he asked , touched to see that there were homemade cookies and freshly cut fruit .
chapter 1 ` ` no , jacob , you ca n't eat sam 's fruit .
` ` sam , you ca n't hide your fruit in your pockets .
she almost rolled her eyes when her twin three year old boys laughed delightedly at rotting fruit in their jeans pockets .
early meant she was gone by dinner time and was now strolling through the market , picking up the various fruits and vegetables for sale .
she was picking up apples from a fruit vendor , putting some of them into a sack when something to the side of her made her glance right .
she was in one hundred degree heat , she 'd probably short changed a fruit vendor after pinging a bad guy with his apples and she had two murderous thugs on her trail .
we did n't know that there were four of them until the other two attacked her by the fruit vendors .
only two thugs reached you and tried to attack you by the fruit stands .
there was a fully stocked bar and a refrigerator with all sorts of gourmet cheeses and chocolates , fruits and specialty drinks .
` ` i ' m not sure i understand your meaning , '' she said and took a bite of the fruit on her plate .
the fruit tasted and felt like sawdust in her mouth and she had to concentrate to chew and swallow the delicate melon .
you just have to have the right consistency in the fruit , i guess , '' she said , knowing he was n't asking about pies but about her spending .
` ` of course , but forgeries are easy to do , '' she said and handed sarila a plate filled with eggs , toast and fresh fruit .
her mind was finally clearing when kalil placed a plate piled high with fruit and several pastries .
please eat the fruit while it is being prepared . ''
the fruit was incredibly sweet and the pastries were light and buttery .
a plate of delicious smelling eggs arrived and dani tried to eat some of them but after the fruit and pastries , she really was full .
i 'll have the kitchens send in some fresh fruit and juice . ''
dani sighed and pushed her plate of fruit away .
it was lovely with elaborate place settings and a delicious smelling buffet set out with steaming dishes and gorgeous fruit .
she took the plate and looked downwards , putting fruit and toast in the center before moving to the table .
unwrapping them , she discovered rosemary chicken , fresh fruit , pungent cheese and a bottle of wine .
for lunch , she bought some fruit at a roadside stand and continued walking , eager to see as much of the city as possible before she was called back by nik .
in addition to an omelet brimming with cheese , ham and vegetables , there was also a huge biscuit on the side of the plate , a bowl of chilled , fresh fruit and , in the center of the table , a large pitcher of orange juice and an urn of coffee .
he spooned an enormous helping of fresh fruit onto her plate .
brianna thought about it long and hard , unaware that she 'd finished off her entire omelet as well as all the fruit he 'd piled onto her plate .
rose sized her up , then turned away and busied herself cutting up fruit .
she did n't dislike overseeing the growth of the grapes ; you could n't be a vintner without a love of the fruit itself .
she figured he planned to get his revenge for last night 's escape by marching her up and down the rows of perfectly developing grapes instead of letting her monitor the giant machinery that turned the humble fruit into the nectar of the gods .
normally when they worked the fields , he took every opportunity to accidently brush by her , or take her hand to lead her , or wrap an arm about her as they surveyed the magnificence of the vines heavy with their fruit .
cutting back the leaves to the perfect balance of fruit to foliage pushed this process forward .
` ` but i do n't think he likes the fruit in his salads , '' she mentioned , remembering how adam had pushed the mandarin oranges off to the side one night .
her tongue experienced the oak , the fruit and the touch of chocolate .
there was even a bowl full of strange - looking exotic fruits , some i 'd never seen before .
inside the basket there was a large array of fruit , cheeses , breads and crackers .
chicken salad , fresh rolls , seasonal fruit , and several other sides that had been brought by my family .
i set down the veggie and hummus platter on the counter next to a large bowl of fruit .
it was strong and black with a hint of fruit for the morning , and it was the perfect way to wake up .
i set it aside and fired up the kettle , and then i pulled out some greek yogurt and fresh fruit for breakfast .
` ` fruit and crackers .
i felt like the worst kind of role model as i watched my son eat a bunch of fruit and grains while i stuffed children 's cereal into my mouth .
there were men like that - when they got you in bed , once they 'd got a taste of the forbidden fruit , they lost all interest .
the thoughts had flowed that day and jake had gone without breakfast , lunch and dinner , munching on fruits , crackers and anything he could grab .
oh , well , at least she was getting in a serving of fruit before the day expired .
after a five hour trip during which they were served a breakfast of fresh fruit , cheese omelets and champagne , they arrived in daytona as the morning sun rose high in the sky .
as her face moved closer he raised his chin , obviously expecting her kiss , but she ignored him and continued moving up and over his body until her right breast hung like succulent fruit just above his lips .
i have some fruit i brought from home . ''
` ` fruit ?
both he and rafe chose to have a light brunch with rafe stocking up on some fatty but mostly sugary items while he went for the oatmeal , fruit platter and coffee .
` ` fruits and vegetables first , children , '' she reminded them as they unpacked their lunch kits .
` ` if you have chips or cookies you may have them only after you ' ve had your fruits . ''
` ` we got a pound cake and some fruit salad .
with a growl rafe reached for her , pulling her down until her br**sts hung like succulent fruit over his mouth .
now , with her br**sts free , she leaned over ridge 's upturn face and nudged her nipple between his lips , feeding him the puckered fruit , feeling a thrill run through her body as he started then tasted then sucked it in .
when she was n't busy mayoring her little town she was outdoors digging in her vegetable garden or turning the soil at the roots of her fruit trees .
` ` finally , i made a tahitian vanilla custard tart with seasonal fruits and almond whipped cream .
there were fried plantains , jerked shrimp , fresh fruit in neat squares , and little tiny bite - sized versions of what appeared to be key lime pie .
despite my diet of fish and tropical fruit , it was still snug across the hips .
it was sweet with some sort of fruit juice and had a giant paper umbrella sticking out of the top .
i could see platters of chocolate strawberries , fresh fruit , finger sandwiches , cheese and crackers , and even what looked like fresh sushi .
there were sandwiches , chips , several cans of soda , cookies , and a big bowl of fresh fruit .
i had eaten more tropical fruit than a monkey , stuffing my face with papayas and mangoes fresh off the trees .
a combination of orange juice , rum , and a combination of fruit juices i could n't decipher hit my mouth .
it was strong , but i barely could taste it over the fruit juice .
i pulled out a platter from one of the many shelves and began piling it high with cheeses , crackers , cut fruit , leftovers from lucia , and whatever else i found in the fridge that looked good .
a large blue bowl full of fresh fruit sat in the center .
if liam rarely visited why was there fresh fruit on the table ?
lorelei plucked a strawberry off the table , rolling the fruit on her tongue before taking a bite .
as quietly as she 'd arrived , sophia left , a light , lingering scent of fresh fruit and an odd tingle in his palm the only remnants of her appearance .
sophia put her hand out and the little girl passed the fruit as if handing her a precious possession .
then dessert and cheeses and fresh fruit , if you wish . ''
baked goods , boiled eggs , an assortment of deli meats , and fresh fruit were displayed on the table like a king 's buffet .
chapter 11 mandi ate breakfast with a big appetite , enjoying the fresh baked croissants , homemade jams , and fresh fruit that were laid out on the table .
he had desserts , fruit , nuts , and wine .
just when he thought there was some hope , emily began to nibble on her fruit .
parker reached down in a picnic basket and pulled out a bottle of champagne , a couple of glasses along with specialty cheeses , fruit , and crackers .
chapter 8 chloe drove back from the grocery store with bags of fruit , veggies , and microwavable meals that required very little preparation .
when chloe was first brought in , she 'd feasted before bed on ice cream , fruit , cheesecake , and juice .
the women in those pictures all those years ago were brittle , hard looking and so thin it looked as if they ate maybe one or two pieces of fruit a day .
i also packed some extra muffins and some fruit for her , but i ' m not sure if she knew what was going on .
fresh fruit , lean chicken , cereal and milk was about all she could endure purchasing on her first outing .
she took out the fruit instead and munched on the apple , accepting that she 'd have to go out once again so she could get plates , bowls , utensils ... everything she would need to start over again .
nancy stood there with the sandwich on a plate complete with freshly cut up fruit .
` ` some fruit as well , '' he said then nodded to the servant who quickly stepped away to carry out his instructions .
it was so pretty she could n't help but sample the vibrant fruit .
she 'd had fruit and milk for breakfast this morning and she was starting to feel alive and normal .
on the table sat a glass pitcher and two glasses along with a plate of cheese and fresh , tropical fruit cut into a beautiful pattern .
after a delicious lunch of light sandwiches and fresh fruit , the other four slowly left , leaving helen and dimitri alone .
` ` i think we need to dance off some of this food , '' dimitri said after a delicious dessert of chocolate fondue with fresh fruit and cake was devoured .
piling the food onto her plate , she surveyed the fresh fruit , eggs , sausage and biscuits without interest , then piled more food onto her plate for some reason .
why do n't you have some eggs or even some fruit . ''
it went against everything in him though and he turned away before he ordered her to eat some fruit .
heading home , her mind went through possible meals and , on impulse , she stopped by the grocery store and picked up fresh fruit and vegetables , some milk and cheese and some pasta .
` ` i had a sandwich and fruit about an hour ago , '' she assured him .
emma could n't respond since the waiter came back in with a plate filled with cheesy eggs , ham , toast , fresh fruit , and place it in front of her .
` ` i 'll just have a salad or some fruit .
` ` royal kind , '' she offered , taking a china plate and placing a poached egg and fresh fruit on top .
` ` i know , '' she replied , pushing the untouched fruit around on her plate instead of taking a bite .
forcing herself to eat the fruit for the baby 's sake , she sat at the table feeling as if her world had just shattered .
mitch took her hand and dragged her over to the buffet table , then proceeded to load up her plate with eggs , fruit , sausage and muffins , adding twice as much to his own plate .
her stomach really did n't want any food right now , so instead of making a sandwich or something for lunch , she simply tossed some fruit into her bag , intending to grab something at the company cafeteria , or maybe she could go out for lunch with the rest of the team .
she worked on her code , forced herself to eat more fruit , went to another aerobics class in the afternoon and got home saturday night just in time to be extremely depressed .
she spent the day in her apartment cleaning , organizing her makeup , going to the gym for another aerobics class and trying to get some nutrition by eating lots of healthy fruits and vegetables .
she pulled the bowl of fruit closer and stuck the first juicy morsel with her fork a bit too harshly .
she concentrated on her fruit , although she could barely taste the succulent pieces since she was too anxious about the fact that he knew she 'd been up late .
darcy savored the fruit of the morning and took her time with her cold juice , enjoying the smells and sounds and relaxed atmosphere .
but as the servant placed the plate in front of her , she could n't concentrate on anything other than eating the delicious scrambled eggs , flaky biscuits and freshly cut fruit .
go over to that table and slice the fruit manuel picked this morning .
darcy stepped over to the table adele indicated and picked up a knife , happily slicing fruit and laying it onto the tray adele brought her .
twice adele came over to judge her progress and caught darcy nibbling on the fresh fruit but she did n't say anything , only gave her ` ` the look '' , something mothers and grandmothers had perfected over the years indicating the transgression had not gone unnoticed .
when the platter was full , darcy stepped back and marveled at the beauty of the lovely fruit while adele sliced up some toast and placed poached eggs on another tray .
when manuel arrived in the kitchen carrying another load of vegetables and fruit , darcy smiled delightedly and peeked into the treasures .
manuel picked up the pitcher of fruit juice and was about to grab the plate of fruit but darcy grabbed it instead .
manuel picked up the pitcher of fruit juice and was about to grab the plate of fruit but darcy grabbed it instead .
sergei watched her eat , nibbling at his own meal but fascinated with the way she savored each bite , enthusiastically serving herself more fruit and sipping at the juice as if it were nectar .
this meal looked like all the other meals that were presented to him , although possibly a bit more colorful due to the abundance of native fruits and vegetables on the island .
she greeted adele early in the morning and quickly moved to the table to start slicing the fruit for the morning meal .
adele solved the issue by placing the tray of fruit in her hands .
adele chose that moment to bring out the eggs benedict , along with fresh asparagus , placing it proudly in the middle of the table beside the fruit .
sergei helped himself to the fruit and eggs , eating them carefully , all the while watching to see if she might reveal what had upset her so much .
` ` how about a glass of that delicious fruit juice we had for breakfast this morning ?
shaking her head , she turned to smile at darcy who was busy chopping fruit for breakfast .
marco put a breakfast casserole in the oven which should be ready in about ten minutes and i ' m all finished with the fruit .
` ` i ' m going to take zoe down to the creek , '' he said after a delicious breakfast of an egg and sausage casserole along with succulent fruit that tasted as if it had just been picked off of a tree .
there was colorful fruit and pastries and something inside of chafing dishes that smelled delicious , but she shook her head .
she finally asked , filling up on eggs and fruit , her eyes wide as she took in all the information .
hussan had already eaten so she grabbed a bland biscuit and some fruit , sipping her coffee as she contemplated what she might do today .
he did n't press immediately because his housekeeper bustled into the room , carrying warm croissants and muffins along with a huge bowl of freshly cut fruit with brightly colored berries and watermelon .
he stabbed another strawberry and brought it to her lips , watching as her pretty , white teeth bit down on the succulent fruit .
zarah 's heart rate slowly returned to normal and she savored the fruit while sipping her fragrant tea .
but they 're mostly fruits and vegetables , '' she said , giving in and easing he was only showing his love for her , even if it was overbearing she decided to have a heart to heart talk with her older brother .
they moved to the closest restaurant and ordered salads and fruit plates .
after a breakfast of fresh fruit and juice , antonia left the house , waiving goodbye to sal , but telling him that she was having dinner with brett tonight .
antonia found some fresh fruit and cut it up for breakfast , taking it to the patio to eat it as she watched the morning birds .
and now , the fruit she 'd eaten earlier was churning in her stomach .
thomas got sandwiches and some fruit from a vendor .
she sipped fragrant tea and ate a wonderful brunch of eggs benedict , warm blueberry muffins , fresh fruit and orange juice while holding her nephew max in her arms .
she cut up some fruit and was pouring the orange juice when sal walked in , reading the newspaper .
there was a small banquet of fruits as well as eggs , toast , bacon , sausage and strong , hot coffee .
` ` oh , '' she said and sat down with a plate full of fruit and eggs .
it was filled with a large glass of ice tea and some fruit .
` ` i see norman is right where he belongs , '' she said and pushed her fruit away from her , not liking the smell of that either .
she smiled up at maria , the cook and housekeeper who brought out a bowl filled with fresh fruit , alana 's usual breakfast .
alana stormed off the patio , leaving her coffee and fruit behind .
she ignored the fruit in front of her .
otherwise , it is just a mess of fruit and crust all over the plate . ''
he spread out a feast of sliced ham , three different types of cheese , crisp apples , sliced passion fruit , pineapple and a bottle of white wine .
kate drank coffee and picked at her muffin while carlo ate a huge helping of eggs and fruit from the breakfast buffet .
another door revealed a fully stocked bar and refrigerator filled with snacks , fruit , juice , bottled water , wine and beer .
the meal was topped off by a light dessert of roasted fruit with a cream sauce but kate was too full from the other courses to fully appreciate the delicate tastes .
` ` yep , '' he said and piled a plate high with eggs , sausage , biscuits , jam and a mount of fruit .
there 's even a basket of fruits on the worktable , plus a blender half - filled with some thick - looking yellow liquid .
the leader then orders them to bring him 10 pieces of any fruit . ''
she stuck out like a sore thumb here without even trying , a sour lemon in a land filled with ripe exotic fruits .
the younger ones had fallen asleep after gorging themselves with fruit pies , candies made of dried fruits and just about all other dishes that could be made from fruits .
the younger ones had fallen asleep after gorging themselves with fruit pies , candies made of dried fruits and just about all other dishes that could be made from fruits .
the younger ones had fallen asleep after gorging themselves with fruit pies , candies made of dried fruits and just about all other dishes that could be made from fruits .
he did n't bother hiding his surprise as he remarked , ` ` you have star fruit ? ''
it was an exotic fruit in the human world , and one that his race prized .
sir ` ` belly '' ignored his slack - jawed look , his face creasing with a rare smile as he gave misty a bag of fruits .
he set two plates of assorted chocolate covered fruit beside him .
then he picked up another piece of fruit .
christian grabbed an orange from the fruit basket and peeled it , popping a slice in his mouth .
he set down the fruit and opened the package .
without waiting for an answer , he began to lick and kiss her there , savoring her like he had the chocolate covered fruits .
later , after seeing pictures of her husband dancing with a woman named after a fruit , she 'd chunked the damn thing into the ocean .
` ` i saw pictures of you and that fruit woman .
smithann giggled as the yellow and green concoction was placed on the table beside a familiar wooden bowl of fruit .
` ` are you sure you 're not here because your dad has made me forbidden fruit ? ''
like every poppy holland before her , rose forced fruits , vegetables , flowers and herbs to grow out of season in order to make ' potions ' and creams .
bored at the always threatening tone of vladimir , sasha snagged an asian pear from a fruit basket and rubbed it on his shirt .
` ` everyone around here loves chicken salad , and the fruit compote - it 's my great aunt pearl 's recipe , '' she said , describing the food .
a tray loaded with plates of biscuits , grits , bacon , sausage , fruit , and muffins sat on it .
not to mention the times she 'd padded her pockets in the general store with cans of fruit , toothbrushes and toothpaste , or slipped a pair of shoes for skye in her purse , without paying .
they tasted prize - winning jams and jellies at local fairs named after fruits and small woodland creatures , went tubing at a river festival , and held hands during an outdoor play .
instantly , nathan chortled , grabbed one of the pieces of fruit and squished it in his fist .
i 'll go fetch the popcorn , parisian cake , and the fruits . ''
another tower of cream puffs , eclairs , napoleon , small parisian cakes , fruit gateau , and pan au chocolat to name a few .
they served different types of sandwiches , cheeses , fruits , selection of antipasti , mouth - watering cakes , and lastly cute embellished mini burgers .. yum , those posh burgers looked divine , i thought fervently as a friendly waitress named molly placed a bottle of magnum rose cristal , two champagne flutes and a pot of coffee beside me .
when i finally squinted my eyes open , i saw amelia sitting on the couch , nibbling on fresh fruits and cream , face naked of artifice and in the same state as i was - dressed in a robe and a little exhausted .
i motioned my head towards the dining area , hoping that i could entice her to eat something because she had n't had anything since the fruits and cream this morning .
the wine 's acidity balanced perfectly with the tangy fruit taste .
when the waitress came around , genie ordered a warm flank steak salad with mint and cilantro , and a fruit bowl .
he 'd also brought along a basket of fruits , crackers , cheeses , and chilled bottled water , which they 'd placed along the edges of a blanket they 'd spread out underneath the umbrella .
she went for the fruit , devouring the strawberry and savoring every morsel .
the attendant , jonathan , appeared with two lobster tails , fresh fruits , and various green and pasta salads .
` ` and perhaps a fruit platter ? ''
tasha picked up a few pieces of fruit , mostly watermelon , peaches , kiwi and strawberries , and nibbled on them between sips of the soup .
he stopped at the island bench , picked a melon ball off the platter , popped it into his mouth , raised his eyebrows at her stunned reaction to his enthusiastic suggestion as he ate the fruit , then asked , ' can you get away from the farm to do it with me ? '
which she was long familiar with since it was such a prolific fruit tree around her home city of cairns .
as well as heba serving her a very tasty array of fruit and croissants , her two other attendants from last night 's grooming session , jasmine and soleila , fluttered around , eager to please emily in any way they could .
they lunched at the beach lodge , sitting on a balcony overlooking the turquoise waters of the bay , hungrily demolishing servings of superb grilled fish , several different tasty salads and a platter of freshly sliced fruit .
' the stall keepers have stacked their fruit and vegetables into pyramids .
emily sat on a cushioned lounger , sipping a tropical fruit drink , listening to other guests commenting on the fantastic scenery .
he had climbed up on to her stool and picked a banana out of the fruit bowl by the time karen reached the kitchen .
tessa , however , was attracted to the wide selection of fruits and croissants .
it was silky - smooth , too , sweet , heavy with the taste of fruit , caressing her throat like liquid velvet .
nick ramirez was like forbidden fruit .
' will a plate of fruit and cheese do it for you or do you want something more substantial ? '
' i had some yoghurt and fruit earlier on .
he busied himself opening the bag and removing a large jug of fruit juice while he talked .
after leaving the studios , she asked gerry to drive her to her favourite greengrocer 's market at kensington , wanting to stock up with fruit and vegetables and be relatively independent of elaine 's provisions for the guest house .
she had forgotten the trolley containing the few pieces of fruit she had selected .
he was busy making their drinks ... ice - blocks and tonic water from a big , double - sided refrigerator , a lemon from a well - stocked bowl of fresh fruit , a bottle of tanqueray gin from a liquor cupboard .
they were both persuaded to order the divine - sounding apple and brandy souffle served with a lemon and kiwi fruit compote to finish off the meal .
had their mating ... such a terribly evocative word - borne fruit ?
two hostesses hovered by a bar table which had been set up with wines , beer , fruit juice , iced water .
pressed into eating something by flavia , skye managed to get through a small mince pie and a sliver of rich fruit cake .
they collected glasses of complimentary wine , browsed on huge platters of fruit , cheese , dips and crackers , viewed the paintings of nudes , listened to the mayor 's speech opening the main exhibition , then took in all the pop posters which gave a fascinating insight of the change in street design over the years .
a pitcher of fruit juice and a set of glasses stood on a table within easy reach .
two armchairs and a coffee table holding a platter of fresh fruit were placed for the enjoyment of the view outside .
the platter of fruit did not appeal as much as a cup of coffee - a whole pot of coffee - so she called the kitchen and requested it , along with a serving of bruschetta .
fresh fruit was served afterwards ; little balls of different melons and pineapple sprinkled with mint .
' something light with fruit would probably be best ... caramelised pears ... maybe simply oranges and kiwi fruit soaked in cointreau ... a palate - cleanser ... . ' tammy was supposed to take fancy breads .
' something light with fruit would probably be best ... caramelised pears ... maybe simply oranges and kiwi fruit soaked in cointreau ... a palate - cleanser ... . ' tammy was supposed to take fancy breads .
her gaze skated distractedly over a selection of small danish pastries with fillings of glazed fruit - apricot , apple , peach - the plate of scones beside dishes of cream and strawberry jam .
the only splashes of colour came from the fresh flowers in vases and a bowl of fruit on the coffee table - welcoming touches .
they mixed a fruit punch for the children and put out wineglasses for the adults .
a waiter came around with a tray offering replenishments but they shook their heads , knowing there was so much more to taste - fruit cake , scones with and without raisins and an assortment of spreads ; strawberry and rose petal jam , clotted cream , a strawberry mousse and tangy passionfruit .
fresh fruit and flowers in their rooms .
complimentary platters of fresh fruit and a selection of wines were provided .
a juicy , swollen fruit that my tongue wants to explore !
' with fruit ? '
chicken with fruit and rice .
at the hundreds of diamond fruits and crystal teardrops .
flowers , vegetables , herbs and fruit are plentiful .
she stops in front of the low table where there is a platter of fresh fruit and a bottle of champagne cooling in an ice bucket , and turns around to face me .
it is like a prayer for which there are no words , and my love increases and ripens , the way fruit does in the autumn .
tart giardiniera in oil , olives , cured meats from the deli , salads , ribbons of fried dough dusted with powdered sugar and an intricate terrine of fruits layered with alcohol - soaked sponge .
' souffle aux fruits de la passion on your ni**les , sabayon sauce on your belly , caramel on your pubic bone and bananas en papilote between your legs . '
i stand for a moment absorbing the foreignness of it all - the mirror , the beautiful intricately carved silver fruit bowl filled with fruit - and can not help the envy that pours into my heart .
i stand for a moment absorbing the foreignness of it all - the mirror , the beautiful intricately carved silver fruit bowl filled with fruit - and can not help the envy that pours into my heart .
and a fruit bowl that will always be full ?
the church is the fruit that the tree of money bore .
and this is the gate where the heroine pauses before taking the first step of the arduous and dangerous journey in her quest to pick the forbidden fruit .
the fruit that will wake the sleeping jack .
i need to enter the forbidden garden to get the forbidden fruit .
i remember gardeners used to carry cherry trees around the dining table so guests could pick the fruit themselves . '
a vast selection of local dishes , omelets made to order , rice porridge , toasts , cakes , pastries , cut fruit , different kinds of cereal .
blake has bacon and eggs and i have pancakes with maple syrup and fruit .
sorab nibbles on fruit .
a room service cart loaded down with coffee , fresh fruits and an assortment of breakfast pastries stood unnoticed beside him .
a cupboard door was hanging open , and a bowl full of fruit was on the counter .
the fresh fruit that he 'd become accustomed to snacking on when he wandered through the empty rooms searching for inspiration .
will you get caramel or fruit and nuts ? ''
` ` fruit ? ''
` ` i just like having fresh fruit in the house and it 's silly to call room service if i want an orange . ''
maybe it was the whole forbidden fruit thing - the woman he could n't have was the one who fascinated him ?
` ` and there 's so much one can do with fruits like apples , pears , and quince , but i 'd need honey and almond and dates for the glazes and , canel , too , but as i said , there 's little to be found of any of that in the kitchens . ''
you informed her that if the gentlemen fell at your feet , they would only be trying to avoid the swarm of frenzied bees who were attracted by a fruit platter wearing a female . ''
the proprietress was trying to convince me to purchase a hideous bonnet covered with artificial fruit ... '' at the end of the story emily stared at her with a combination of mirth and wonder .
suddenly an alley cat screamed and bolted off a fruit cart , sending an avalanche of apples rumbling into the street .
you , '' he ordered zack , ` ` get your ass over to that grocery store across the street and find me some nice imported cheese and some fresh fruit , then stay in the car .
the table was already laden with trays of fruit and cheese , a huge fresh salad , a plate of finger sandwiches , a tureen of soup , and two hot covered bowls , and he was in the process of arranging sliced lemons and parsley around a platter of prawns .
today , however , she felt a rush of frustrated annoyance when she took a look inside and saw frank o'halloran rushing back and forth from one end of the bar to the other , setting out bowls of imported nuts and pulling out trays of fruit from the refrigerators under the bar .
tonight he was attired in orange satin knee breeches that swelled over his protruding midsection , a plum satin waistcoat , and a long yellow brocade coat - a combination that made alexandra think of a large pile of overripe fruit when she looked at him .
alexandra was too despondent to be annoyed by his insulting estimation of female intelligence and too defeated to feel anything more than mild dejection at being treated this way by a man with no more sense than to attire himself like a tray of fruit .
arms outspread , he fell backward , overturning the table with the punch and dragging down the curtain , landing spreadeagled on his back at the feet of three male guests , like a colorful bowl of fruit beneath a waterfall of punch .
` ` i - i thought a bowl of fruit - no , fruit punch , '' she declared , and they dissolved with laughter again .
` ` i - i thought a bowl of fruit - no , fruit punch , '' she declared , and they dissolved with laughter again .
after a breakfast of freshly baked scones and fruit , charlie took her time getting ready .
the day before she called the hotel manager and arranged to have the kitchenette stocked with beverages as well as fresh fruit and bagels .
while christopher polished off a full meal of eggs , fruit , and scones , she merely picked at the fruit - her appetite gone as she envisioned calling callie .
while christopher polished off a full meal of eggs , fruit , and scones , she merely picked at the fruit - her appetite gone as she envisioned calling callie .
christopher grabbed an apple from the fruit basket on the counter and headed for his office .
during the week she opted for things like cereal with fruit or yogurt mixed with granola .
elle was on rinsing duty : she stood on a stool by the sink rinsing all the fruit , meats , and vegetables .
` ` do you have any fruits or veggies ? ''
i do have fruits and veggies .
she smells so good - all fruit , sweat , and pheromones .
` ` i thought you might be hungry , so i brought some sangers and fruit . ''
i ' m sitting at the dining room table having some leftover fruit from my birthday breakfast when my personal phone rings .
his forbidden fruit .
during the past weeks they 'd made real fires , collected ripe fruits and vegetables , eaten their meals in the apartment - sized kitchen or in the cool barbecue house and held their after - dinner gatherings and entertainment in its lounge or in the huge pergola terrace .
date palms and olive trees numbering in the hundreds of thousands , wild flowers and cacti , impossible in beauty and abundance , farmed fruits and vegetables , especially apricots , figs and corn , astounding in size and taste .
dozens of colorful pillows of all sizes were scattered all over it and around it , like fruits surrounding an indulgence .
he dipped the small spoon into the pureed fruit mix , offered it tentatively to alex .
` ` it 's a special cocktail of mine , one i use after extreme workouts , a mixture of hibiscus , carob , sugar cane , pomegranate and a few desert fruits , mostly daum and hab'bel azeez . ''
behind the waterfall of damask drapes isolating it lay another setting of senses - soaking sensuality , dominated by a huge bed draped in gold and red satin and flanked by mirror - polished brass panels , with a gleaming copper tray table beside it , laden with fruits and delicacies .
like the bird from those fruit loops commercials .
sighing , i scanned the shelves , taking stock of my options , before spotting fresh fruit on the bottom level .
but when i reached for it , the fruit slipped from my hand , forcing me to bend further and lunge to grab it before it disappeared behind a case of beer .
he nodded toward the fruit in my hand .
when i lifted the tenth cover and found a fruit plate , i shrugged .
but how had he guessed my favorite fruit ?
setting the drink down , i reached for the plate of fruit .
walking to the food carts with the half - eaten fruit plate , he called back to me .
after munching on some fruit and a bagel from one of the many left - over trays , i headed downstairs to wait for jax .
as i mixed fruit juice with the rum in two glasses , i snuck a furtive glance at sky .
he walked over to examine the fruit .
` ` you ' ve stolen fruit ? ''
only half aware of her peers ' conversation as they commented and compared their scripts and rehearsals , heather said little , focusing instead on chewing and swallowing her fruit salad .
a short time later , adam and chandler sat with us on the veranda enjoying a lunch of cold meat sandwiches , fruit salad , and lemonade .
then he pulled me outside through the open french doors where we found mira , adam , jack and sophia already dining on eggs , potato casserole , ham and fruit cups .
even though i 'd only eaten half of my fruit , there was no way i was eating more .
` ` it 's amazing i could even concentrate with your gorgeous mouth wrapped around your fruit .
twenty minutes after i ' ve hung up with mirabelle , her words are still rooted in my head , clinging to my conscience like mold on spoiled fruit .
two minutes later she had added a small freshly baked loaf of crusty bread , fruit conserve , a pitcher of chilled lemonade from the refrigerator , and the plate of sliced fresh fruit she 'd spied in there .
two minutes later she had added a small freshly baked loaf of crusty bread , fruit conserve , a pitcher of chilled lemonade from the refrigerator , and the plate of sliced fresh fruit she 'd spied in there .
michaela kept busy briefing the band , checking with the various maitre d 's that the complimentary fruit kebabs would be ready and with the bar staff that they were primed to serve the night 's special cocktail .
` ` do i have fruit on my face ? ''
michaela reached out a hand toward his face but quickly redirected it to the fruit platter .
they chatted about nothing for a short time , eating the fruit , admiring the view and the quiet .
clever hidden recesses held vases , water jugs , and fruit .
chapter twenty - two we slept late , enjoyed some leisurely morning sex , showered together and made our way downstairs , where my parents had set up a nice spread with genuine new york bagels , cream cheese , veggies and fresh fruit .
he licked my fruit roll - up and he stole my red crayon .
` ` because you licked my fruit roll - up , put paste on my chair and locked me in the boys ' bathroom on the first day of preschool , you bastard . ''
i stood there , following his advice , munching on salty nachos and saltier cocktail weenies , washing them down with copious amounts of fruit punch .
` ` he licked my fruit roll - up . ''
` ` yeah , well i accidentally licked your fruit roll - up too , '' he answered , looking back down at me curiously .
` ` since i licked your fruit roll - up . ''
and when i was four , i said it by licking your fruit roll - up .
` ` yes , '' i said , swallowing hard , ` ` i will , but no more licking my fruit roll - ups . ''
i ' ve been waiting twenty - three years for you , fruit roll - up girl . ''
madison placed a large , flamboyant hat shaped like an overflowing fruit basket on sean 's bald head .
why do i have to be the fruit ? ''
it 's just fruit . ''
she trailed behind lexi , grabbing an apple out of the basket of fruit on the kitchen table .
after we finished with dinner , we ate the tasty fruit flans my mom had bought from the bakery , and then amelia and i got up and sat down on the couch .
i followed behind a few minutes later and sat at the table for the pancake and fruit breakfast my mom and amelia made for us before heading to the beach house .
up on deck was a spread of cheese , crackers , an assortment of fruit , and bottles of wine and champagne .
it felt domestic to wheel a cart around the market , picking out groceries and debating what the rules were in determining if fruit was ripe .
` ` all those plates of cheese and fruit are n't free .
a platter of cheese , fruit and crackers did not cost $ 300 .
mandy set down a bowl of fruit in front of me and poured some more coffee in my cup .
` ` i hope you like fruit .
` ` i do like fruit , ian . ''
he led me to the kitchen and asked me to get the fruit cups out of the fridge while he cooked us some eggs .
mandy brought us a fruit cup to start .
it looked like a rolled up pancake with fruit inside .
mandy was kind enough to bring me in a fruit cup and a chocolate chip muffin .
as i was walking down the street , and taking in the beautiful surroundings , i stopped at an outdoor market that displayed the best - looking fruits and vegetables .
as we stood in the obnoxious long line , i saw andre , the guy from the fruit stand , approaching us .
` ` i met him at the fruit stand this afternoon when i was looking at the apples .
it was beautiful and every time i passed by the fruit stand , andre would wave and yell , ` ` good morning , my beautiful american girl . ''
he came over the apartment a couple of times and brought us fruit .
he came over after he closed up the fruit stand and we cooked dinner together .
as i ran by the fruit stand , andre yelled out to me .
i have to restock the fruit after the stand closes , so i 'll just meet you there . ''
i ' ve known andre for a long time , and i figured you 'd be checking out the fruit stand since it was so close , so i sent him your picture , asked him to be on the lookout for you , and asked him to keep an eye on you until i could get here .
* * * * the next morning , after two rounds of making love , we got dressed and walked down the street to the fruit stand .
i set our cups down on the table and charles made me scrambled eggs and toast with a side of fresh fruit .
as ian sat down with his muffin and fruit , we heard adalynn 's voice coming from the foyer .
mandy walked over and handed adalynn a fruit cup .
i laughed and rolled my eyes as i ate the fruit cup mandy set down in front of me .
jack laid down a blanket and i set out some cheese and fruits i had put together .
they soon happened on a long queue of vegetable and fruit peddlers on their way to the palace complex to sell their fresh produce .
scent , bypassing his smell to overload on the mixture of frankincense and musk , burning candles and night air laden with sea salt and jasmine and a hundred flowers and fruits .
it sprawled in many levels , crouching over the highest point in the landscape , surrounded by manicured , mature gardens that on one side gave way to a mile - deep , golden beach , on another to the terrain where the road ended , and on the remaining sides to densely verdant groves ripe with fruit .
heavy sweet - spicy ood incense blended with the distinctive smell of fruit - mixed tobacco that many smoked in their water - filled sheeshas .
farmed fruits and vegetables , especially figs , apricots , berries and corn , were astounding in size and taste .
she now watched as he braided palm leaves into an ingenious basket for her fruits .
the investigations and negotiations i had my family do while we were in the oasis bore fruit .
in minutes , his men had spread a table with cheeses , breads , chilled fruits and cold and hot drinks .
` ` and speaking of chewing ... '' she twirled around , filled herself a plate of sliced fruits .
she 'd finally decided to make them black - eyed pea stew , hummus tahini and dried - fruit salad .
vincenzo clasped her to his side as he leaned down , plastering his cheek against hers as leandro held the goblet to their lips for them to simultaneously sip the bloodred liquid that tasted and smelled of an elusive amalgam of spices , fruits and flowers .
` ` i have all kinds of dried fruits . ''
he 'd just finished the khoshaaf she 'd made soaking dried fruits in honeyed water and topping them with toasted almonds and spices .
` ` brewed in the same way , but with a secret blend of fruit and botanicals .
` ` the taste , the kick , the nicotine hit , the forbidden fruit of it .
jase had given hunter an odd - looking cereal , with bran and nuts and dried fruits , which gage assumed was something organic luis had purchased at a health food store .
and it was hard to beat the fresh organic fruits and veggies , not the mention the quality of the meats and baked goods .
a fresh organic fruit salad and tasty yogurt dip with fresh organic strawberries would have been so much better .
she 'd been sticking religiously to water and fruit juice since she had found out about the baby .
bigsby had suggested he buy fruit at the cape to reawaken her appetite , even outrageously suggesting a few exorbitant oranges .
i , uh , i brought you some fresh fruit .
ill just set he did nt have time to blink before she flew at himor rather , at the fruit he d placed on the table .
he d brought back a bag full of fruit for herapples , oranges , these raisinsfor which he must have paid a fortune .
now they sprawled on the bed absently snacking on fruit and , she imagined , reviving for the rest of the night .
there were baked apples , fruit pastels - a kind of russian turkish delight - and sirniki , a cheese pancake with a side of honey for dipping .
lobster , succulent fruits , delectable truffles , petits fours .
he 'd brought baguettes , cheese , sausage , and fruit .
breakfast waited for me on my nightstand - gorgeous cheese , fruit , bread , and steaming chocolate goat 's milk from what i could tell .
my fingers traced where his had been , and my snatch felt like an overripe fruit .
dad had designed the small backyard with private spaces and fruit trees .
` ` the fruit of thy womb , jesus . ''
the still unripe fruits of the olive trees hung heavy .
but as she began to open her mouth to slide the sweet fruit off of his fork , the buzzing on her clit began in earnest .
grabbing a banana from the fruit bowl on the kitchen island , she sat in the chair across the table from temptation .
neat rows of fruit trees and plots lush with vegetables grew to the west of the low - roofed barns .
anderson 's market , a grocery store that had been around since her grandparents had built their cabin on the lake , had done major upgrades in the past couple of years , going so far as to stock organic fruits and vegetables all year long , rather than just july and august to appease the summer folks .
noting the fruit and cookies on the sideboard in the sitting room , he said , ` ` thanks , but i 'll make do just fine with this spread . ''
seeing several pots on the stove and a large array of fruit and vegetables laid out by the cutting board , she said , ` ` i should have realized you 'd still be cooking .
now , she did n't notice the sun sparkling off the blue water , did n't see pretty dresses in store windows or crave the fruit at the corner stand .
she piled two pastries and a bagel on her plate , along with a healthy helping of fruit .
and maybe that sick feeling in her gut was the result of the acidic fruit she 'd eaten on a thoroughly empty stomach .
they could have named me after a piece of fruit . ''
after a precarious few minutes in the outhouse , she emerged to find ty had spread out a lunch of sandwiches , fruit , and crackers on the picnic table .
so she was chewing , wishing she could swallow her confusing emotions like fruit , when ty reached over and ran his finger across the back of her hand .
` ` fruit and turkey do n't get me that excited , '' she said , which was the truth .
their lunch was torn into and scattered all around , most of it missing , but a few random bits of bread and fruit scraps were left behind .
was he really that cruel that he 'd abandon her for fruit ?
his fiancee , imogen , called to him from over the fruit platter , where she was piling grapes on her plate .
there were chicken salad sandwiches , fruit , and brownies inside .
damn it , she was not a piece of fruit .
she picked up a cherry that had been used to garnish a pie - a f**king pie - and sucked the syrupy sauce off it , the plump fruit between her lips , a sassy glint in her eye .
she 'd been his fruit to pluck , and he 'd burned so hot for her he should have set his pants on fire a dozen times a day .
gritting his teeth , he dumped the melting ice cream into the sink and grabbed an apple from his fruit bowl .
lighting one , i lower the flame to the wick of my bright pink yankee candle , letting the strong dragon fruit scent assault my senses almost immediately .
i grab a grape from the bunch in the fruit bowl behind me and throw it at him .
aaron 's mouth covers mine , silencing my low hum of approval at the sweet fruit , the simple touch heating my body .
she picked up a bagel and spread cream cheese over it , ignoring the fruit .
fruit and croissants and , blessedly , more coffee .
he picked up a piece of fruit and held it for me .
she shrugged and snagged another piece of fruit .
i now knew his favorite meals , what kind of fruit he liked - melons - and the kind he hated - pineapple .
they shared coffee and a fruit tart for dessert , and not even damon , sitting a table away viewing them with undisguised interest , seemed to dim her enjoyment or enthusiasm .
she handed him the necklace , pulled paper and pen from a drawer and wrote her grandmother a ransom letter , propping it up against the fake fruit centerpiece on the table .
there 's also fresh seasonal fruit .
so you want the fruit ? ''
twenty minutes later , he brought a tray with scrambled eggs and salsa , toast , fresh fruit , a blueberry smoothie and a cup of green tea .
lucah heard it and laughed as he handed me a plate with crepes , fruit and bacon on it .
i finally found some oatmeal that had fruit and nuts in it , and a cup of herbal tea .
the oatmeal came and it was the tiniest bowl ever and had about three pieces of fruit and two sad walnuts in it .
she 'd outdone herself with a sweet potato bisque , a fruit salad and steak wrapped around asparagus , with roasted red potatoes .
so you 're choosing that limey fruit basket over me ? ''
` ` he 's not a limey fruit basket .
i was just using him to get away from malcolm and to help you have some sexy time with your fruit basket .
as long as you do n't mind my lady friend and the fruit of my loins joining us . ''
` ` i 'll have you know that the fruit of my loins ?
` ` more like fruit loops , '' i mumbled as i walked over to the dresser .
i joined him at the buffet , taking a plate and putting fruit on it for tim and a few meats and salad on it for me .
` ` you probably know more about it than i do , '' i said , spooning some fruit onto my plate .
i smiled , picturing him stabbing the poor fruit over and over , making it bleed its red juices onto the table .
it was covered in pink goo from a recently slaughtered guava fruit .
` ` fruit ! ''
` ` do you see any fruit here ? ''
and keep your eyes out for fruit . ''
` ` yeah , fruit .
where in the hell are we going to find fruit in the overworld ?
do you have any fruit or berries or anything we can feed this baby pixie ? ''
spending a week in the overworld with the fruit of my loins should have clued you in if all the other months you ' ve known me had n't already . ''
and he could ' ve called me by the name of any fruit in the world right now ... apple , grape , kumquat , banana ... and i ' m fairly sure i would n't have even noticed , because he was touching me .
` ` a fool is nothing more than cooked fruit stirred into freshly whipped cream .
` ` and tell elaina what the cooked fruit is , dear , '' mum told him with barely suppressed glee .
make sure to top my portion of fool with extra fruit , please . ''
it 'll tell you everything you need to know about fruits and vegetables . ''
i looked at the fruit and the croissant sandwich .
off to one side sat a bucket of iced drinks and what appeared to be little dessert cakes on a tray with some fresh fruit .
and like the perfect lover she was , she cradled one in each palm , like an offering up to me , as if they were a prized piece of fruit .
i shook my head at how funny it was to me that he could memorize every fruit and vegetable on that prenatal website .
true to his word , there was brie , and he set it out along with a selection of crackers and fruit that we nibbled on as he went about making dinner , cutting the ends off the green beans , testing the potatoes in the oven , seasoning the steaks .
the morning went by in a blur of coffee , scones , lattes , espressos , and granola - topped fruit cups .
over the next few days , we divided our time between home depot and forbidden fruit , the local sex toy store that cole introduced me to and that i spent many fascinating moments perusing .
once we were sufficiently plastered , we had red drive us to forbidden fruit .
i put the box from forbidden fruit on the bar in front of him , then leaned in to whisper in his ear , and as i did , i pressed my hand to his thigh , letting my fingers find and stroke his already hard cock .
still life with fruit ?
i 'd been about to follow up my breakfast of fruit and cheese with a delicious serving of damien .
there 's coffee , orange juice , eggs , toast , a waffle , fruit , and enough bacon to feed a small army .
i looked around , grabbed a grape off my fruit plate , and threw it at him .
` ` just a fruit tray for me .
eliza had packed us cold cuts , cheese , fresh - baked bread , a bottle of wine , some perrier , and fresh fruit .
once i was packed , i went into the kitchen and made what i thought of as a ` ` french breakfast , '' a baguette purchased the evening before , some brie , fresh sliced fruit , and a cup of coffee .
an old man held on to the halter of a gray donkey pulling a cart full of fruit .
the food was a simple fare , some cured meat that i suspected was goat , as well as goat cheese , vegetables and locally - grown fruit .
she reached behind her and unfastened the bra , then peeled the cups of silk from firm , fleshy fruit .
she tucked the money carefully away in her backpack and they continued walking , elise staring with interest at the colorful vegetables and fruits and smiling at the vendors , suddenly feeling like a kid in a candy store .
what 's a few crates of lettuce to him , when he gets to witness you turning his vegetables into certifiable sex fruit ? ''
such sweet , tempting fruit .
francesca found herself relaxing for the first time since she 'd landed in london as the meal came to an end , and the footman served fruit and cheese for the last course .
after the filling tea of sandwiches , fruit , and pudding , elise had accompanied francesca to her suite to chat before it was time to prepare for the ball .
the housekeeper far surpassed her expectations , packing her a sack filled with an enormous chicken salad sandwich , fruit , two scones , a carton of milk , homemade oatmeal cookies , and a thermos of coffee and cream .
she 'd found plates , utensils , cups , and napkins in the kitchen and split the enormous sandwich and fruit for their lunch .
he persisted in his mission , running the moist grape against her mouth , rubbing her with the fruit , tempting her ...
he grunted in approval when she finally parted her lips enough and he pushed the fruit into her mouth , his finger lingering on her tongue .
` ` good girl , '' he teased , plucking another grape while she chewed and swallowed the sweet fruit , suddenly ravenous for more .
her eyes widened when he pushed the dusky purple fruit between her labia and pressed it against her clit , up and down , around and around .
` ` those are fruit trees at the edge of the forest , are n't they ? ''
` ` it 's just chicken , potatoes , and fruit , but we ' ve got plenty of it . ''
the fragrance of the liberated tendrils reached his nose - fruit and flowers , musky and sensual .
a waiter approached carrying sparkling fruit juice and carbonated water .
while he and captain matthews argued over how much of the tropical fruit to divvy up to the guests , i let my gaze wander outside .
tingles skipped through her bloodstream , so happily and so quickly that she barely noticed a familiar face a few shops down , watching her from the fruit stands outside a bodega .
he wandered into the open kitchen of her loft , and found the bowl of fruit on the island counter .
he found his rhythm quickly and the fruit whirred in a circle before him .
that was the reason she found herself walking past chinese grocery stores peddling odd fruit , then dim sum dealers , then sardine - sized shops that specialized in embroidered robes and dresses .
stefan 's expression had morphed into a sneer , and i walked down to the end of the bar to cut up some fruit .
i 'd passed up buying too much junk food because gemma warned me if i was going to dance , even at the carousel club , i needed to make sure i kept at my best weight , so i 'd spent most of my shopping trip in the fresh fruit and vegetables section .
fruits , vegetables , meats , breads , and desserts covered the five foot round table , leaving no room for either of us to place a plate down to eat .
i moved toward the island to grab a handful of grapes from the fruit bowl .
a tray of fruit sat next to them filled with every fruit i 'd ever heard of , except strawberries .
a tray of fruit sat next to them filled with every fruit i 'd ever heard of , except strawberries .
we 're in venice , in love , and in bed eating fruit and champagne .
i 'd gotten us caesar salads with grilled salmon , fresh fruit salad and water to drink .
i let her browbeat me into eating breakfast , at least if was just fresh fruit with muesli and fresh squeezed orange juice .
too much excitement i guess , all the same she had to have something she had n't eaten since breakfast , which had been fruit and cereal .
as i put together a salad and some fruit for her i thought of ways to keep her safe .
forty - five minutes later , justin arrived with four bags filled with fruits , vegetables and various other groceries .
ethan did n't blink an eye at the extra fruit but when jennifer , his younger sister by three years turned to whisper in her cousin 's ear , ethan slyly placed the fruit on her plate .
ethan did n't blink an eye at the extra fruit but when jennifer , his younger sister by three years turned to whisper in her cousin 's ear , ethan slyly placed the fruit on her plate .
when jennifer turned back , she noticed the fruit and looked confused , but almost immediately knew who the culprit was .
missy and kristen watched as the fruit was snuck around to the various plates , all the kids snickering about how slick they were to get rid of it .
now the essentials included a container of cheerios , fruit cut up into small , non - chokable pieces , a sippy cup and a change of clothes .
` ` not until you have some fruit , sweetie , '' she said to victoria , whose mischievous smile immediately disappeared .
` ` daddy , if you want a cinnamon roll , you have to have fruit first .
` ` do you have any fruit i could eat ? ''
` ` fruit loops , '' she said with excitement .
most of her meals were raw fruits and vegetables with some sort of lean meat , usually chicken with different spices or simmering sauces because they were fast , easy and relatively nutritious .
` ` it 's just fruit juice .
the t - shirt she was wearing was saturated with cherry fruit juice , and the smell was almost overwhelming .
great , cockblocked by a homeless guy and fruit juice .
she hesitated a moment before taking a bite from the sweet , succulent fruit .
dessert was a fruit fritter .
just like any typical english garden , it was surrounded with blooming flowers , bushes and trees with fresh fruits , especially berries .
or maybe it was the blatant fact that she was a forbidden fruit that made it difficult to resist .
doing as he requested , i made a call for room service and ordered a light meal that consisted of bread with a side of assorted jams , a fruit plate with a side of cream , different selections of cheeses , orange juice , cheese omelet , and a pot of coffee .
choosing the decadent fruits before me , i slowly transferred a few on my plate before taking a hefty dollop of cream .
we were in my bedroom , and i had just had the urgency to try on the outfit because my stomach had growled with such ferocity earlier that morning that i simply could n't resist indulging myself with a full english breakfast : half a cup of coffee , a bowl of fruit along with a bowl of freshly made cream , a pair of croissants , and a chocolate bar of my favorite chunky kitkat .
she also had petite , fresh - cut chips ; mini fruit tarts ; fresh creme ; and blueberry scones with a freshly brewed pot of tea .
david lifted the lid from the first tray , revealing the most mouth - watering platter of chopped - up fresh fruit .
the fruit was perfect , ripe and juicy , its sweetness coating my tongue .
i tasted hints of passion fruit and faint oak .
oooh , veiny forearms , and biceps like citrus fruits .
it was the kind of humiliation that must be shared in person over fermented fruit .
ian looked down at the fruit in his hands .
he handed the fruit to the stand attendant for weighing .
sam was about to ask her if she 'd maybe made a mistake on her big , huge calculator with the big , huge buttons when ian muttered , ` ` damn organic fruit . ''
at the exotic fruit stand - did they fly it in from some small hawaiian farm to this little , local farmers ' market ?
by the time they were done buying all of ian 's fruits and vegetables ( how many could he eat in a week ?
` ` jeez , you eat a lot of fruit , '' she said .
` ` fruit for the fruit . ''
` ` fruit for the fruit . ''
he came back to reality a while later when a giant basket full of fruit walked into the office , spikes of crowning pineapple glory barely clearing the door .
who 'd send him fruit ?
he called the fruit basket company - the number was printed on the back of the envelope .
as a matter of fact , as he studied the fruit basket , he did n't like it much , either .
he tossed the card back into the pile of fruit , where it landed on top of an orange before sliding down the peel to rest precariously between a kiwi and a banana .
it 's just a basket of fruit .
` ` it 's a fruit basket . ''
fluff the fruit .
just as tierney was about to blurt out , do n't worry , i totally know this is just a friend thing , i was n't thinking anything would happen , dalton asked , ` ` you did n't send me a fruit basket , did you ? ''
` ` fruit basket ? ''
` ` uh , so your anonymous fruit . ''
` ` just in case that fruit basket is n't totally innocent .
the person who 'd sent the fruit basket ?
the car dinged over and over , reminding him he 'd left his key in the ignition , while he wondered what it meant if this envelope had been left by the same person who 'd sent the fruit .
` ` someone anonymously sent me a fruit basket with a note that said , ' i ' m sorry . ' ''
first the fruit basket , then the tickets , and now this ?
that fruit basket and those tickets were from you ? ''
i probably should have hit stop , or maybe even dropped the bowl of fruit and run out of the room in total astonishment .
by the time i left my room and made my way to the kitchen to get some juice and fruit , krystal was just coming in the door .
he served us omelets with ham and cheese and hot fruit compote made with cherries , figs and hazelnuts .
we finished our omelets and he picked up my fruit cup and silently fed me .
we wandered through a wine shop and a market where we picked up some fresh fruit .
` ` i know berries and whipped cream is a bit cliche but for the life of me , i could n't think of a more sexy fruit , other than the peach between your legs . ''
i watched him suggestively work the red fruits as if his mouth was down on me .
i 'd be lying if i told you it tasted better than chocolate or fruit candy or some other incredulous stuff like that .
so i took her offer , dipping my head and partaking of her delicious fruit while letting her juices coat my lips , my tongue , my face .
` ` albert einstein said a table , a chair , a bowl of fruit , and a violin were happiness for him .
tempted by the evil beside me , the original sin ... my forbidden fruit .
~~~ three days fall off the calendar like overripe fruit thudding to the ground and still no word from mark .
by the time i ' m done he will have someone rushing to process me and i wo n't have to smell like putrid fruit to do it .
` ` is there anymore cut fruit ? ''
a fruit bowl entwined with dragons .
then he grabbed a fruit plate from the fridge and set it on the counter .
she forked in a couple of bites of fruit and wondered how often ronin brought women to his penthouse for meals .
amery stocked up on fruit , produce , noosa yogurt , deli fixings , and frozen entrees for one .
she finished just as two raps sounded on the door and sumo guy rolled in a cart loaded with pastries , fruit , and beverages .
dishes drying on the drain rack , garbage taken out , wooden fruit bowl emptied .
amery was too keyed up to politely nibble on a sandwich and a plate of fruit .
five pounds of seasonal fruit - but not all apples or pears .
amery picked up croissants and fruit tarts on the way to her place monday morning .
he had cut up some fruit and laid bacon in a pan while he figured out the egg thing .
i shuffled into the kitchen and found a single serving of fruit salad in the fridge .
i padded through the house and helped myself to a banana from the bowl of fruit in the kitchen .
the fresh aroma of strawberries mingled with the chocolate as he rested a piece of fruit on my lower lip .
` ` no one else has pulled their account since last week , so maybe risa 's grabbed all the low - hanging fruit , so to speak .
a small plate of fruit was set at my place at the island .
i stared down at my fruit , moving it around the plate .
i rolled my eyes and stabbed a piece of my fruit .
she held the fruit to his mouth .
she loaded up on fresh fruit , a few veggies .
her gaze narrowed thoughtfully on the piece of fruit .
the scent was hard to place - a mix of fruit and honey .
a moan escaped as she sucked at the fruit , greedily biting off a chunk of perfect ripeness .
the fruit flowed down her throat as she swallowed , but more juice spilled from her lips and dripped over her chin as she stole another juicy bite .
brandt plucked the fruit away , spun her around and fused their mouths together .
and then he gently pressed that squishy , sticky fruit to the top of her pubic bone until pear juice trickled down her cleft in a syrupy stream and dampened her thighs .
and since when is a cup of fruit cocktail topped with sliced bananas considered a side of fruit ? ''
and since when is a cup of fruit cocktail topped with sliced bananas considered a side of fruit ? ''
their housing setup had a commune - like vibe - from the individual cabins spread out from the new main structure , to the acres of gardens , the chicken coops , the animal pens , the dairy cows , the bee hives and the fruit trees .
` ` i ' m about to check my fruit trees to see how close i am to harvest . ''
` ` these are considered old fruit trees .
` ` but when it does bear fruit ? ''
i sell the fruit to locals or find some use for it in my own cooking and canning .
the fruit does n't get big , and it tastes like a cross between a blueberry and a strawberry . ''
` ` wyomingites wo n't spend that on a beer , let alone on a tiny piece of fruit .
my understanding is the chef slices a single fruit and plates it with single curls of white , dark and milk chocolate and charges twenty - five bucks for it . ''
you 're letting me try a six dollar piece of fruit ? ''
curling his fingers around it , he tugged and promptly handed the fruit to her as if it was a bomb .
rielle held the fruit between her thumb and forefinger .
normally she limited herself to the damaged or near rotten fruit , not the perfect ones such as this .
` ` of this fruit ? ''
` ` how do you harvest all that fruit ? ''
` ` not all the fruit is ripe at the same time so it varies .
` ` because i volunteer my services as a fruit picker . ''
all the while these kids were dropping potato chips and fruit and spilling ranch dressing on the rugs .
if we did n't get a good harvest - whether it was veggies , fruit , honey - then we 'd have a lean winter , finance - wise and food - wise . ''
sometimes the same jeans or shorts she 'd worn picking fruit or veggies .
` ` want fruit too ? ''
off to the left were half a dozen fruit trees , the bottom of the trunks painted white , which was weird .
` ` i hardly think me checking out the varieties of seasonal fruit and vegetables in arizona could be considered working . ''
it 's the whole forbidden fruit shit that 's convinced you it 's love and not lust . ''
but that 's what he got for trying to eat something healthy ; eggs and toast and fruit gifted him with heartburn .
` ` this morning i bring you meat and cheese with your yogurt and fruit .
the forbidden fruit i ' ve never been able to leave alone , however much it cost me . ''
josie took in the overturned bowl of fruit on the counter and the several jars on the floor at beau 's feet , and immediately figured out what was going on .
breads , pastries , smoked meats , savory pies , fresh fruit , and an assortment of teas , all set up like a colorful brochure for greek brunch on a white table standing between two sea blue rattan chairs .
it still amazed her that she had found his small , secret stash of fresh fruit in the bottom drawer of his refrigerator .
the highest form of forbidden fruit .
amanda aside , only fruits and nuts come out of my family tree .
it was made up of all these exotic veggies and fruit and looked really tasty .
but she was a squire , completely forbidden fruit , and the last thing he needed was to be physical with a human he had feelings for .
i personally like to avoid most children , since they 're rude , ill - mannered , and usually smell like freaky kinds of juice and mixed fruit . ''
in truth , we 'd spent the entire morning there , laughing and sampling the gardener 's prized fruit .
as acheron reached for a piece of fruit , she took his hand and laughed .
she pointed at her dressing table where a plate of fruit , bread and cheese rested .
scowling even more , he opened it to find a yellow sticky fruit substance .
ever since then , he 'd despised the fruit .
the lure of the forbidden fruit .
kindness is a rotten fruit that poisons anyone who partakes of it .
there was also an abundance of fresh fruit and wine .
she 'd been living on the fruit , but that had n't been enough to really satisfy her .
here i was stressing out over whether i should go to cancun or rio for spring break while he was sneaking fruit into his backpack so that he 'd have something to eat over the weekend rather than starve .
yea , let each warrior cling unto a wife , that his seed may bear fruit and our race prevail .
` ` i value my body parts highly and none of them will breech the no - fly zone for the most precious fruit of your loins .
she 'd just finished when thia entered the tent with a small bowl of fruit .
sumi looked down at the fruit as her own tears choked her .
sumi sighed as she picked through the fruit .
` ` i wish i could be more on darice 's side , but given his attitude ... '' he handed her a bottle of water as he sat down beside her and opened a bag of dried fruit .
clearing his throat , he picked through the fruit in his bag until he found a friggle .
he offered her the fruit .
orinthe reached up on a shelf and brought out a bowl of fruit and a covered plate of pastries .
he helped jana carry the rest of his fruit out of the room .
using her powers , she summoned him a platter of meat , cheese , and fruit .
you make me sound like fresh fruit that gets damaged in shipment . ''
breaking off a banana , he held this one toward her in offering , but not close enough for the fruit or his hand to pass through the barrier .
except for occasional stops to drink from a coconut or eat fruit , she trudged silently through vegetation so thick that getting through felt like wrestling a gorilla .
a platter of fresh fruit , her favorite yogurt and granola appeared , plus a polished wood table and two comfortable chairs .
so close to taking fruit .
maybe there 'd even be fruit growing nearby that the little sorceress would actually eat .
pitha fruit . ''
he pulled the fruit down for her , scenting it .
when a breeze blew , rustling all the flowers , she set down her finished fruit .
she 'd been stockpiling fruit , surprisingly tasty breads , and divine cheeses - for just such an occasion .
their forgotten fruit stands out in gruesome contrast to the frost - covered vines , like little shriveled hearts draped over a blanket of white .
in the entryway ( there 's an entryway ) , and tucked next to a decadent fruit basket and a complimentary bottle of champagne , there 's a note .
` ` overpriced , watered - down alcohol , probably with some questionable fruit .
i smell bread , and fruit , and the sweet nectar of the gods : i have n't had coffee in days .
in the kitchen , i see ansel has left me breakfast : a fresh baguette , butter , jam , and fruit .
i bite into the fruit , smile as he packs us a picnic , and follow him back into the bedroom to watch him dress .
and i do n't like dried fruit . ''
the smell of ashes and smoke hung heavy on the air , familiar to her from the last time she was here - but there was something else underlying those smells , a heavier , thicker stench , like rotting fruit .
the smell of rotting fruit grew stronger as they reached the end of the stairs and found themselves in another long tunnel .
there was a bowl of fruit on the table - oranges , apples , and pears - and a loaf of thick bread along with butter and cheese , and a plate beside it of what looked like ... cookies ?
she scrabbled for the fruit bowl , but it suddenly did n't seem like enough .
it sank into the behemoth 's back with a sound like overripe fruit being stepped on .
he shrugged , and picked up a piece of fruit at random .
` ` do you really think isabelle wants to smell like a dried fruit plate ? ''
she took a bite of the fruit , remembering .
a massive dinner of extravagant levels followed , consisting of juicy fruits i did n't even know existed , tangy and sweet meats , and a salad that filled the biggest bowl i 'd ever seen .
` ` fruit punch .
he had a fruit punch box in his hands .
luc folded his arms behind his head , and i had no idea where his fruit box had gone .
juice or some fruit ? ''
miles does nt even have a fruit bowl .
forbidden fruit .
days - old lemons being used , fruit juice beyond the expiration dates , and a whole slew of other grossness went on .
i had n't seen fruit flies or small critter droppings , which were unfortunately commonplace in bars .
` ` i have fruit punch , too .
` ` figured you could use a drink of the fruit punch kind . ''
slowly , i lifted my fruit punch and took a huge gulp .
i raised my fruit punch and took another drink while there was a flutter in my stomach .
and she sure as hell never got to drink fruit punch in my bed . ''
he reached between us , took my fruit punch , and placed it on the nightstand .
harlow grant brought a tray of fruit and cheese into the bathroom , along with sparkling water .
ducking back to avoid being seen , i watched through the crack as they quietly went about their business : the women carrying baskets of various fruits , the men dragging wood toward the fire pit , all of them glancing frequently in my direction .
placing the bowls of fruit down on the ground , i dropped to my hands and knees and pointed at the bowl .
flustered , i picked up the bowls of fruit and rushed back to the hut .
i exclaimed , grinning , as i placed the fruit down beside julian .
* * * i hardly noticed the young , mousy servant - the one viggo had leered at the other night - sneak in to the glass room with a large silver tray of sandwiches and fruit .
before i could tell her i 'd rather eat glass than food , a plate of fresh fruit and pastries materialized in front of me .
i ' m not sure if he 's bothered by my question but , judging by the proud grin on his face , i ' m pretty sure his ` ` pick my oranges '' reference has nothing to do with fruit .
` ` you have a good eye for picking fruit . ''
i watch her pick through the tree for a moment , observing how swiftly she zeros in and plucks the ripe fruit , as if she could do this in her sleep .
who knew picking fruit could be so strenuous ?
ben 's arms fall from me as he steps forward to stand in front of a tree , reaching for some ripe fruit on a high branch that i ca n't reach .
she asks , joining in to test and pull some fruit off the lower branches .
her voice trails off as she blushes , her fingers stretched over multiple pieces of fruit as she strolls over to a crate to gently lay them in .
there 're plenty of ripe fruit within her reach .
the entire morris clan plus affiliates were there , grazing off a table laden with pastries and fresh fruit and deliciously scented coffee .
amber got some fruit and yogurt ... juice ... '' she adds absently , ` ` if it had been jesse stocking this , you 'd be living off frozen pizzas and coke . ''
what about fruit ? ''
and i decide that blueberries are my favorite fruit , too .
you got me to eat fruit .
now all i see in the fridge is fresh fruit and vegetables , some high - end cheeses , yogurt , and weird - colored bread .
even though she said she was n't hungry , i load a plate up with some fruit and cheese and yogurt .
it would never have been a word they would have used in those times , when the springs of the island were warm , and the fruit fell from the trees .
we had fruit trees all around the landing then , before the wisteria got them like a giant boa constrictor , you know , and blackberries ?
you ca n't put an egg in fruit juice . ''
the car turned off into the weald , into the high dark trees , a mixture of beech and oak it seemed , with even some light flowering fruit trees that he could not clearly see .
he wanted to stand here , to see this - this serene lake , to his right , water interrupted and framed now by the delicate fruit trees with their pale , fluttering flowers .
there was a great roasted boar 's head , with the apple in its mouth , and the suckling pig surrounded by fruit on its steaming silver platter .
and once again , they gathered around a table , only this time it was very low , and set out with a dozen or more little offerings of cheeses and nuts and fruits and breads that they might eat as the hours passed .
the air was moist always , the trees that grew about our little lakes and riverets immense , the ferns also of gigantic size , and the fruit of all kinds and colors - mangos , pears , melons of all sizes - always abundant , and the cliffs hung with vines of wild berry and grape , and the grass forever thick and green .
the best fruit was pears , which are nearly white .
never did people quarrel over fruit or eggs or milk animals .
one could gather eggs , fruit , dance , sing .
i discerned patterns in things which others did not notice , that certain mussels in the warm pools grew faster when the sun shone on the pools , and that some mushrooms thrived best in the dark days , and i liked to invent systems - such as simple lifts of vines and twig baskets , by which fruit could be sent down from the tops of trees .
we taste the fruit ; we hear the singing ; we can raise our voices and make the singing .
and the dark car sped out of the multishaded gloom , leaving behind the somber corner and its regal house , the great leafy branches holding darkness like ripe fruit beneath the violet sky , the car a projectile destined for the green heart of the world , carrying them inside it , the two , male and female , together .
the table was laid with roast pork and fowl , fruit in big glistening silver bowls , and immediately the king stood in the door , dressed in his heavy ceremonial robes , a gold crown atop his head as he bowed to the prince and waited for the command to enter .
he had placed some fruit on his plate , and other hot morsels of cooked food , and now he snapped his fingers gently and in a whisper told beauty to come around the table to him .
he ate heartily , pork , roast fowl , some fruit , and several cups of wine .
he gave her bits of cheese and more fruit , and she heard him give some little sound of satisfaction .
there was a shriek of laughter nearby and then she saw before her a long banquet table covered with sweets , fruit and pastries .
she tested beauty 's thighs in the same manner , and then pushed beauty 's knees so far apart and high on the bed that beauty 's hips rose and she felt she was squatting , sprawled apart , over the coverlet , her sex protruding , hanging down , her bu**ocks surely split so that she resembled a ripe fruit .
but the most startling detail of all was the body of a naked princess swaying beneath the sign , bound with her ankles and her wrists together on a leather chain , so that she hung like ripe fruit from the shingle , her naked red sex painfully exposed .
prince roger 's strange little story beauty was lifted to her feet roughly by mistress lockley , who , twisting beauty 's wrists behind her back , forced her out the back door into a large grassy yard of heavy - limbed fruit trees .
two others on all fours bore baskets full of fruit on their backs as they hurried at a fast trot through a doorway .
and when the paddler raised his leather weapon now to signal the punishment was at an end , the poor prince , his body convulsing , his face twisted and wet , was pelted with soft bits of fruit and refuse .
` ` a soft mouth will take that piece of fruit firmly in its teeth and deposit it there in the basket as the other slaves are doing and never leave the slightest teeth marks on it , '' she said .
and when mistress lockley looked straight at her , beauty leaned her head forward tentatively for the bit of wet fruit , shivering as the fingers stroked her sore ni**les .
but i knew we were already on his land , and we walked over the grass , through the fruit trees , and towards the nearby hills that were densely covered in forest .
you 'll be harnessed to pull a good - sized basket of fruit back to my town house , and i want to be done with all that so that by high noon when the crowd is at its daytime thickest you can be punished on the public turntable . ''
the earrings dangled from the tiny burning wounds and the pain dissolved as she felt her legs drawn apart and a bowl of brightly colored , glistening fruits was held above her .
and she saw that he was taking the fruit from the bowl - dates , pieces of melon and peach , tiny pears , dark red berries - and that he was carefully dipping each piece in a silver cup of honey .
her legs were stretched wide apart and she realized the honeyed fruit was being placed inside of her .
she was filled with the fruit .
the music grew louder as she was carried up the steps , the walls of her sex clamping against the enormous filling of fruit , the honey and the juices trickling out of her .
she thought , the fruit swelling against the stricture of her heated vagina .
with an almost savage gesture , tristan gnawed at the dressing of fruit , the soft pressure of his jaws against her pubis maddening her .
tristan 's mouth ground deeper into her , teeth biting at her clitoris , licking it , as he extracted more of the fruit .
` ` it is absolutely out of the question that you do not distinguish yourselves , that after one glimpse of you the great luminaries of this house do not reach out to pluck you like ripe fruit , that they do not compliment me upon your loveliness , your heat , your silent , ravening passion . ''
bowls of fruit were being set down .
and smell the green grass right under my head , and smell the fruit , and the strong aroma of roasted meat and sweet aromatic spices .
the naked and dusty farm slaves pushed indifferently past us , unloading the cart , then piling it high with fruit and vegetables for market .
the wharves were heaped with stacks of luggage and all sorts of boxes and cargo , even mounds of fruit and vegetables wilting and dissolving in the rain .
carriages rolled side by side with costermongers ' carts piled high with fruit and vegetables ; women shawled and carrying shallow baskets full of flowers dived madly in and out of traffic as they tried to interest the occupants of various carriages in their wares ; and cabs came to a full stop in the midst of traffic so that the cabdrivers could scream at one another out their windows .
6 strange earth we must not look at goblin men , we must not buy their fruits : who knows upon what soil they fed their hungry thirsty roots ?
8 camille fruits fail and love dies and time ranges ; thou art fed with perpetual breath , and alive after infinite changes , and fresh from the kisses of death ; of langours rekindled and rallied , of barren delights and unclean , things monstrous and fruitless , a pallid and poisonous queen .
it peeled away like the skin of a fruit , tessa 's nails scraping against the metal beneath with a harshness that sent shivers up her spine .
i got out two plates and a bowl of mixed fruit .
the hamburgers were good , and i managed to eat mine and some fruit salad , too .
as i turned to trudge inside - through some extraordinarily green grass - i noticed that my three tomato plants , which i 'd put in weeks ago , were heavily laden with ripe red fruit .
now all three plants were lush and green - leafed , sagging against their frames with the sheer weight of the fruit .
everything that was supposed to be blooming was laden with brilliant flowers , and everything that was supposed to bear fruit was heavy with it .
though it was delightful to see the yard blooming and bearing fruit and being green , i found myself thinking i would have traded all the plants in the yard for one really good protection spell .
i put out all the fruit i had , for the healthy minded .
i could smell the sweetness as she cut out the fruit and diced it .
insects hummed and buzzed , and the stackhouse yard bloomed and bloomed with flowers and fruit and all sorts of vegetation .
mr . bromios had set up a wine - tent and was selling wines and pasties to the village folk , who were often tempted by the foods being sold by the folk from beyond the wall but had been told by their grandparents , who had got it from their grandparents , that it was deeply , utterly wrong to eat fairy food , to eat fairy fruit , to drink fairy water and sip fairy wine .
he exchanged his cambric handkerchief for a bottle of elderflower cordial , a round of green cheese and a number of unfamiliar fruits : they were soft and fuzzy , like apricots , but were the purple - blue of grapes , and they smelled a little like ripe pears ; also the woman gave him a small bale of hay , for the unicorn .
he walked back to the meadow where he had left them , munching on a piece of the fruit , which was juicy , and chewy and quite sweet .
the captain gave tristran a leather shoulder - bag filled with dried meats and fruits and fragments of tobacco , a knife and a tinderbox ( ` ` oh , it 's no bother , lad .
tristran ate fruit and nuts from bushes and trees and he drank from clear streams .
he offered her a clear plastic cup layered with colorful alternating stripes of yogurt and fruit .
trying to ignore the discomfort , she scooped up a spoonful of yogurt , fruit , and granola , her brows drawing together .
she slipped a spoonful of yogurt and fruit in her mouth , her mind filled with purple ?
low - hanging fruit .
` ` low - hanging fruit , '' riora had said .
you 're forbidden fruit to us as well , if that 's your attraction to her . ''
the shelves were divided in half , with his blood on one side and her juices , leftovers , and fruit on the other .
valkyrie are infertile if they do n't consume the fruits of the earth .
maybe fruit cocktail ?
he cast an irritated glance at the plate , filled with fruits and vegetables , with no meat to be found .
` ` i ' ve always been of the mind that tomatoes were the fruit of the devil , '' he said .
` ` no fruit but for the pixy there , '' i quipped , pointing at jenks only to have him flip me off , ` ` but i do have a lethal - magic detection earth - magic amulet and a high - magic detection ley - line charm on my bag here . ''
there were fruit and cold cuts laid out , and bread - fresh , by the smell of it .
if you do n't want cold cuts or fruit , i ' ve got milk duds . ''
` ` rachel , '' she said , leaning back in her chair with her glass , ` ` do you enjoy looking like a rung - climbing peon who has to sacrifice the fruits of her ovaries to have status in a man 's world ? ''
sure enough , the robe - bedecked , extravagant civil servant gone tent restaurateur elegantly touched his lips to her fingers before gesturing for more fruit and cheese .
humanity owed its continued existence to us inderlanders coming out of the closet to keep society intact as plague swept through their genome , killing everyone who had eaten the lethal fruit .
i paused just past the threshold to take in the familiar tables and booths , and the weird pictures of babies dressed up as fruit and flowers .
it was n't that i did n't appreciate camping out at trent 's apartments , watching his big - screen tv and raiding his fridge for fresh fruit and pudding , but i had stuff to do , stuff that i could get done while ray napped .
koldo caught the fruit and bit into the juicy center .
koldo finished off the fruit .
and behind the lush green leaves and plump pieces of fruit , she could see several mountains and even a volcano blowing thick smoke through the air .
` ` you should eat the fruit , '' a male voice said , and laila issued another groan .
she 'd have to send the girls a fruit basket .
most food was synthetic , most meat was from cloned animals , and even fruit was somehow a copy of the real deal .
without a word and without a glance in my direction , she placed a tray piled high with fruits and wine atop the desk , the sweet scent of melon wafting all around her , then sprinted from the room .
would he have hidden the necklace in a fruit bowl ?
he lifted the white stone fruit bowl .
he popped a fruit into his mouth and chewed .
i grabbed a piece of fruit without targon germs and shoved it into my mouth .
he toppled backward , dropping the fruit bowl with a clang .
the air held no scents of home , no baked breads or pies , no fruits or perfumes .
women loved temptation ... forbidden fruit .
trees had been lush , real fruit available for purchase on every street corner .
like when he 'd given her the necklace and then that basket of fruit .
over silly little pieces of fruit .
the scent of food - fruits and nuts , no meats or spices , thank god - came with her .
once you tasted the forbidden fruit , you would always crave more .
he stuffed sweet , juicy clumps of fruit down her throat , and she somehow found the energy to slap him for being such a turd about it .
in the hotel 's kitchen he acquired chicken and rice for her and fruit for himself , and snagged a clean uniform from the stack in back , being sure to leave enough money behind to more than cover the cost of both the food , the clothing and the room itself .
he was n't gone long , ten minutes at the most , yet he returned carrying a sack overflowing with breads , cheeses and fruits .
by the time they reached her brother 's home , she 'd managed to choke down half the fruit .
melted honey , summer fruit .
breads , cheeses , fruits .
you would do well to send thane a fruit basket in thanks for his part in your liberation . ''
the fruits , cheeses , and breads he always kept on hand , now mixed with the chocolates he 'd added to the order .
from the fruits and vegetables hawked in one alley to the living flesh hawked in the other .
he grabbed the empty fruit bowl and held it out .
because she smelled like fruit , he wanted to hurt her ?
he slammed a fist into the tree , knocking several pieces of red fruit to the ground .
merchants were out in force , selling everything from fruit and vegetables to flimsy scarves to doorknobs .
vaulted ceilings , a granite island counter , modern appliances , baskets of fruit hanging from wall hooks .
last time danika had stayed here , she 'd plowed through a bowl of the fruit in minutes .
from fruits to meats to bags of chips .
normally he only ate fruits , nuts and vegetables .
without opening her eyes , she popped one of the fruits into her mouth , chewed .
by telling him to stay away from her , she 'd surely become the forbidden fruit .
that was why baskets of fruits and breads were brought to her once a week - along with lectures about her many failures .
maybe because sabin had made her the forbidden fruit , constantly commanding the demon to stay away from her .
breads , meats , fruits and vegetables abounded .
finally , she did vomit , emptying her stomach of the heavenly fruits she 'd consumed just that morning .
one by one ( handful ) , she popped the delicious fruit into her mouth , savoring , moaning her satisfaction .
a dresser littered with bowls of fruit .
the fruits and nuts and crisp , clean water had somehow curbed her hunger completely , strengthening her in a way she could n't explain .
` ` i wish the pack had sandwiches and fruit . ''
he had been in the process of biting into the fruit .
` ` for years , i could not conceive , and so i prayed and prayed , beseeching the gods to bless my barren body with fruit .
the goddess would bless the mother 's womb , and that womb would bear fruit .
somehow i do n't think a fruit basket wil do the trick .
every year kaia mailed juliette a fruit basket with a ` ` sorry about your consort '' card , and every year the basket was returned with rotten apple cores , black banana peels and a picture of juliette flipping her off with ` ` die , whore , die '' written in blood somewhere .
because once a man tasted the forbidden fruit , he would go back for more .
kaia had decided then and there that peaches were the most disgusting fruit ever , and the world would be a better place without them .
how many fruit baskets had she sent ?
every time she had sent a fruit basket to juliette , she had referenced the past - but in her mind , she had offered the apology because of what she planned do in the future .
he grabbed one of white 's grapes and tossed the little fruit in his mouth .
the red fruit hit his shoulder , causing tink to chuckle .
a man will eat the fruit of his own way . ''
you had to wait and watch for the fruit .
midday , she began to pull weeds from the garden , pluck the vegetables that were mature enough , and pick fruit from the trees .
sighing , vika dumped the fruit and veggies into the sink and began to wash them .
a tall , muscled man stepped from the center , and she launched the fruit .
the little green fruit sailed through eden 's now laughing image .
she was so happy , in fact , that she mixed up her favorite fruit smoothie and offered everyone a glass .
however , she managed to find fruits and nuts to eat , as well as small , thin twigs and mint leaves .
now that her appetite had reasserted itself , she 'd been forced to exist on only fruits and nuts .
she 'd tasted the forbidden fruit , was addicted just as she 'd suspected , and she needed more .
afterward , nicolai foraged for fruits and nuts to tide her over .
they fed him tiny pieces of fruit , caressed him , doted on him , laughed at his coarse teasing .
she 'd learned that they had greenhouses and other places that were able to grow the fruits from her world .
his notebook had reminded him that my favorite fruit was strawberry .
the first article accuses abnegation of withholding luxuries like cars and fresh fruit from the other factions in order to force their belief in self - denial on everyone else .
and maybe it would be nice if we had more cars and ... fresh fruit and ... '' ` ` you do realize there 's no secret warehouse where all that stuff is kept , right ? ''
dark fruit hangs among the leaves , ready to drop .
nickelback 's ` ` burn it to the ground '' came on , and lexi and rubi started singing along , dancing at the counter as they continued to cut fruit .
rubi picked up two handfuls of strawberries and added them to the colorful fruit salad .
she laughed out the title , ` ` forbidden fruit ? ''
` ` i was expecting apple - forbidden fruit and all . ''
` ` some say pomegranate was the real fruit adam gave eve in the garden . ''
` ` check out an ied threat in a vendor 's fruit stand .
they passed a fruit stand on the left .
you need to see fruit to remind you of summer when i ' m cooking in my own skin ? ''
ryker was thrown back into the fruit stand .
he found dog first , the top half of his body strewn across a vendor 's shattered fruit cart , the bottom half twisted in the road surrounded by a pool of blood .
ryker crawled over rubble and smashed fruit and unidentifiable debris to reach mike .
a few pieces of bright , juicy fruit rounded out the meal .
we crawled under the blanket , finished the last of our chicken and fruit , and then laid back and stared up at the brilliant stars overhead .
low - hanging fruit first .
i knew it was wrong , and when the man in the fruit section gave me half a banana , i cried and told him i was sorry .
i put down the fruit i was chopping and stepped back , patting my face gingerly with both hands .
i worried that one day i 'd slip up and grab for some low - hanging fruit rather than chase around a girl who seemed ambivalent toward me .
instead , i said , ` ` these suckers are made from fruit juice . ''
just silly stuff , like flowers and fruit , but it 's fun .
in these times , the humans ' idea of a celebration consisted of killing something large , roasting it on a fire , and getting hammered on fermented fruit juice .
hundreds of acres of rolling hills , thousands of vines bursting with grapes , fountains , fruit trees , and a beautiful rose garden in the back .
i was about to turn back , but caught a whiff of exotic flowers , fresh ocean air , sunshine , and fruit .
my preference is tropical fruit .
did n't he have any junk food ? fruit , yogurt , soy cheese - ick , and ... hmmm , okay .
and a fruit basket .
but instead of fruit , i want it filled with bagged blood .
did you really think we could make love and not bear fruit ? ''
holding fruit , surfing , doing laundry , cooking .
when i finally emerged from the bathroom , i found a large plate of bread , cheese , and fresh fruit laid out on the table .
i mean who tries to compare the destruction of western civilization with rotting fruit and say it with a straight face ?
something called assiette de fruits et fondue de brie , which was only fruit and baked cheese with crackers .
something called assiette de fruits et fondue de brie , which was only fruit and baked cheese with crackers .
theo scooped some fruit onto my plate .
daniel joked , jabbing his fork into his fruit cup .
caroline sits at our round table , dressed to the tens as she picks suspiciously at the remains of her fruit plate .
abandoning the fruit altogether , she crosses her tan legs and sets to picking invisible lint off of her outfit .
after caroline returns to inspecting her fruit , my father lowers the corner of his newspaper and winks at me , his traditional bonding gesture .
luckily , they seem oblivious to any tension as they argue about the sex of various fruits .
marisabel stands beside him , trying so hard to look innocent that she might as well stick her head up in the air and whistle , and violet continues to study the five food groups display so james will see that she has moved on to better things , apparently fruits and vegetables .
grimacing , i attempted to turn back to my fruit selection , but my intrigue was too great .
elizabeth shifted to her knees and began unpacking the picnic basket , sandwiches wrapped in plastic , whole pieces of fruit , bottles of soda and water .
it whipped around us while we shared our meal of fruit and cheese and champagne in smal plastic cups over timid smiles of expectation .
` ` the guys having the fruit war ? ''
` ` unless you want to wear fruit juice home every day . ''
apple pulp covered the chess club boy 's hair and shoulders , while the remainder of the offending fruit rolled around on the ground just near his feet .
you should avoid revenge throws when it comes to fruit at this school , '' emily warned .
sam waltzed past , grabbing an apple from the fruit bowl .
i picked at the plump , round fruit , while david plucked the strings ; the squared tips of his fingers finding the notes so effortlessly , as if he knew every one like his own flesh .
some say lilith acted as the snake that conned eve into tasting the forbidden fruit , also known as the- ? ''
i threw pieces of fruit at mike while he prepared food and we talked about old times , movies , music , home , and it was easy - for a moment .
` ` the snake is said to represent the original lilith - the one who conned eve into eating the fruit of wisdom . ''
` ` well , legend has it - according to the lilithian 's version - that the original lilith stole a seed from the fruit of wisdom and carried it away .
one day , she decided to plant it - to profit from its fruit and its knowledge .
this was believed to have been a punishment for deceiving eve - convincing her to eat the fruit of wisdom . ''
it tasted divine - like forbidden fruit with the creamy sap of the world 's truth .
` ` well , aside from being so old her skin is as thin as paper , her soul is also demented from the inside out , like rotting fruit , ara , '' jase said .
my brother clearly had never done this to her before , and as my tongue slipped inside , like she was some soft , ripe fruit , tasting the milky smooth sweetness of this girl i 'd loved for so , so long , she moaned , crying out my name .
david turned and dragged me along behind him , snatching a red , shiny piece of fruit from a bowl as we hurried out the doors by the fireplace , the painted lilith looking down on me like she found it all so amusing .
mom throws random fruits and vegetables into the food processor in the kitchen and pretends she 's making a random fruit - and - vegetable puree , when we all know she 's just trying to be louder than the banging below her .
mom throws random fruits and vegetables into the food processor in the kitchen and pretends she 's making a random fruit - and - vegetable puree , when we all know she 's just trying to be louder than the banging below her .
she does n't just turn pages in magazines , make pretend fruit puree , and fast - walk to meditate , and there are no handmade centerpieces .
when we get home , he gives me a bowl of dried fruit and granola and a glass of milk .
there 's silence on the phone , and i munch on the dried fruit dad gave me .
i go to the kitchen and fix myself a plate of cheese and fruit .
she thinks i ' m a yoga mat and a bowl of granola and fresh fruit .
dee and i are washing fruits and vegetables .
i will spend the next half hour sticking the pieces of fruit with toothpicks , dipping them and laying them on waxed paper .
we wash and chop fruit together and grunt occasionally .
we have omelets for brunch and a bowl of fresh fruit .
it turns out adam picks up most of our fruit and vegetables from local farm stands nearby , which is plenty eco - friendly for me , and as for the rest of it ... well , chalky tofu is no match for susie 's corn fritters .
` ` this has fruit ! ''
grace - seated beside her , stealing mango from her restorative fruit platter - rolled her eyes .
back at the compound , grace found dakota helping to set the outdoor table for breakfast - swatting away rosita 's protests as he ferried fruit bowls and clean silverware from the kitchen .
what had started with neat paintings of fruit in bowls and the bay at dusk had , over the years , spiraled into something wildly abstract , every canvas more obscure than the last .
as they heaved their goods past her into the flat , alice caught a glimpse of piles of fresh fruit and vegetables - enough to feed an entire family .
her life , according to the dense print of her debit statements , was painfully predictable : her penchant for marks and spencer meal deals , bought at the station on her way home from work twice a week ; the lunch trip to the deli , always resulting in a salad and single piece of fruit ; the collection of toiletries she 'd buy fortnightly in boots , gradually accruing her meaningless loyalty points .
the mustachioed policeman was replaced by a baby - faced trainee , who added a scratchy blanket to her haul and provided a tray of coffee , yogurt , and a halfhearted fruit cup .
there were fresh raspberries in the fruit bowl , and , mmm , peaches too .
now , plans : she could pack some of the fruit to eat at work , and was that cold chicken in the fridge for a sandwich ?
* * * by the time the film was finished , they 'd worked their way through a large portion of the vodka , with the help of a carton of sugary fruit juice she dug from a back cupboard .
alice finished her cocktail , plucking out the wedge of fruit that adorned its sugared rim .
outside , she could see a square of overgrown garden , dense and green with bushes and even a few fruit trees .
an apple rolled my way and kaspar poured water from the kettle into a mug , a cup of tea following the fruit .
every day , a new box of fruit and vegetables was delivered to our door from the local organic farm ; the countertops were brand - new , replacing the old ones which were barely a year old .
with that , he bit down into the flesh of the fruit , tearing a strip of peel away and finishing the job with his hands .
next to the vase was a hamper of goodies , chocolate and fresh fruit mainly , and wrapped in lilac tissue were sets upon sets of linen , golden and threaded with beautiful patterns that i thought might be a coat of arms , but i did n't dare unfold the beautiful origami presentation to check .
inside , the passage was bare and clinical , piled with crates of fruit on the left side .
a miniature christmas tree stood in one corner near the balcony doors , and a fruit basket of festive treats sat on the dresser opposite the bed .
at the next station , a bowl of fruit sat on the table , and the same marlin .44 special was being reloaded .
` ` nothing like taking shots at a couple fruits , huh garrett ? ''
determined not to dwell on what he was doing as he headed toward the mark in the sand , zane took a deep breath , exhaled , and tossed the fruit , pulling up the rifle and shooting .
i pause at the fruit bar .
a series of stained - glass windows filter in a defused rainbow of light , each with its own intricate mosaic - one of a woman down on her knees before a pack of wolves , one of a man with his face and body comprised of fruits and vegetables , and another of a couple with an infinity symbol above their heads .
i take in the peach tile counter , the border wallpaper printed with fruit that repeats its pattern all the length of the kitchen .
if i could go back i would appreciate things a whole lot more , savor ally 's body like it was the most exotic fruit , the last bite of my entire existence .
` ` i ca n't enjoy the fruit of your lips ? ''
i do n't question michelle 's aversion to the perversely shaped fruit or wonder how that story begins and ends .
partake of her , taste and see the goodness that comes from the fruit of my labor . ''
` ` the fruit of the rose family can be lethal .
` ` to the fruit of your loins , long may they prosper . ''
it 's beautiful here , air perfumed with honeysuckle , streets that shimmer like glitter - a river bisects from the exit of the throne room down as far as the eye can see with fruit trees lining either side of the water .
technically i ' ve already done that , and i happen to be glaring at the fruit of my labor right this very minute .
a scene appears , a familiar stream , a row of trees so gloriously tall , healthy leaves as wide as your hand , fruit on every bough .
they exchange a passionate gaze while enjoying the fruit of a stolen moment .
` ` it 's forbidden , yet is the treasure trove of pleasure and fruit .
` ` yeah , well , when you bite your fake girlfriend 's neck like it 's a piece of juicy fruit , that 's what you get .
its inky fruit dots the canopy of branches as the lavender night sky peeks between the leaves .
the mortuary in general is n't the best place to whip up a fruit salad , but who am i to school a sector on culinary hygiene ?
a small army of waitresses hustle and bustle in tiny black skirts , carrying out dish after exotic dish , fussing over the ornate fruit arrangements in this magical culinary display .
i ask mom while plucking a banana out of the fruit bowl .
i keep my eyes closed - enjoy the fruit of his mouth as he continues us over to the bathroom .
` ` market , '' marshall points over to baskets brimming with fruits and vegetables laid out in rows on a stand .
i pick up fruits and vegetables from the farmers market of horror and bolt back to the haunted mansion marshall has me holed up in .
we walk past rows and rows of trees all bearing bulbous ornaments of exotic fruit in every hue and every shape .
` ` yup , '' i say , albeit less enthused as i snatch a freckled banana out of the fruit bowl .
i make myself a cup of coffee and pluck a banana from the fruit bowl .
` ` i ran my fingers through his esophagus like it was rotten fruit .
she stops cutting her fruit and walks over at an uneven clip with the knife still in her hand .
` ` fruit of the spirit in concentrate .
once again he 's the forbidden fruit , not just according to the countenance , but according to logan himself .
i ca n't enjoy the fruit of your lips ? ''
i make a mad dash up the porch and spill half the contents of a bag full of loose fruit .
who puts loose fruit in a paper bag ?
i toss the fruit in a glass bowl mom has set out with a few heavily puckered apples already in it .
it even has its own biosphere with an eco - forest , complete with subtropical fruits indigenous to parts of the world , i ' m pretty sure i 'll never visit .
she paints my soul with rainbows , rivers and streams , the fruit of heaven .
13 centripetal force stevie the olive tree that 's planted dead center of my grandmother 's front yard is dotted with its wrinkled , necrotic fruit .
society is sick as f**k , but do n't you worry your pretty little head , you fit right in , '' i say as she unearths the fruit 's true phallic form , complete with ridges and what looks like a vein running down the middle , a tip that looks more like a crown .
maybe i am the forbidden fruit , but at this point , reese is too , and if all we get is this one quick burst in our lives , i plan on enjoying the hell out of it .
hell , i 'd like to take a bite and see just how sweet that fruit really is .
something tells me the psychotic fruit did n't fall far from the tree .
` ` the mystery ingredient is fruit ! ''
* * * ` ` so , looks like fried chicken and potato salad , homemade rolls , and fruit . ''
josh replaces the lid on the fruit and throws it in the cooler .
i find a bunch of fruit , cheeses , sliced meat and crackers and pile it all on a plate .
he pulls out a fruit salad , sub sandwiches , and hummus and crackers .
he passes me the fruit and pops a cracker full of hummus in his mouth .
` ` i hope you like french toast , bacon , fruit and coffee . ''
there are also large fruit trees for shade .
there are large helpings of pancakes , bacon , eggs and fruit .
` ` here , cut up some fruit . ''
i wander back to the fruit and pluck a grape from the stem .
grabbing another strawberry , i look in his eyes , bite my lip , and swirl the red fruit around my nipples , making them pucker .
i pull the strawberry up my chest , against my skin , over my chin and push it into my mouth , enjoying the sweet juiciness of the fruit .
i kiss his cheek and resume cutting up the fruit .
even in the fall , when most of the flowers have died , and the leaves are turning , it 's a sight to behold with paths and benches and fruit trees .
the guys help her set bowls of salads and fruits on the long buffet table next to the house , while steven piles steak and chicken on platters .
he 's in the kitchen , adding fruit to two small bowls .
he hands me the fruit bowls , grabs the plates and leads me to the dining table where he 's set up coffee and juice .
you can have sugar cereal if you have fruit too . ''
after scarfing down their nuggets and fruit , they climb down from the stools at the breakfast bar and run to join my dad in front of the television .
despite the throngs of people , matt stays close and patiently waits while i choose fruit for this week 's cupcakes , as well as produce for my own kitchen .
one master feeds his sub fruit from his plate while he chats with a man sitting across from him , who is getting a blow job .
i nod thoughtfully and take another bite of the sweet fruit .
` ` tea and fruit and some other delicious things . ''
` ` i ' m hungry for fruit and tea , '' she clarifies with a laugh , and my stomach clenches .
she takes in this information while she chews her fruit , then takes a bite of my muffin , licks jam off her lip , and then grins at me .
there was a fruit and vegetable shop with brightly colored produce in bushels in suspended baskets outside .
but my father was half italian , and considering how he was , i was , and all the other fruit of his loins were , italian blood was clearly dominant .
it tasted like fruit but he did n't know if it was raspberry and he did n't care because her lips parted and layne did n't waste the opportunity , his tongue slid inside .
i tore my eyes away from his throat and jaw and caught on the little tray of fruit feb , morrie and darryl used in the drinks .
` ` 'cause la is insanity , filled with fruits and nuts .
she 'd watched his mouth while he talked then her eyes came to his when she said , ` ` yeah , fruits and nuts are good on occasion , but you need meat and potatoes . ''
i 'll have some fruit and cheese when i get home . ''
it was a fresh , clean smell , not much to it except it somehow was entirely masculine and this was probably because it did n't smell like flowers or fruit like most of my stuff did .
the middle where the stairs led was a huge hall , down the center of which were five , large , gleaming dark wood tables which , for the party , would hold massive displays of blooms from the palace 's greenhouses ( there were four gargantuan greenhouses where the palace gardeners grew everything from flowers and plants to adorn the house , to vegetables and fruits forced to grow out of season in order to feed its occupants and guests - they even had apple , pear , plum and peach trees in one , lime , lemon , grapefruit and orange in another and tangles of blackberry and raspberry vines in yet another ) .
while i ate ( creamy yogurt , sweet dried fruit and some kind of grain all mixed together , it was actually quite tasty ) and drank coffee ( the only good thing so far , the savages had coffee , though the milk they had to put in it tasted slightly tangy ) , diandra chatted to me about seerim , her three sons ( all , she bragged openly , in training to be warriors , her first , she bragged scarily , had already made his ` ` first kill '' ) and her one daughter ( ` ` he would deny it , he is proud of his warrior sons , but sheena is seerim 's favorite , '' she said ) , my women ( i refused to call them slaves ) carted in a big , oval copper tub with one side swayed back and filled it with buckets of steaming water .
not long after , bunches of large , square pillows , some with fringe all around , some with tassels at the four ends , some with no adornment , all silk , satin or brocade and all in rich colors , were arranged on some thick hides on the dusty stone around our tent and we reclined in the cool ( ish ) shade of the tent as the women brought us flat bread , strong cheese , dried , spiced meat , almonds and crisp , fresh , deliciously cold ( if it can be believed ) fruit juice .
dried fruits .
fresh fruits and vegetables .
if a woman ( and there were a great number of them ) advanced with a tray of roasted meat , roasted vegetables , slabs of spiced meat , cut fruit , flat breads slathered with what looked and tasted like herbed hummus or a white yogurt sauce with cucumber , onion and garlic or even pieces of candy that looked like creamy white sugar bark doused liberally with nuts and candied fruit , lahn would make my selections for me , turn to me , lean into me , his hand held out and i 'd have to take it not with my hand ( i learned that with a quick , clipped , bark of ` ` me '' from lahn at the beginning ) but with my mouth .
if a woman ( and there were a great number of them ) advanced with a tray of roasted meat , roasted vegetables , slabs of spiced meat , cut fruit , flat breads slathered with what looked and tasted like herbed hummus or a white yogurt sauce with cucumber , onion and garlic or even pieces of candy that looked like creamy white sugar bark doused liberally with nuts and candied fruit , lahn would make my selections for me , turn to me , lean into me , his hand held out and i 'd have to take it not with my hand ( i learned that with a quick , clipped , bark of ` ` me '' from lahn at the beginning ) but with my mouth .
the fruit juice , food and even wine were all delicious .
we settled lounging on her bed , her girl brought us fruit juice and a platter with slices of cheese and grapes and we chattered away .
my girls gave me water to wash my hands and face , served me a simple meal of dried meat , cheese , flatbread and dried fruit with a cup of water and a chalice of wine .
it was late afternoon , narinda had come around earlier , we had had lunch and now we were sipping fruit juice , chatting and watching the activity of the daxshee .
diandra grinned shamelessly at my narrow - eyed look , came right up and gave narinda a ` ` poyah '' as she dropped into a lounge on the hides , grabbed a big cushion and shoved it under her side and then helped herself to fruit juice .
gaal came forward and set a plate of candied fruits on our hides .
she was reaching for some candied fruit ; she popped a piece in her mouth and looked at me while she chewed .
we 'd already had dinner and i looked down at the plate of carob drops , candied fruits , honeyed almonds , the jug of wine , the jug of mango juice and sabine , narinda and my silver chalices that were littering the mats , all of which my girls had brought to us before they 'd settled with their fabric .
` ` she battled mightily and refused to taste defeat when the fruit of our union , the future of our empire challenged her .
sometimes when we were in these towns and villages , tor would not take us to a pub for lunch or dinner but would buy cheese , bread and fruit and then we 'd stop on the way by a lake , a stream or in a wildflower - filled field and we 'd have a picnic .
we could have , i do n't know , sent a fruit basket or something .
are you drugging her fruit juice ? ''
i did n't drink fruit juice primarily because i preferred to chew my calories unless they were alcoholic ( not that i chewed very much fruit , but you get what i ' m saying ) and my dad knew that ( not about the calories , just that i did n't drink juice ) .
i did n't drink fruit juice primarily because i preferred to chew my calories unless they were alcoholic ( not that i chewed very much fruit , but you get what i ' m saying ) and my dad knew that ( not about the calories , just that i did n't drink juice ) .
` ` drugging her fruit juice ? ''
and last , they brought me breakfast which was croissants , jam , fruit and , thankfully , coffee .
` ` she 'll need wine , some cheese , bread , fruit , a hot bath and a ladies maid , '' derrik kept going .
they held fruit trees and berry vines and vegetable patches that were forced to grow during the long time of the year ( three quarters of it ! )
croissants and fruit . ''
halved avocados filled with succulent shrimp to start then fillet steaks , steamed broccoli , brussel sprouts , boiled potatoes and carrots and to end , a fruit parfait separated with layers of thick , rich , honey - sweetened greek yogurt .
she did taste as fantastic as she felt and smelled ( tonight , she smelled of fruit and flowers and it was a thoroughly intoxicating scent ) .
and her young friend was an excellent cook , making marian homemade american pancakes with maple syrup and big bowls of bite - sized pieces of ripe , delicious fruit .
` ` i like the way your laboratory makes the house smell like fruit and flowers .
` ` it 's fruit and sugar and fruit is sugar so there 's no way for it not to be sweet , '' mikey hilariously explained .
` ` it 's fruit and sugar and fruit is sugar so there 's no way for it not to be sweet , '' mikey hilariously explained .
prentice noticed at once that she smelled of fruit .
only elle could smell like fruit when she was smashed .
one day , years ago , fiona was in the fruit and veg shop when hattie had made some vicious comment about some famous pop star who 'd gone off the rails and old lady kilbride , who was also there , heard her .
it was after they went to the fruit and veg shop so she could get fresh fine greens for dinner and blueberries for pancakes the next morning .
and it was after they ran into denise macrae , debs 's best friend since childhood who spent as much time at prentice 's mum 's house back in the day as isabella did , which meant a lot , and her baby outside the fruit and veg shop .
perhaps i should order plain fruit and unsweetened granola and ask them where i could do my morning yoga ( though i did n't practice yoga ) .
they 'd decided on baked camembert and crackers , fruit trays , crudites , champagne and truffles .
i was stunned to see it was packed with healthy eating options : low - fat yogurt , high - quality , multi - grain bread , tons of fruit and veggies .
i cut up fruit , enough for both luke and me , tossed his in a bowl and put it in the fridge .
then i went to the fridge to get his fruit and the yogurt , all the while gabbing .
i started to pile globs of yogurt on his fruit still smiling .
he pointed to the mashed offending fruit .
` ` anthony made a move to kick the fruit but stopped his childish notion when his brother piped up .
gratefulness is a fruit of the spirit .
if she would have merely eaten more strawberries , anthony would n't find the fruit so offensive , and that same fruit would n't have skittered about his boots seeking revenge . ''
if she would have merely eaten more strawberries , anthony would n't find the fruit so offensive , and that same fruit would n't have skittered about his boots seeking revenge . ''
` ` fruit does n't seek revenge , you idiot . ''
or possible strategies to avoid dangerous fruit attacks ? ''
` ` they are the deadliest of the small fruits . ''
` ` even when the lady threatens to push us in front of oncoming carriages and feed us the most grotesque fruit known to mankind .
i give you my word to maintain a respectable distance , though few things are better than tasting of the forbidden fruit . ''
` ` and i am the forbidden fruit ? ''
down he crashed onto the table , launching a platter of fresh fruit into the air , which pelted him like brightly plumed hailstones upon their descent .
with a slow deliberate hand he nudged her blade aside , seized the wrist of the hand offering the offending fruit , and pulled himself upright .
` ` i think i ' ve found a new favorite fruit ... '' he whispered against her lips .
if anthony had any strength left he would have punched wilde in the eye or perhaps pelted him with a strawberry , the deadly fruit .
` ` would you care for some fresh fruit as well , dear ?
without a moment 's hesitation , the taciturn butler gracefully lifted the fruit bowl in one hand as if he were serving the royal table .
` ` it seems if he was so offended by said fruit he would n't take to bathing in it , which is the only conclusion i can draw given his state of dress . ''
` ` it is by my calculations , '' anthony sat on a nearby chair and cringed when the sticky juice of the strawberry ran down his legs , ` ` that when the lady could find no daggers , swords , or pistols , she became desperate and decided to torture me with my favorite fruit . ''
next to the blanket was a plate of chocolate - covered fruit and champagne .
the last time i was in church was when i did a commercial for fruit snacks .
` ` the bat falls , but falls into a bowl full of fruit and lives the rest of his days fat and happy . ''
` ` she 's crazy when she 's hungry , '' i said under my breath as i quickly grabbed a plate and piled some fruit on it as a peace offering to the grumpy bear .
i held up a piece of fruit .
i pointed to the fruit on the table .
why the hell would i take a bite of the damn apple when i ' ve been without fruit for so long ? ''
the heady smell of flowers and fruit penetrated his senses .
` ` banana ran into the maharajahs tent and stole as many pieces of fruit as his little hands could carry .
he took all types of fruit .
` ` they say pomegranates are the fruit of love .
i say it 's the fruit of lust .
chapter fourteen i am tainted whether of the flock , meetest for death : the weakest kind of fruit drops earliest to the ground .
come to me when you 're ready to kill me , not when you want to threaten me , because next time i see your shit - eating face ... '' i dropped more of the acidic fruit onto his cut .
` ` i 'll slice you everywhere uncle , but i 'll keep you alive when i do it , and it wo n't be fruit but actual acid i drip into each wound until you beg for death .
sister spoke to the trees , and they gave up their fruit for her .
brightly colored picnic blankets burst across the lawn , with the pale , outstretched forms of people wriggling over them like worms in fruit .
clearing his throat , he slid a plate filled with eggs , fruit , some cheese , buttered toast , and a few slices of bacon toward me .
della was washing fruit and putting it into a large bowl .
della walked over and sat down with the bowl of fruit .
bethy turned to study her margarita , and harlow reached for some fruit .
scott rolled his eyes as he started rearranging the pears and apples in the fruit bowl .
brushing his hands aside , mom fixed the fruit back to the way she had them .
` ` there 's a fruit bowl upstairs in the fridge .
there was a struggle here ; two of the chairs around the kitchen table have been knocked over , the tablecloth pulled from the table along with the centerpiece basket of real fruit .
had n't she once before tasted of the forbidden fruit ?
first you insist that your beauty be protected from my wicked clientele , and now you parade her about like a tempting fruit .
` ` he 's more likely to send me a fruit basket . ''
a fresh salad and fruit . ''
` ` nothing more dangerous than fruit juice . ''
of course , there were some benefits , she acknowledged as she entered the kitchen to discover a vegetable casserole waiting for her in the oven and a large bowl of fresh fruit already set on the table .
you know it 's much healthier to eat fruit and vegetables . ''
` ` i brought a fresh - fruit salad and zucchini lasagna .
together they demolished the fruit salad , and with a deep sigh of pleasure anna wiped her hands and set aside the tray .
she tasted of fruit , as sweet and rich as a ripe fig dipped in honey .
regan studied the mounds of eggs , ham , pancakes , fresh fruit , toast , fried potatoes , sausage links , and warm biscuits .
` ` he can tell you what happens to vampires who taste of forbidden fruit . ''
as if the scrumptious fruit had been tossed in a raging fire .
once they were seated several dozen fairylike servants dressed in modest robes entered with trays laden with fruit and freshly baked bread and bowls of honey .
karen is making a giant bowl of fruit salad and i ' m patting out circles of ground beef into burgers .
she stops chopping fruit and leans toward me .
do you think a chemical or two on a piece of fruit is going to bother me ?
` ` or would you rather be heading down to some fruit farm with jill ? ''
from her bedside table , she pointed to a bowl of fruits .
breakfast consisted of fresh fruits and virgin pina coladas at an outdoor seaside restaurant .
breakfast consisted of muesli , coffee and fruit salad .
i left my crew to come to these shores to collect fruits . ''
there 's a sandwich , potato chips and fresh fruit in a little bowl all on the same plate .
a bowl of fresh fruit .
he was pretty good with a grill , and during the summer he had an endless supply of fruit and vegetables to fill up on , but everything else was simply fuel .
so people come here once a week to pick up their fruits and veggies ? ''
he ran over to the big sow , hollering at her to get out of his strawberries , but the pig was too busy mowing down the neat and flourishing rows of fruit to look up in his direction .
when he was done picking the fresh fruit and veggies for the week , he moved to the other side of the table to help her put together the rest of the boxes and said , ` ` these are looking great . ''
` ` want to share my fruit smoothie ? ''
even though vicki doubted she could swallow a thing , she ordered a fruit salad .
and , oh god , the feel of his lips on hers , the way his tongue slipped and slid against hers ... she was lost to sensation , to the insatiable greed to take more of the forbidden fruit she 'd been craving body and soul .
there were enough eggs and pancakes and fruit and sausage and toast to feed her entire family .
* * * nicola looked at marcus over the small round table by the window where they 'd just devoured pancakes and sausages and a huge bowl of fruit .
there was a bowl of freshly cut fruit on the kitchen island , along with an array of pastries that had her empty stomach growling .
she had already picked up a chocolate croissant - her favorite ! -and bitten into it by the time she noticed the note tucked beside the pretty red and yellow fruit bowl .
a new basket of pastries and fruit was on the counter for her again and pride should have dictated that she walk right by it , but that would have been plain stupid .
she even had lips like a piece of fruit , glossy , with the promise of sweetness .
the next thing she remembered was going out the front door and getting in the car ... and thinking that as usual , it smelled like wrigley 's juicy fruit gum and coffee - which might have been nasty , but was actually wonderful .
sissy had particularly liked the ones that were cut and polished to be fruit - green grapes made of jade , purple ones made of amethyst , apples and pears from various shades of quartz .
oh , man , she could just fucking imagine nigel and his three fruits up there in heaven , all totes relieved that they had another flag .
like the omega 's undead did n't have better things to do than stalk around barren fruit trees and frozen swimming pools .
if they could orient themselves along the long side of that big - ass house , on the far side of the swimming pool , they might wipe out a line of fruit trees ... but there would be roughly the same amount of field they 'd used to take off from .
and then the aircraft turned into the biggest weedwacker known to man , the combination of its steel body and too - fast velocity ripping through stands of fruit trees , and beds of flowers that had been secured for the winter , and shit , even the lineup of bird fountains .
and e - mails in his inbox , those f**king e - mails that the glymera pulled out of their asses on a nightly basis ... although those had been drying up lately - probably a sign that that bunch of fruit loops were talking among themselves .
as wrath added his own cursing to the fruit salad of f - words , payne growled , ` ` you are not to tell vishous about this- '' ` ` give me a good goddamn reason why and maybe i 'll consider it .
he was holding a bowl full of plastic fruit .
` ` what 's with the fruit ? ''
i asked , grabbing an apple out of the bowl of plastic fruit on the counter by the door , and chucking it at his head .
i threw the banana at him , and he crossed his arms , making the fruit ricochet to the floor .
trenton looked around the floor at all the fruit , and then he sighed , looking up at me .
the scent of unwashed bodies and decaying fruit hung like a fine fog over the square , coating everything it touched .
when she got a little extra money from the manufacturing job she worked , she 'd buy them candy or an extra piece of fruit .
a tall , slim redhead stands there in the fruit and vegetable section , holding a stick of celery .
ignoring portia 's presence in the fruit and veggie section , i move around the store in record time , grabbing the last of what we need before meeting max and ceecee at the checkout .
no fruit . ''
` ` or mixed fruit .
mixed fruit jam is yucky . ''
stealing a piece of fruit meant only for ivs and above would n't make my life any easier , but i needed one last moment of control , even if the shields arrested me .
people were packed together , creating a stench that mingled with the sizzling meats , fresh fruit , and hundreds of other things the vendors tried to sell .
i said , trying to snatch an apple from the fruit bowl .
a vii would guarantee me riches beyond imagining , things that would make the perfumes and fruits and silks that were sold in the markets look like worthless trinkets instead of the treasures they were .
there was no newness , only old that was no longer needed and could be handed down to us , the people who were n't valuable enough to merit glass skyscrapers or shiny cars or fruit that was n't hours away from rotting .
the bathrooms were decorated with swirling marble floors and counters , and they were full of soaps that smelled like flowers and fruits and things i could n't name .
i tensed , gripping my apple so hard i could feel the fruit bruise beneath the skin .
i picked up a fork , prepared to spear a piece of fruit and eat it , but a pale hand snatched my wrist before i could do it .
on our way , we passed a bowl of fruit , and i remembered the question i had n't been able to ask henry .
after a month of fruit for breakfast and salads for everything else , it was ambrosia .
besides all that , she 'd packed his logbook to record his blood - sugar readings , and plenty of carbohydrates disguised as granola bars , trail mix , fruit and individually packaged chips for her son 's mid - morning and mid - afternoon snacks .
` ` fruit .
` ` we ' ve got bottled water , cup - a - soup , hot - chocolate mix , biscuits , cooked rice , granola bars , crackers and cheese , chewing gum , chicken pate , orange - drink powder , a tin of tuna fish , fruit snacks , pork and beans and some condiments . ''
` ` linley , please have mrs . poulson send a ham , a turkey , eggs , flour , sugar , salt , nuts , wine and some fresh fruits and vegetables to the mctavish cottage .
riley came back from the counter with a giant muffin , a fruit - and - yogurt parfait and an apple .
` ` she has to bring forth fruit meet for repentance first . ''
` ` i could cut up some fruit , too , if you like . ''
once she was back in the kitchen , she decided to serve him a grilled panini sandwich with sliced fruit on the side .
the last time he 'd seen her was when she 'd slipped into his office , put a cup of coffee at his elbow , along with some sliced fruit , and slipped out .
plenty of fruit and vegetables .
you do n't owe us anything , but what 's wrong with fruit or yogurt or oatmeal ? ''
after a while , they scavenged for any type of fruit - bearing tree , hoping to get lucky enough to find a pomegranate tree , because anita had said she 'd found one on her first trip to arizona .
a few of them sent simon sidelong glances , as if they were n't sure what to make of his presence , but they smiled politely if he caught their eye and shifted their attention - to whoever was speaking or their coffee or fruit and yogurt .
he was talking about the new section of the store , where one could buy soft drinks , fruit smoothies and snow cones .
ty had just put a big spoonful of fruit and yogurt in his mouth .
grace was selling two fruit pies to mrs . franklin , the wife of a retired pharmacist who 'd been an institution in stillwater since allie could remember .
grace studied the fruits and vegetables and other things they 'd laid out for sale .
she nudged kate 's fingers away from the fruit salad she 'd made for dessert .
` ` no , there 's a lot more sugar in fruit smoothies than you might imagine . ''
the fruit - and - vegetable bin contained one apple and a few carrots .
was it simply the famous lure of ` ` forbidden fruit '' ?
she could ' ve taped herself with one parent and merely replayed it for the other , except that her father had n't sent her a gift and did n't say anything about the basket of wine , fruit and cheese she 'd shipped him .
they gather a lot of vegetables and a mixture of yam , fruit , mushrooms and tubers that they call manioc .
he grew most of his own fruits and vegetables in his garden , and he did n't eat a lot of processed foods .
` ` i would ' ve agreed with you- '' rebecca toyed with the fresh fruit that graced the bowl at her elbow ` ` -but greta lost me when she tried to make roses out of the ends of her toilet paper .
she told him she grew up on a farm with fresh fruit and vegetables and long days spent playing in the barn .
` ` ' ye shall know them by their fruits . ' ''
but i had some fruit cocktail .
it did n't taste like tree nuts or strawberries or kiwi fruit or shellfish .
fruit salad ?
` ` it 's beets , carrots , jicama , and fruit with a citrus dressing .
this lake of fire , this pit of the damned , these gnawing serpents , and all the ingenious implements in the hands of demons who would spend an eternity peeling you like fruit and slowly devouring you , only then to begin afresh , and savor you for another thousand years .
` ` if we do n't catch any fish , i 'll go back into the jungle and see what fruit i can find .
` ` it 's a fruit .
i stared at the fruits lying on the large green palm leaf .
i heard running water when i went to pick the fruit . ''
` ` you should have gotten some fruit in the jungle , '' jakob responded coldly .
` ` or we can see if there 's some other fruit we can pick . ''
` ` we just wo n't pick any fruits we are n't sure of . ''
` ` berries are the worst types of fruit to just pick and eat .
` ` where ... '' he paused and clutched the tray , loaded with my favorite fruits , breads and cheeses .
at our feet was a midnight picnic , with fruits and meats and nectar , but that was n't the part that took my breath away .
my favorite fruit , and the kind hades brought me for breakfast every day .
in the other , she balanced a tray of eggs , bacon , and toast , along with a porcelain bowl full of colorful fruit and a tall glass of orange juice .
the cook - also dressed in red , and clearly another citizen - tossed them onto our trays , and we continued down the serving line , noelle mindlessly piling my plate with limp , gray vegetables , something yellow that might have been fruit once upon a time , and a brownie that looked hard enough to break a window .
the word is as ripe and seductive as summer 's first fruit , so much so that i must shy away from it and remind myself that hope is but the god 's way of mocking us , nothing more .
even budding branches from the fruit trees in our orchard , which made the servants think she was daft .
as souls ripen , they begin to loosen from their bodies , much as fruit makes ready to leave the branch .
but even the same fruits on the same tree fall at different times - occasionally defying all odds and clinging throughout the entire winter .
and just as those elements shape the fruit on the tree , so do many factors shape a man 's life , and therefore his death .
because lies fall as easily from his lips as ripe fruit from a tree , i press further .
` ` i would , for i will no longer sit and wait patiently for my happiness to grow like some budding fruit on the limbs of a tree , but will mold it and shape it with my own hands . ''
and you put their hair in pigtails , and you let them wear whatever madness they want , and alice planted a fruit cocktail tree , and noomi ate a butterfly , and they look like me because they 're round and golden , but they glow for you .
memory dance wallace liked his cornflakes to be served the same way every morning - with only enough milk to surround ( and not dampen ) the cereal , perhaps with a piece of fruit thrown in .
the burn on his back must ' ve split open like a smashed fruit , and hot blood slicked the metal behind him , making it damn near impossible to get any traction .
he pressed deep and held ; she cracked open like a ripe fruit , spilling cries and tears .
which made him absolutely forbidden fruit .
like biting into rancid fruit , the taste was cloying and unmistakable .
some must be herbs , as he did n't see fruits and vegetables , but others hung heavy with the produce that went into cook 's pot on a daily basis .
it was too early to say goodbye in person , so i 'd bought this silly thing at the dollar store : orange and russet ribbons , twining around a tiny cornucopia with plastic fruit spilling forth .
to start , they had cheese - and - fruit plates , ceviche and chickpea hummus , along with various soups and salads .
there are plenty of girls who do n't have psychotic boyfriends , and that bastard goes after low - hanging fruit .
i ignored the awkward pause in conversation , eating a bite of fruit salad .
obviously relieved at my reaction , he set out the food carefully packaged in plastic containers : cheese , fruit , cold cuts and crackers .
kia was largely uninterested , though she did make a nice fruit salad .
i mean , things were kinda back to normal - the cafeteria ladies asked us if we wanted a fruit cup or a yogurt , the janitors dumped the pink powder on top of people 's puke , the teachers gave out their boring homework assignments and their pop quizzes about nothing we 'll ever actually need in real life - but i think people needed something that made them feel , i do n't know ... like we were all still in it together .
always ill , but dr . chen agreed that the protein powder and fruit in a drinkable form was our best option .
in the kitchen , i hunt around for food inside the refrigerator , which is packed with fruits and vegetables but none of the awesome thai we had last night .
you can enjoy all the lovely fruit from the tree because if you tire of it , there 's always more orchards to explore . ''
i pour myself a hefty serving of the twelve - year sube and allow the smooth tones of oak and fruit to roll over my tongue .
` ` about two blocks over was a market that had good fruit .
inside i find two plates , two glasses , and silverware along with salami , cheese , fruit , and antipasti .
her lips are lush , ripe fruit that beg for my teeth , and her tongue is a swift , darting thing inciting lust with every caress .
when we stroll in , kale and everson are sitting at the kitchen table , eating fruit and arguing about sports .
lyric asks , stealing an apple from the fruit basket on the table .
stiff and drenched in the fruits of my cheery labor , i slipped into the last available seat at the table , in between tara and zee .
as i turned to face him , i caught a whiff of a second scent - juicy fruit and plastic - and realized that he was n't alone .
our next kiss tasted of fruit , but was even deeper than the first .
jacob had a juice box and some fruit snacks to eat .
i 'd almost finished eating the piece of fruit when he sighed and took his last bite .
` ` dad , they have the pancakes , with any kind of fruit you could ever want .
the largest strawberry on the tray of fruit was picked up and slowly drug over my hot sex .
after we caught our breath , ty took me in the shower and washed the sticky fruit from my body .
the lips were wet , and i tasted fruit as if it were lip gloss .
` ` can you find her a can of fruit or something like that at your commissary ? ''
` ` i 'll get some milk and fruit and bring it back with me .
she was quiet , watching cartoons and filling her cheeks with fruit and cereal .
the dim lit room was always the same , smelling of fruit and set up for my arrival .
i started with her nipple , circling the cold fruit slowly around it .
i reached down and sucked on her nipple , savoring the flavor of the fruit and the way her skin felt against my lips .
lacey opened her eyes as i brought the used fruit up to her lips .
she tasted of fruit and orgasm , in which i began lapping up both , while sucking in her outer lips and tugging them with my teeth .
he pulled away and blew on the sensitive area , before taking the melting fruit and rubbing it over my other nipple .
my body bucked feeling the immediate , almost sting of the frozen fruit hitting my sensitive bud .
of course , the food was mostly for me , since she usually only ate a piece of fruit , and a yogurt .
we watched some television , and snacked on fruit .
she walked inside and came out with a tray of pancakes and fruit juice .
everything in the garden seemed to have a warm bronze tinge to it tonight , including the goblets full of wine that had been placed next to the bowls of fruits and nuts , and the air smelled sharp and sweet , like citrus .
others clustered around the food table , dipping strawberries and other fresh fruits into a dark chocolate fountain that spewed out a never - ending stream of warm , gooey goodness .
so i got in line , piled a plate high with fresh fruit , and dipped everything into the dark chocolate fountain before grabbing a glass of sparkling fake champagne punch .
i ignored daphne and stabbed another miniscule piece of fruit in the delicate , white china bowl in front of me .
the fruit was a vibrant yel ow color , with a strange , pointed shape .
maybe a star fruit ?
the weird fruit did n't look like it would kil me if i ate it .
even the regular dishes -like lasagna , fried chicken , or the fruit salad i was eating -always featured weird ingredients , strange sauces , and bizarre toppings .
` ` i do n't have to listen , '' i said , putting my fork down in the bowl and pushing it , and the mystery fruit , away .
there was also a freestanding cart that sold coffee drinks , fruit smoothies , and sugary snacks .
so it was only daphne and me at our usual table in the dining hall , although the valkyrie just picked at her curried chicken salad croissant and ambrosia fruit salad .
i did n't have much of an appetite so i just picked at my ambrosia fruit salad drizzled with honey - lime dressing , moving strawberries and kiwis from one side of my bowl to the other , even though it was one of my favorite items on the breakfast menu .
the dried fruit , dark chocolate , oats , and nuts were n't quite as flavorful as they had been yesterday , but they kept my stomach from grumbling too much .
once i was dressed and pulled my hair up in a ponytail i headed downstairs to grab some fruit to eat before i headed out .
i dropped the fruit back in the basket .
i watched as his lips covered a part of the fruit .
with his mouth full of fruit , he smiled .
` ` why get fruit in an ice cream ?
` ` yogurt and fruit .
her breakfast consisted of fruit and greek yogurt .
` ` it 's plump and bitable like a juicy piece of brazilian fruit . ''
maybe you do n't like brazilian fruit ? ''
` ` i love fruit , '' i say .
a spread of fresh fruits , meats and cheeses is set out buffet style in another room , one that faces the large gravel area and the burn marks .
` ` and that 's a persimmon , '' he said , pointing to the black fruit .
thirty - five grace scooped the tiny black seeds out of the papaya half and set the fruit on a plate .
wheels of fruit whirled , bells clanged .
` ` ah , the old forbidden fruit syndrome . ''
she took one look at me and decided to find out what forbidden fruit tasted like . ''
and a fruit salad . ''
he took his time , savoring the perfect balance of oak and fruit and the elegant finish of the wine .
to the left , a large stainless steel fridge with clear glass doors showed off rows of water , orange juice , and gatorade on one side , and deli meat , yogurt , salads , and plastic bowls filled with cut vegetables and fruit on the other .
` ` i was just about to tell verity about some plans i ' ve made regarding the sale of bloodlust , '' caitlin said smoothly as tavi walked into the room carrying a platter of eggs and fruit .
she could grab a can of fruit juice and walk down to the lake , or she could go visit laura , who would be enjoying the lull before check - in time .
once a man gets past the thorns , the fruit is very sweet . ''
` ` fruit juice would be fine . ''
she took another sip of fruit juice and mentally added another day to the monthly calendar in her mind .
desma leaned back in a chair and crossed her legs at the ankle as she sipped from a glass of fruit juice .
desma kady took a long swallow of her fruit juice .
she tried her fruit juice .
cidra swallowed fruit juice .
a fire crackled and there were plates of cheese and crackers , nuts and dried fruit on a coffee table .
he eyed the ravaged platters of cheese and dried fruit .
i do n't drink stuff with slices of fruit stuck in it .
champagne , but with other fruit instead of orange juice - peaches or berries , say . ''
a hundred years ago , no one put fruit in it .
if what they 'd done this night and last had born fruit , graham would at least have that .
it was n't my fault he tripped and fell into a stall of fruit .
richard paused at the back door and took an orange from the fruit dish on the kitchen counter .
the four pieces of the fruit fell onto the grass .
the poisoned tree should ' ve borne fruit by now , and it was time for an update .
she loaded her paper plate with fruit , snagged a yogurt and a cup of orange juice , and went upstairs to check on the boys .
audrey laughed and picked at her fruit .
she forced herself to eat some of the fruit and a small piece of some sweet pastry .
a slab of pudding , studded with fruit and smelling of spices , landed on his plate .
ladies in blues , greens , yellows , golds , lavenders , and russets moved about , the spring breeze stirring feathers , ribbons , braid , and false fruits stuck into the ladies ' hats .
` ` limes , '' the man said , offering her a handful of the bumpy citrus fruit .
only spider could walk into a house of a woman to interrogate her and start the conversation by offering her fruit .
she spat the word like it was a poisonous fruit .
the woman stopped at a smal stal , offering buckets of fruit under a bright green awning .
he squinted at her with dark eyes as she looked at the fruit .
she pointed to a bulbous green fruit .
the vendor took a satchel from a stack and fil ed it with fruit , sliding it careful y into the bag one by one .
` ` are you here for the fruit ? ''
thank you for the fruit . ''
claire washed the fruit , arranged it on a plastic cutting board she 'd found in the kitchen and took it and a knife to the coffee table .
she cut the fruit into slices , put it into a bowl and took it to the couch .
she stil had a lot of fruit and nothing to do .
she scooted deeper into the couch and reached for a piece of some green fruit shaped like an ancient hour - glass .
` ` blue pepper : pungent fruit of a moloccy species rich in lycopene and vitamin c. flavor : sweet , slightly bitter .
` ` compa : fleshy fruit of karlovskaya species , rich in vitamin a .
claire picked out a rough pyramid - looking red fruit .
mac made himself give her a clinical glance , as though she were a bowl of fruit he 'd set up to paint .
` ` my father was avaricious and flamboyant at the same time , and i inherited his fruits . ''
her feet and hands bore three - inch claws that would shred flesh like a knife cut through a ripe fruit .
the surface was littered with reading glasses and pens , random pieces of day - old fruit and two mugs of coffee that had left permanent ring stains in the dark wood .
as they slowed at an exit , the brakes made a grinding noise , and a smell like rotten fruit or overripe socks drifted up from the backseat , where the dog - looking appropriately mortified - crawled to the other side to avoid his own stench .
the living room was carpeted in white , with black leather furniture and glass tables on top of which stood glass bowls filled with glass fruit .
hadley scrunches her nose against the smell of the place , musty and stale and sour all at once , like fruit gone bad in a small space .
on the other side is a garden with fruit trees and a haphazard assortment of flowers , a few stone benches , and a fountain that 's cracked and dry .
through the fruit trees lining the fence , she can see people beginning to walk to their cars , dark as shadows .
after a while , they gave up and dined in the dark instead , sharing an assortment of cookies and crackers and fruit , and lucy 's eyes kept straying back up to the sky between bites , as if she could n't trust the unfamiliar stars to stay put .
` ` the subway 's still down , and the buses were all packed , but i hitched a ride on the back of a fruit truck for part of it . ''
as she walked , her mind spun furiously , and she found herself gawking at everything she passed , the white columned buildings and the striped crosswalks , the pharmacies and fruit shops , the cafes and pubs : the whole world suddenly seen through a whole new lens .
after nearly running him over , they 'd fixed him up with a shoe box full of fruit and vegetables for the rest of the drive- '' the luxury suite , '' dad had called it - but now he roamed free around the apartment , occasionally getting wedged beneath the ratty couch that had come with the place .
` ` did carrie tell you to make the fruit salad ?
i just came to grab some fruit and cheese . ''
it smelled like someone had mixed together kerosene , rotten fruit , stale blood , urine , and dog shit , then blown it up .
but because mencheres was belting the long towel back around his waist instead of throwing it to the ground while he went in search of fruits and scented oils , kira supposed this was reality .
denise picked up her fork and began to eat the fruit salad in the next container .
frances 's strong points as a nanny included a master 's degree in early childhood education and a phd in russian literature , but nothing approaching cooking skills , unless it was some weird hippie experiment like drying fruit on the roof .
every organic fruit you ' ve ever bought and eaten will be negated times a thousand with each pass you make spreading chemical filth over a field . ''
i 'd never eaten an organic fruit as far as i knew , except maybe at molly 's parents ' cafe .
giving up , i opened the box , and oh , a ham - and - egg biscuit waited inside with a cup of cold fruit and a warm chocolate croissant .
the pancakes were fluffy , the eggs were perfection , and the fruit was fresh and cold .
` ` just a tiny bit of whatever fruit you 're eating , yeah . ''
he chopped ice in a blender , mixed it with fruit juice and vodka , and garnished the drinks with paper umbrellas .
i remember that a doctor told me my hip was nt broken but i would have a bruise the size of a grapefruit or , since citrus fruits were out of season , an acorn squash .
there was a lot of warm fruit cobbler .
she went easy on the fruit cobbler herself so she could keep her girlish figure .
it was like sitting up nights in your trailer , keeping the fruit cobbler warm in the oven , listening to the police scanner .
but it was better than waiting around for john , making him fruit cobbler in my mind .
watching him walk calmly to his imminent death in the convenience store , while i stayed behind like his worried missus , whipping up a fruit cobbler for him in my mind .
but i ' m almost to the point with him that i 'd be willing to live in a triple - wide and bake warm fruit cobbler for him and listen to the police scanner while he was at work . ''
i was surprised to find no fruit , no milk .
while waiting for the pizzas , she made a fruit salad and a pitcher of iced tea , then set two plates , two glasses , two cloth napkins , and a pair of forks on a tray .
sky opened the fridge and took out the bowl of fruit salad and the pitcher of iced tea and added them to the tray .
he took a slice of each , a couple of chicken wings , and a generous serving of fruit salad .
fresh fruit and cheese , cake and ice cream .
kaiden smiled as he watched her savor the rich dessert , which consisted of layers of ice cream , whipped cream , candied fruit , and nuts , deciding there and then that if he ever had the opportunity to indulge in mortal food again , spumoni would be the first thing on the menu .
she bought the necessities - coffee , milk , bread , eggs , butter , sugar , flour , salt and pepper , as well as some fruit , mayonnaise , blueberry jam , and ice cream .
muffins and biscuits and tarts , bowls of fresh fruit and thick cream , a cup of hot cocoa , fat sausages , and eggs swimming in butter .
a section of fruit trees , another of vegetables , all carefully weeded .
vegetables and fruit , bread and rolls .
bouquets of flowers and baskets of fruit occupied every inch of available space .
` ` i get new flowers or a fruit basket every hour .
a crystal vase held a bouquet of long - stemmed white roses ; a basket of fruit sat on the dresser .
there were fruit trees and tomato plants on one side , grass , a covered swing and a pretty gazebo on the other .
shaking off the morbid thought , she opened the refrigerator to put the milk , butter , vegetables , fruit , and cheese away .
baskets and bowls held a wide variety of breads and fruit .
she never tired of it , but , according to some prenatal guidelines she 'd read on the web , she knew she needed to eat fruits and vegetables and drink lots of milk for the baby 's sake .
not exactly the kind of diet a pregnant woman was supposed to eat , she reminded herself , and with that thought in mind , she added some fruit to the cart - oranges because they smelled good , red apples because she liked the color , watermelon and peaches and pears , lettuce and tomatoes .
i tried not to drool , but i had n't had a normal fruit like an apple in a while .
you can get them with anything : fruit , chocolate chips , nuts , you name it . ''
i remembered the yellow fruit that needed to be peeled .
` ` do they have the fruit i liked at the airport ? ''
i had expected the fruit on the side .
one half was full of plants that produced fruit .
i was prepared for something disgusting , but was pleasantly surprised to discover that it tasted like a fruit smoothie .
henry stopped in front of a vendor , handed over a few coins , and picked up a fruit roughly the same size and shape of a coconut , but bright green .
henry hit the fruit against the table , and it split open .
he handed me a piece of the fleshy fruit from the inside .
the fruit was sweet and tart at the same time , and like nothing i had ever tried .
it 's called a jade fruit , in case you want more . ''
and is that fruit ? ''
i took a strawberry , more excited about the decadent fruit than the champagne waiting for us .
i 'd prefer a fruit smoothie , but what can you do ? ''
` ` a fruit smoothie ?
she dropped a strawberry from her fruit salad back onto her plate .
` ` anything with fruit . ''
i was trying to think of what to wear while we ate our sandwiches and fruit salad .
we served the fruit both with mixed drinks and with tea , and i got out the cutting board and a sharp knife .
i put the fruit in separate containers in the big cooler behind the bar where sam kept the beer .
the syrup was real maple syrup , and the fruit was just ripe enough .
there were flower arrangements and bowls of fruit and even a stuffed cat crowding the level surfaces in the room .
you have any fruit juice around ? ''
( i also got fruit juice , sharp cheddar , bacon , gift paper , and a really pretty blue bra and matching panties , but that 's beside the point . )
i had sausage and biscuits and gravy , and some chopped fruit so i could say i 'd eaten something healthy .
they 'd start you off with perennials , followed two months later by flowering houseplants , then vegetables and fruits .
would you take the trouble to get to know a fruit fly ?
surely it was only interest in my welfare that led to the phone calls , cheery letters , and cards with cartoon wolves , plus three flower arrangements , two fruit baskets , one cookie bouquet , and a box of frozen steaks .
two more fruit baskets and a balloon bouquet were waiting for me at the front desk .
two , there were more pack offerings waiting for me when i went by the front desk to get the deliveries from the previous night : fruit , cookies , and a spa basket .
unsurprisingly , i slept late the next day , and since i was due to check out of my cabin and head back home , most of the day was spent packing and distributing the accumulation of fruit baskets and cookie trays to the hotel staff .
i do n't even like fruit baskets ! ''
tara had fi xed creamed chicken to spoon over biscuits , and she 'd made a spinach casserole and a fruit salad .
i pull out my doughnut that is covered in fruit loops , and ryan takes his creepy voodoo doll - looking doughnut with a pretzel stick that is stabbed through the heart .
whistling , slicing fruit , and squaring a variety of cheeses ?
because everyone knows dumped chicks are low - hanging fruit .
and your self - awareness equals that of a fruit fly .
then he ate two fruit tarts and a nutcake , wiped his hands on a napkin , and opened his leather case , a clear indication that they were changing the subject .
a small jar of chopped fruit to be served over sweet biscuits .
ignoring the breakfast breads , ham , and fruit that had been set out for him and lucivar , daemon poured himself a second cup of coffee and sat back .
she selected a slice of fruit from the plate and tipped her head toward the center of the room .
there was a basin of warm water , soap , and a towel ; a plate of fruit , cheese , and small sandwiches ; and a ravenglass goblet filled with yarbarah .
` ` at this moment , beale and holt are in my private garden , arranging a lounge chair in the shady spot , mrs . beale is making a pitcher of that fruit punch i enjoy drinking in warm weather , ladvarian and kaelas are going to keep me company , and ... '' she called in a book and held it up between them .
that image cocooned and emerged as a dead tree , which cocooned and emerged as a living tree that bore daggers as its fruit .
he set another bowl of stew on the table , another cup and saucer , and a small plate of fruit and cheese .
got baked goods and casseroles , fruits and coffee .
` ` i got a pot of spiced tea almost ready for you , and i 'll warm up a couple of those fruit tarts maydra baked yesterday . ''
it was lovely to feel cared for , to have someone do little things like save a fruit tart or make sure pens and paper were easily at hand .
then she forgot about scelties and protocol instructors , forgot about the spiced tea and fruit tarts , forgot about all the hope and promise in the letters she had already read .
` ` sometimes , in nightmares , i would pick the fruit off one tree .
having heard stories about jared 's mother growing the honey pear trees for her sons and how jared had gifted lia with his tree and given another to thera and blaed , he 'd been disappointed when he 'd finally gotten to taste one of the hard little fruits .
but talon said the trees did n't grow well in the mountains , that something they needed was lacking , and that was the reason the fruit did n't taste right .
when the fruit and cheese arrived at the end of the meal , along with squares of thick chocolate and coffee , saetan said , ` ` all right , witch - child .
a little serving dish of fruit jam .
` ` why would anyone go to this much trouble to preserve some pieces of fruit ? ''
` ` there are a few orchards left on the shalador reserves , but the trees are dying off , and the fruit is small and hard . ''
the preservation spell suddenly broke , and the fruit in her hand felt pulpy , already decaying .
it would take years for these trees to grow and bear fruit , but was n't a living symbol better than a dead one ?
gray filled pots with soil as cassidy held each pear at the right depth , releasing the fruits gently one by one until there was only one left in the chest that had n't turned to mush .
there 's a steak pie , a vegetable casserole , and some fruit . ''
` ` this afternoon , when i went to the kitchen doorway to ask for a plate of fruit and cheese , she seemed more territorial than usual . ''
how long did canned fruit last ?
` ` there 's water , a couple of sandwiches , some fruit and cheese .
more pie plates so she could make a fruit pieand a steak pie to serve at the same meal .
marian heard the raised voices when she came out of the pantry with a jar of fruit to go with the steak pie .
setting the jar of fruit on the counter , she glanced over and saw lucivar in the archway , watching her .
she gestured toward the neat shelves , the small , high - sided tables piled with vegetables and fruits .
the woman 's behavior was forgotten as soon as jared rounded a table and saw the fruit hidden behind the apples .
they 'd always been his favorite fruit , all the more special because they ripened after the first harvest celebrations .
small , sweet , and juicy , they did n't keep well unless they were preserved - reyna always put up jars of brandied honey pears for the winsol feast - but he 'd always thought the fresh fruit tasted better .
returning to the full counter , he used craft to float the vegetables so they would n't bruise the fruit and offered the wide - eyed woman a shrug and a smile .
` ` fruit preserves , '' she said , handing the jar to jared .
the table held two steaming bowls of beef stew , a small loaf of bread , a dish of butter , cheese , fruit , a bottle of wine , and two glasses .
while she set up her pieces , jared poured a glass of fruit juice for her and a glass of wine for himself .
she tossed her hair over her shoulders and picked up the glass of fruit juice .
` ` did you put something in the fruit juice ? ''
dorothea carefully selected a piece of sugared fruit , took a bite , and chewed slowly just to make hekatah wait .
dorothea selected another piece of fruit .
dorothea dropped the fruit back into the bowl .
then jaenelle bounded through the open door , dazzling beale and the rest of the staff with a smile before politely asking helene if she could have a sandwich and a glass of fruit juice sent to her suite .
lucivar shuddered at the memory of biting into that aptly named fruit .
` ` the next morning , mrs . beale cornered papa in his study and told him that i 'd given her a sample of a new kind of fruit and , having thought about it , she 'd decided that it would enhance the flavor of a number of common dishes and she 'd appreciate having some .
then she set a wicker basket on papa 's desk and papa had to tell her that he did n't know where the fruit came from and mrs . beale pointed out that , obviously , i did , and papa just as politely pointed out that i was not at home at the moment and mrs . beale suggested that he and her wicker basket go find me and bring back the desired fruit .
then she set a wicker basket on papa 's desk and papa had to tell her that he did n't know where the fruit came from and mrs . beale pointed out that , obviously , i did , and papa just as politely pointed out that i was not at home at the moment and mrs . beale suggested that he and her wicker basket go find me and bring back the desired fruit .
by the time they reached the fruit and cheese course , jaenelle 's attention was entirely focused on lucivar and his offerings of food .
surreal led the way to the market square , where she bought folded breads filled with chicken and vegetables from one vendor , small beef pies from another , and fresh fruit from a third .
daemon , who plundered the kitchen late at night , even though it was forbidden , to bring kartane fruit , rolls , cold joints of meat - anything to appease the insatiable hunger he always felt because he could never eat his fill under his mother 's watchful eye .
along with a bowl of stew and sticks of cornbread , there were fruit , cheese , nut cakes , cold ham , cold beef , a whole roasted chicken , a platter of vegetables , fresh bread , honey butter , and a pitcher of milk .
` ` fruit i can have .
i hid my face behind my fresh fruit cup and rolled my eyes at adam 's table manners , counting the minutes until we could escape this small quiet dinner for three .
i sliced peaches and nectarines for a fruit salad and did n't think about it .
he looked young and old at the same time , and as i ate my fruit , i contemplated how to proceed .
i set about heating up the rest of the egg rolls , toying with the idea of slicing up some fruit for him as well , when i heard his phone go off .
i kept busy all afternoon : cutting up fruit for a salad , setting out plates and bowls and silverware for everyone , mixing up a batch of margaritas to go with the guacamole i made with avocados from my trees in back , and i was just putting the finishing touches on a cheese platter when jack blew in .
he was a brilliant businessman who conducted his business in old timberland boots , faded jeans , and a north face hoodie - all the while chewing fruit stripe gum .
i looked out at the backyard and saw that my avocado trees were full of fruit .
i mixed up a berry fruit salad and added it to a parfait glass with vanilla yogurt .
` ` my lady bits would n't know what to do if a man came within two feet , '' she sighed , looking sadly at her fruit salad .
` ` this is good fruit , by the way - farmers market ? ''
speaking of fruit , are we still on for dancing with nick tonight ? ''
we ate a quick breakfast at the house : cold cereal and fruit .
i asked , grabbing the banana and making obscene gestures with the fruit .
steel - cut oats , the slightest sprinkling of splenda , fresh fruit ( blueberries were my mother 's preferred choice - antioxidants are our friends ) , with a splash of nonfat milk .
stop slouching , stand up straight , do n't you think the fruit cup is a better option - those were all statements my mother would murmur without a thought .
everyone 's paper plate was piled high with them , along with fruit salad , coleslaw , and a hot dog or hamburger .
then i got hips , and oatmeal and fruit became my breakfast . ''
carrots , tomatoes , poles of bean runners that i swear grew fast enough you could see them move , and blackberry bushes thick with purply fruit .
i padded into the kitchen , poured hot water into the pot with my dry oatmeal and into the french press , and started cutting up some fruit .
i found i ate more fruit if i made it into a salad .
after finishing up with the fruit , i checked on the oatmeal .
ladling a few spoonfuls of oatmeal into a bowl , i added some of the fruit , a drizzle of honey , a splash of cream , and a sprinkle of cinnamon .
the laughter that was ringing out from my lips turned to a shriek that stopped traffic all over town , upset several fruit carts , and may very well have been the slight earthquake tremor that was reported that night on the news .
` ` two eggs sunny side up , rye toast with butter on the side , and the fruit salad . ''
` ` belgian waffles , fruit cup , bacon and sausage , '' sophia said , completing our order and earning a raised eyebrow from both mimi and me .
it was market day , and we wandered in and out of stalls , picking up fresh fruit to snack on later .
i made fruit salad .
it 's like a fruit salad is having a party in my mouth and everyone 's invited .
yep , that fruit punch party in my mouth is back , and it tastes just as good as the first time i had it in this same bar all those weeks ago .
smiling men and women in chef gear - white smocks , tall hats - served eggs , bacon , fruit , toast , and oatmeal .
slurry is the combination of everything that does n't get eaten early in the round - oatmeal , fruit , meat , what have you . ''
no fruit bowls .
i took the last bite of the energy bar - some kind of chewy fruit , nut , and granola combination - then folded up the wrapper and slipped it into my bag .
i grabbed a piece of crusty bread and a bowl of fruit salad .
like little wrinkly fruit pebbles .
this time , scout stuck out her tongue , but that did n't stop her from pointing to a small tart that was topped with fruit and looked like it had been shellacked with glaze .
i picked through the pile in my palm , eating the raisins and other dried fruit first to get them out of the way before moving on to the nuts and - last but not least - chocolate chips .
since breakfast had been a handful of fruit candy and a bottle of orange juice , i was also starving .
but it smelled like fruit punch and ginger ale .
the hallway smelled of crayons , rubber toys , and fruit punch , the walls dotted with posters , children 's art , and the occasional smudge of finger paint .
they sipped at mugs and forked through bowls of fruit , their eyes on me .
she revealed a spread of food : crackers ; cheeses ; a rainbow of fruit , from lush berries to slices of buttercup yellow mango to spring green coins of kiwi ; and tiny sausages speared by toothpicks .
on my way back to the office catcher shared with jeff christopher - an adorable shifter with mad tech skills and a former crush on me - i passed a large table of fruit : spears of pineapple and red - orange papaya in a watermelon bowl ; blood orange slices dotted with pomegranate seeds ; and a pineapple shell full of blueberries and grapes .
` ` and the fruit ? ''
offer up fruit and you can lure them out from beneath the bridges . ''
catcher stood in the doorway , plate of fruit in hand and , just as mallory had said , rectangular frames perched on his nose .
he moved to his desk and began stabbing the fruit with a toothpick .
catcher pushed away his plate of fruit , propped his elbows on the table , and rubbed his temples .
` ` i like to bake , '' she said , opening a cabinet and stocking the shelves , ` ` and i enjoy my fruits and veggies , but that does n't mean i do n't enjoy plastic - wrapped carbs now and again . ''
margot paused , hand on a bag of al -natural dried fruit snacks that probably tasted like styrofoam , and looked over at me .
some mixed nuts and dried fruit .
it was probably eight feet tal , and each of the shelves was lined with rows of home - canned fruits and vegetables .
without a word , she closed her book , then looked inside the bag and pul ed out the bag of nuts and fruit , which she pul ed open with her teeth .
i opted for a grape nearly as big as the plum had been ; smal er fruit , less enchantment by volume , i figured .
unfortunately , juliet and margot had been right about frank 's new nutritional choices : free - range eggs ; turkey bacon ; organic fruit salad ; and a grain - heavy gruel that looked like it would have been served in little orphan annie 's orphanage .
` ` ugh , '' i remarked , but scooped up eggs and fruit and grabbed a drink box of blood .
margot asked , picking through her bowl of fruit .
there were four muffins inside : poppy seed ; blueberry ; one filed with chunks of fruit , nuts , and carrots ; and a chocolate version studded with chunks of white and dark chocolate .
sugared fruit and sparkling candleholders stood on tables and bookcases , and silver bowls of old - fashioned ribbon candy sat on side tables .
my stomach growled - a few sips of tea had n't done much for my hunger - but i resisted the urge to nosh , knowing i 'd inevitably drip pastry cream or sugared fruit down the front of my expensive frock .
when i 'd finished a pint and a piece of fruit for good measure , i met ethan at the stairway .
and with those words hanging in the air like so much ripe fruit , he disappeared , leaving me , heart pounding , standing in the hallway .
i followed my nose into the sitting room , found on a side table a tray bearing silver - domed plates , bottles of blood4you , cups of fruit , and gold - wrapped chocolates .
apparently taking a break from her cooking duties , she scooped oatmeal and fruit from a pretty flowered dish .
` ` no , this actually has fruit in it . ''
the cabinets were pea green , the countertops were laminate made to look like wood , and the fruit - themed wallpaper was peeling off the walls .
there had to be some kind of fruit growing on this island .
yes , but fruit might not be the only thing on this island .
maybe there was some fruit close by , right outside the plane .
` ` i wanted to go look for fruit for you before you woke up . ''
` ` why do n't we go look around for fruit together ? ''
oval - shaped green fruit grew from a plant very close by .
i changed course and rushed over , plucking one of the fruits and palming it .
my foot caught on a huge root growing up out of the earth and i tripped , the fruit in my arms tumbling to the ground , and i cried out as i fell .
the fruit is farther that way on the island . ''
then we can go gather some fruit . ''
the lure of fresh fruit was too strong to deny .
stirred back to the task at hand , i started gathering the fruit , piling my bag full .
i glanced at him and noted that he was no longer gathering fruit .
i puttered around , placing the fruit inside with the water and glancing at the remaining protein bars longingly .
i nodded , my stomach grumbling with the promise of fresh fruit .
i held out the fruit , offering it to him .
9 alarm slammed into me and i threw down the fruit and reached out for him .
i forgot all about his joke and tore into the succulent fruit .
i wandered through the fruit trees , eating and filling up my messenger bag until it was swollen and packed with the fruit .
i wandered through the fruit trees , eating and filling up my messenger bag until it was swollen and packed with the fruit .
when all the liquid was drained away , he took the coconut from me and split it in half , revealing layers of pure - white fruit .
nash came to my side and i offered him a bite of the fruit i was already gobbling up .
` ` we have all the fruit and avocado now .
we all sat quiet for a moment as we drank the sweet juice from the fruit .
` ` i think there 's some fruit around here .
` ` i found some fruit , '' duke said , holding out some fresh mangos and an avocado .
all the fruit was squished ; the newly smashed food drew flies like a pile of manure .
instead , i held up the hem like a basket and dropped in the fruit .
i dumped the fruit toward the back and stifled a cough , leaning up against the back of the little cove .
the twisting branches were in full bloom , abundant with bright red fruit , and the long paths between the rows of trees were nothing but ankle - high grass dotted with apples already fallen from their stems .
it was thanking us now with plentiful sweet fruit .
but as we stood here in this place that meant so much to us , we were n't thanking it for the fruit .
ana entered the room carrying a tray full of cut - up fruit and a bowl of soup .
i said , finishing the bowl of fruit and starting in on the soup .
before the pancakes , he had eaten two plates of eggs , heaping piles of bacon , toast and a huge bowl of fruit .
the twisting apple trees were full of leaves and blossoming fruit .
` ` i thought it was a good day for a cook out , '' she said , not looking up from the fruit she was slicing .
gran paused and looked up , a strawberry plopping onto the mountain of already cut fruit .
all three of us whipped around to see cole striding forward between rows of budding fruit trees .
i passed out the fruit and returned to jasper with a small caddy of brushes .
on the short drive back into town i passed a few fruit stands and another stand that was n't there earlier when i drove to work .
heven seemed amazed at the amount of food i could put down and watched as i shoveled in a couple of plates of mini sandwiches , cookies and fruit .
eggs , bacon , sausage , toast , fruit ... ` ` holy cow !
we sat there a long time , in the middle of my grandma 's orchard , beneath the newly budding fruit trees .
we always had so much fun picking fruit . ''
if we get a lot of good fruit then we can set up a farming stand and people can come and buy bushels of apples or pick their own .
we want to open a farm stand when the fruit is ripe . ''
there was a place called the market that offered salads and fruits , granola bars , and fancy bottled waters .
i settled on grabbing a cobb salad from the market , a cup of fresh seasonal fruit , and a granola bar ( for later ) .
i finished my salad and munched on fruit .
chapter thirteen ` ` fiber - the parts of grains , fruits , and vegetables that contain cellulose and are not digested by the body .
he had cheese , fruit , and bread in the fridge , so he pulled them out and set them on the counter .
* * * adrien washed up the plates , packed up the fruit , cheese , and bread , all while lily sat on her stool and glared at him .
she smelled fruit of some kind , and some of it rotten , but that 's the most she could tell me . ''
she had a platter of cheese , fruit , and some cold fried chicken piled on a plate .
there were vegetable gardens and fruit orchards everywhere , each with that shimmering shield overhead , just like diallo 's courtyard garden .
he dipped low and at her opening he swirled the whole fruit , swirled and pushed , just a little .
the broken fruit he rubbed on her stomach so that she came and came and came , her hands on his hands , her fingers exploring his mouth , her body riding the waves of ecstasy , on and on , until finally she began to settle .
she 's about one fruit basket away from belonging in the caribbean .
she was a bowl of fruit he wanted to devour .
with a knife she split one of the tangerines in half then pierced the fruit with the sharp tip again and again , grinding the blade into the wedges , tearing up all the connecting fibers , until the half tangerine was a wet , pulpy mess .
he groaned loud and long , leaning toward her but sucking hard at the fruit .
how weird to think of a sweet round fuzzy fruit banging around in her head and causing such pain .
each microclimate created a month of the year and therefore peaches were being grown at every possible stage of the trees ' annual cycles , which meant that fruits were being ripened on the stem every goddamn month of the year .
some trees were heavy with ripe fruit , others just budding , others in a state of wintry rest .
lorelei brought her a tray of food of fresh fruit , an orange muffin , and a vanilla yogurt .
when lorelei returned with a fresh pot of coffee , mugs , and a heaping platter of chunks of cheese and fruit , he breathed a sigh of relief .
beneath that fruit - laden aphrodisiac , he caught another layer of scent : the woman 's blood , and it was like nothing he 'd ever smelled before , like she had rivers of it and it was meant for him .
` ` oh , god , you smell like heaven , the sweetest fruit and wine together . ''
she let the strawberries slide into her mouth then chewed , but she 'd lost the ability to taste what had begun as a promising bowl of ripe fruit .
when she lay in his arms , she laughed at the site of all the disturbed fruit and cheese and thought she could stay this way forever .
` ` i should like a platter of fruit and cheese and your mastyr 's favorite german sweet wine .
in front of her was a tray of fruit and cheese and two small glasses of white wine .
if you do n't want to eat , you do n't have to , although there are other things besides these fruits and cheeses that might be equally palatable to you . ''
` ` now , why do n't you stretch out on your side and let me feed you bits of fruit and cheese . ''
` ` a fruit basket ? ''
she wished he 'd blend his crotch into the couch so she would n't have to look atit , all spread out at her like a forbidden fruit .
it had a sickly sweet scent to it , like she 'd been drinking one of those girl drinks with fruit in them .
` ` you make me sound like fruit . ''
` ` i barely remember what fruit tastes like .
ethan threw alexis 's abandoned bowl of fruit across the room , satisfied when it crashed through the glass of his balcony door , juice and shards flying with appropriate drama .
i was trying not to judge , but it was hard to understand how she could have eyeballed at least fifty costumes and decided that she wanted to be a yellow fruit .
` ` because that 's all yellow spandex with a big zipper needs to be convincing as fruit ? ''
as the pile of processed and packaged foods like spaghettios and jellied cranberries grew higher in the cart , i asked , ` ` do you have a problem with fruits and vegetables ? ''
i marched down aisles , adding ingredients i would need , including a bag of chicken br**sts and disposable plastic food containers i could use to keep chopped fruits and vegetables for his brothers to eat during the week .
` ` and the best part of being the person who cuts the fruit is that you get to sneak some . ''
he was a rum kind of guy , though he usually did n't add fruit juice to it .
she could taste the lime from his drink , the tang of the fruit and him making her shiver .
although maybe , in vampire terms , it was a bit like eating dried fruit or something .
they do n't wash their fruits and vegetables there , you know .
while they were a couple of dears , and she had gluttoned herself at the amazing buffets the hotel offered - not the least bit worried about unwashed fruit - it was n't the same as being on holiday with family or friends .
` ` mother is worried i 'll starve or eat bad fruit in this heathen tropical country . ''
the taste of the fruit spread mixed with the taste of her skin and crashed with the sound of her calling out his name and gave him a heady rush of pleasure .
replacing his finger with his mouth , he kissed her , licking at her lips , teasing his tongue into her until they were both covered in sugar and sweet fruit , passion , and the taste of each other .
she became his forbidden fruit , and that meant that at a point in their affair when he might have been getting bored with her , his wife 's fussing only made his mistress all that much more appealing to him .
anna sucked a fruit slice between her thin , gray lips .
the old raspberry bush by the corner of the house had young fruit growing on it and i could practically taste the sweetness on my tongue .
` ` this fruit salad is old .
` ` forget the fruit salad , gran , there was a naked man in the white house . ''
gran dipped her fork back into the inadequate fruit salad and stabbed a grape .
damn juicy fruit .
` ` no , a fruit . ''
but her grandmother willie was an excellent baker , and one time when piper was about twelve , she had made a strawberry pie with the fruit from her garden .
like soft , ripe fruit ready to be eaten .
she turned to her right to see the buffet station and the large fruit punch tower that was cascading into a large bowl at the bottom .
you know ; i woke up lying next to a pair of double d 's and an ass so peachy it 'd shut down walmart 's fruit section . ''
she plucks her way through the fruit and veg section .
sam grabs an orange from the fruit bowl and throws it at her .
` ` what 's your favorite fruit ? ''
she reached for the pewter goblet of juice from local fruits .
refreshments had been set up , fruits , cheeses , and a cake bearing both countries ' seals .
she whipped the fruit from palm to palm .
meanwhile , the invited guests and dignitaries partied on , picking at falafels , fried plantains , the spongy sour cake - like injera , meats , fruits , all local but surprisingly not overdone .
the smell of oil and tropical fruit hung in the air .
the dark fruit offered a natural cure for diarrhea .
he cut the fruit in half , pried out the pit so the toddler would n't choke on it , then gave him both halves .
the sound of joshua 's contented chewing even felt right , despite the fruit juice dribbling on his neck .
hugh frowned , reaching into a small pile of fruit he 'd gathered .
waiting for him to talk seemed wisest , but her hands trembled as she offered the last of the fruit to joshua .
she pinched off a piece of the fruit and passed it to joshua as she walked .
he grabbed a plastic bottle with a homemade label- '' orange sage '' written in calligraphy with a piece of fruit drawn in the corner , signed jps , jocelyn pearson - stewart .
her words stabbed him as effectively as her fork into that fruit even though he realized he had no right .
jolynn pulled a bottled fruit juice from the small refrigerator tucked under the counter next to the minibar and twisted the top off .
he surreptitiously dropped it in a fruit vendor 's cart .
as he ducked under branches and wove around gnarled old trunks , his feet smashed unripened fruit that had fallen prematurely to the ground .
his buffed chest rippled as he shuffled pans and ingredients in his breakfast prep , making the most of the basic food products prestocked in the refrigerator , cabinet , and fruit basket .
she perched on the edge of her chair with her fruit compote and tall latte , linen tablecloth brushing the top of her bare knees .
she shoved the smashed fruit into her mouth .
her balance wobbled between her teetering heels and the awkward basket packed with her ham and mushroom souffle and a fruit cocktail jell - o mold .
different fruits , whatever . ''
he looked past a table of locals eating summer vegetables and fruits to a group of tourists tearing into a loaf of turkish bread .
marta dumped the sack on the counter and sifted through the fresh fruit and bread to pluck free a new disposable phone .
a juicy fruit salad accompanied loaves of hearty peasant bread and deli meats , cheeses and spreads of their choice .
snacks , breakfast pastries , fruit and ice cream .
she sank her teeth into the fruit and tossed him the square packet .
he took a bite , then set the fruit aside to have her .
` ` madison needs the fruit in that raspberry pastry . ''
he kept his gaze firmly off the looming four - poster bed with its poufy comforter across the room and a nice little spread of wine with holiday candies , fruit and nuts beside it .
ramon stood in the hall , such a benign - looking man in his favored workout clothes with a tropical fruit smoothie in his hand .
she needed to be all the more careful with the exertion , sweating and weird diet of bananas and passion fruit .
lucia popped the fruit into her mouth and chewed , swiping her wrist over a trickle of juice at the corner of her mouth .
some simple toast with a fruit salsa in a small crock .
time to lay off the spiked fruit punch before it ruined the whole night for her .
he ate , trying not to watch her fingers scoop out the sweet fruit and suck the syrup off her fingers .
she set aside her empty fruit packet .
` ` like i used to tell myself the gallons of peach ice cream meant healthy milk and fruit . ''
darcy poked her head through the kitchen bar opening and waggled a fruit roll - up at them .
she passed him his sandwich like eve handing over the forbidden fruit .
instead he stood barebutt naked , smelling like some fruit farm .
splashes of blooming colors and ripening fruits dotted the landscape like tropical christmas lights .
the place had clearly been serviced , from the fresh basket of fruit on the kitchen island to the thriving plants climbing toward the vaulted ceiling .
one day they were dining in france and another day picnicking off fresh fruit from the trees around his costa rican retreat .
a bottle of champagne sat chilling in an ice bucket , and a platter of fruit and an assortment of sandwiches and desserts had been left by the window , next to a large arrangement of flowers .
the rest of us want to work on our fruit . ''
` ` but if you insist on painting fruit , how about cherries ?
` ` for tasting the forbidden fruit . ''
she picked up a strawberry from the side dish of fresh fruit .
she took in the greek yogurt , orange juice , eggs , skim milk , and fruit .
she asked him about richard and said she would be sending a fruit basket when he was released from the hospital .
though she knew she ought to eat and had ordered up something light , she merely picked at the salad and fruit , too nervous for a full meal .
i got you fresh milk and some fruit .
after all the years of being aggressive , going after what he wanted and doing things his way , spencer atkins was running scared because some pansy politician did n't want to acknowledge a fruit in his family tree .
lottie was busy whipping a huge batch of eggs together and i was supposed to be working on cutting up fruit , but i was too distracted .
aud took her time deciding and finally picked the fruit and cheese crepes and hash browns .
` ` skittles are like fruit , right ?
so it 's like chocolate - covered fruit .
` ` it 's like chocolate - covered fruit . ''
next level , instead of fruits and vegetables , you ' ve got the three cs : cookies , candy and caffeine .
but it was something with fruit and what vaguely resembled a crust , so pie was what tanner would go with .
like , for instance , if he could be any fruit in the world , it would be a coconut , because they never took themselves too seriously .
he began to remove the metal covers from bacon and eggs and a platter of fresh fruit , then looked up at her and smiled .
at one point it had been some type of fruit tree , but age and neglect had twisted the heavy lower branches .
... -from the legend of the hellequin megs stood late the next morning in the garden of saint house , staring hard at the gnarled old fruit tree .
a small table of wine , tiny cakes , fruit , nuts , and cheeses sat to the side , and megs could n't help reflecting how expensive the theater box must be to rent .
she paused by the old fruit tree and laid her hand on the rough bark , somehow soothed by its presence .
she took it , lifting her head to peer at him as she 'd peered at the fruit tree , looking for signs of life .
the old fruit tree made a macabre outline against the night sky , and as he passed it , godric wondered how long before megs gave up and conceded that the thing was dead .
` ` perhaps you can give me an opinion on my fruit tree , '' megs said as she and the viscount strolled in that direction .
any fruit there might be .
the footman returned followed by two of his compatriots bearing platters of cold meats , cheeses , bread , and fruit .
she took the opportunity to serve herself some cheese and fruit .
every morning it was the king 's habit to stroll about his garden and inspect the fruit trees , which were his pride and joy .
sweets and rich meats and hothouse fruits .
months of scheming had finally born sweet , juicy fruit and yet he still had a feeling of ... what ?
there were platters of thinly sliced pheasant , roasted rabbits , fish in wine , pigeon pie , fresh hothouse fruit , and enormous serving dishes heaped with oysters .
the housekeeper bustled around the table serving roasted chicken , boiled vegetables , jellies , and fruit .
there would be crowds of people , families out for a holiday , hawkers selling meat pies and fruit , and of course scores of soldiers .
others heckled and threw rotting fruit and worse .
it was a look as old as eden , as old as eve daring adam with a bit of over - ripened fruit .
he 'd tasted that fruit once , and though it had been difficult , he 'd weaned himself from its heady sweetness .
she could smell the sweet fruit , almost taste the flaky pastry , and before she knew it , she had opened her lips .
they pushed wheelbarrows with wilting vegetables or carried trays empty now of pies and fruit .
` ` now , meg , '' king lockedheart said as he took a gold plate and set meat and sugared fruit upon it .
finally the young man led truth teller to a great dining hall and set before him a meal of roasted meat and fine bread and all manner of exotic fruit .
besides the meat pie , there were new peas , carrots , fresh bread , and stewed fruit .
` ` maybe some fruit and cold meat ?
there 's a ham and some bread and fruit .
jasper nudged belle 's flanks to guide her around a pushcart piled high with ripe fruit .
she cocked her hip flirtatiously as she held out the fruit .
the fruit girl 's laughter followed him as he rode through the crowded street .
he was trailed by a maid bearing a silver tray of bread , cheese , and fruit .
he watched her fingers on the fruit and imagined them somewhere else entirely .
she parted her pale pink lips and bit into the fruit .
she led them to a red sitting room with paintings of enormous baskets of fruit bracketing a black enamel and gilt fireplace .
he pursed his lips and tilted his head as if he were examining a suspect piece of fruit .
` ` you wo n't believe , but the punch was gone by ten , and there was hardly much for a midnight supper - only a few meat pies and fruit .
tiny lanterns hung from the branches of fruit trees in the garden , and they sparkled like fireflies in the autumn dusk .
i remember thinking at first that it was fruit punch or something , and i could n't understand why she was taking a bath in juice . ''
` ` still has n't borne fruit , '' he muttered .
` ` there are several import - type ventures here - coffee , fruit , textiles . ''
though i knew my blood was as tempting as the forbidden fruit to him , he did n't hesitate to tenderly clean and bandage the cut .
the spray was room temperature and unlike earth water there was the subtle taste of fruit and an almost coppery blood tang to it .
i recalled the name of the fruit that had given the water this taste , the olinade .
drifting along the top of the water were dozens of the large red olinade fruits .
it was the only fruit my species ate , perhaps the only other thing , besides blood and souls that they consumed while aboard the ships .
like a fishing bobber , the fruit popped back up to the top as the blood followed the route of the river throughout the ship .
the olinade danced and swirled throughout and a light bulb went off in my head as to how the fruit had acquired its sweet , coppery taste .
thick golden fruit that i did n't recognize hung from the lower boughs ; the weight of them pulled the tips of the branches into the clear purple water below .
i did n't know what out of this would be considered the fountain , whether it was the tree itself , the water , the fruit , or perhaps it was everything working together , but i was certain that we had just discovered the source of the ancients immortality .
` ` they must have been crazy to drink or eat from this originally , '' steve muttered as he eyed the fruit like it was going to bite him , which i was n't entirely sure that it would n't .
or if you just want to go into the kitchen and get a piece of fresh fruit , do it . ''
` ` i mix mine in the blender with a killer recipe of fruit and juice your sister told me about , but if you do n't want to take vitamins , then do n't .
and we need fresh fruit , not juice .
sometimes it was difficult to force herself to eat fruit or vegetables .
gwen asked as she leaned a slender hip on the center island , picked a fresh chocolate - covered strawberry from a tray , and nibbled on the ripe fruit .
he 'd almost kissed her , almost tasted the most forbidden fruit of all .
she tasted like wine and smelled like passion fruit and flowers .
in their room a fruit , cheese , and wine basket met them .
lucky charms and fruit loops were the least of the problem .
he liked every fruit in the produce department , and even had a preference for the cut of steak he ate .
how exhausting it was during the labor and how thrilling it felt to hold the fruits of that labor in her arms .
` ` cheese , crackers , and fruit if you get in line first . ''
fresh flowers sat on a table by the door , a basket of fruit graced the dining table .
he glanced at a banana tree and saw a bundle of green fruit hanging from the stock .
monica scouted the forest floor and managed a few pieces of fruit that were ripe enough to eat .
dean topped off his coffee and brought a plate of fruit and toast over to her .
a fancy night out , plenty of champagne , wine , shrimp cocktail , fruit , cheese , the works .
without too much effort , selma had the sandwiches on plates , cut up a lone apple from the fruit bowl , and poured them milk that had miraculously appeared in the fridge since the day before .
helen sighed as selma walked back in the room with a tray of fruit and cheese .
he bent his head and captured her lips , soft and warm and sweet like the nectar of an overripe fruit .
ahead of him , a younger boy ran to place two pieces of fruit upon a nearby stump of a fallen tree .
the arrow found the heart of the fruit , and his friends hollered in triumph .
unaffected , the scot quickly lifted his bow and split his fruit in two .
both boys stepped several yards back while the younger boy set up two more pieces of fruit .
when the arrow whipped through the air , tatiana saw it reaching toward the heart of the fruit .
the younger boy who 'd placed the fruit rushed to his friend and patted him on his back .
she bought packets of seeds for several types of plants , fruits and vegetables .
you do n't happen to have any cheese or fruit to go with this , do you ? ''
what is wine without cheese and fruit ? ''
so it was for the dracule : when they ate cheese or fruit or pastries , or any sort of food , or partook of wine or ale , it was purely for pleasure .
` ` my roommate 's a fruit loop dingus . ''
he 'd recently developed a taste for the sweet fruit , and even ten feet away , he could catch the female 's heady fragrance .
candi did n't argue , she just turboed her way through the aisles , filling the cart about a quarter of the way with fresh fruit and vegetables , cheese , pastas and rice , and then some eggs and meats .
maybe there are some other fruits or nuts or something over on other parts of the island .
on the ground , in a clearing where the sun was able to shine through pretty strongly , was a round , green fruit of some sort .
jonathan gave him the fruit and kevin sliced it in half .
the container had a picture of a guava fruit on it .
` ` how did a guava tree get all the way over here if it 's a mexican fruit ? ''
i thought i just heard you say a bird brought a fruit tree here in its butt . ''
what i meant was , the birds eat the fruit in mexico , which means they get a seed or two in their bellies , then they fly around in their migratory pattern over to an island , they poop , and the seeds come out and start growing .
that 's how fruit trees that were native in one place start growing in other places - when it 's not man transplanting them , that is . ''
kevin cut the fruit up into four pieces .
bird 's ass fruit .
she squeezed some of the guava fruit they had collected over the fish to see if it would change the taste a little bit , putting more pieces of the fruit in with the fish too , wrapped up in banana leaves for cooking .
she squeezed some of the guava fruit they had collected over the fish to see if it would change the taste a little bit , putting more pieces of the fruit in with the fish too , wrapped up in banana leaves for cooking .
` ` first , we have , of course , a fruit salad , made up of bananas and guava .
` ` natural fermentation using wild yeasts and fruit sugars - of course . ''
she 's named after a fruit , for chrissakes .
the words tasted sour , like unripe fruit on my tongue .
as colin fills up a plastic bag with bananas , i stand in front of the big , red juicy fruits with my mouth watering .
` ` i ' m not staring , '' i say , my face flaming up to the point that i ' m sure it looks like one of those fruits .
there 's fruit , vegetables , and several jars of baby food in there .
she 's staring at a line of organic fruit jars .
she 'd always loved taking a bite of forbidden fruit .
the fruit salad i 'd eaten for breakfast was about to make an encore appearance , but i swallowed hard and leaned toward the screen as i clicked the message .
at that moment , he was absolutely livid , and only a fruit loop would have wanted nick 's wrath shifted to them .
of course none of these facts helped the situation , because forbidden fruit was so much more tempting .
realized that she had been pretty much dismissed as unimportant right now , taryn hopped onto the black marble counter and grabbed herself a peach from the fruit bowl .
she gestured at the dining table where croissants , toasted bread , bacon , scrambled eggs , baked beans , sausages , platters of cold meat , various fruits , and cereals were all laid out .
` ` fruit juice . ''
she smelled of exotic fruits , of him , of pregnancy , and of home .
let 's go murder some fruit . ''
tim stopped his torture of the fruit to comment .
` ` i ' m gon na get some fruit for tim . ''
i quickly filled my plate with fruit and a hard - boiled egg , joining jared , finn and becky at the table .
i waited to hear what jared had to say while i watched tim walk down my arm to the table where he grabbed some fruit off my plate and started eating .
i heard from the table where tim was sitting and eating a piece of fruit .
try eating something other than fruit . ''
stick to the fruit .
then , i 'd feed tim an entire plate of fruit , and lock ben and him up in a very small , enclosed space ... my happy thoughts were interrupted by another sound at the door .
we all walked to the dining hall and i let tim 's yammering away about his list of top ten fruits distract me from all the questions swirling around in my head ... ` ` ...
it had some of the normal stuff like sausage , eggs , and fruit ; but then there were some mystery meats i was afraid to know too much about - some of which were moving a little .
just so you know , pixies eat fruit . ''
i put some sandwichy looking meats on my plate and some different fruit from a fruit platter at the end of the line .
i put some sandwichy looking meats on my plate and some different fruit from a fruit platter at the end of the line .
better hurry up or i ' m gon na eat your fruit . ''
he blamed it on the fruit .
` ` they have a mixed fruit plate too .
jared handled the transportation and within thirty minutes we were at the grill ordering our burgers and fries plus a side of two chunks of pineapple picked out of a mixed fruit cup .
reah supports kifirin with gishi fruit .
chapter 2 i 'd only been to avendor once before , skipping there more than twenty - five years earlier to learn how to grow gishi fruit .
now i was back and standing in a line of migratory workers who went from one grove to the next , offering their services to pick , pack , cull or ship the fruit .
i 'd always found picking fruit to be peaceful work ; the trees held no judgment or betrayal .
hoversteps were round ladders you could operate with hand or foot controls to raise , lower or navigate around the tree to reach all the fruit .
gishi fruit is expensive ; i ' m sure all of you know that .
we followed keedan until we reached a place where hoversteps waited between seemingly endless rows of gishi fruit trees .
i will be waiting at the end and checking the fruit that comes from your individual rows .
most went scrabbling after the hoversteps closest to us and began clipping fruit from the trees right away .
culls were dropped to the ground and the fruit without blemishes went into individual trays inside each crate .
the trays were formed to fit gishi fruit and protected the harvested fruit when the next tray was set atop it .
the trays were formed to fit gishi fruit and protected the harvested fruit when the next tray was set atop it .
with more than twenty turns of experience handpicking gishi fruit on kifirin , i knew what i was doing .
gishi fruit harvests generally paid much better than any other type of fruit crop , and good , experienced pickers were often easy to spot .
gishi fruit harvests generally paid much better than any other type of fruit crop , and good , experienced pickers were often easy to spot .
the fruit was much more rare and expensive than nannas , oranges or peaches in any case , and required a certain type of handling as well .
you did n't squeeze gishi fruit when you clipped the stem .
it would bruise if handled too roughly and cut the price of the fruit by more than half .
my three bunkmates and i were sent to a nearby tent after we finished , where cold water , fruit juice and sliced melon waited .
` ` i think the trees sometimes sigh with relief when we remove the weight of the fruit , '' i said .
` ` plus , i get to think my own thoughts while i pick fruit .
a young man flopped onto the ground near yendah 's feet , a cup of fruit juice in his hand .
` ` you left good fruit hanging on at least eight trees .
` ` you dumped good fruit on the ground with the culls .
keedan went through several others , voicing his concerns about their harvesting skills , bruising of fruit or running their hoverstep into the trunk of a tree .
i 'd served the fowl with a sauce using the meager ingredients i had , plus sauteed vegetables , sliced cheese and fresh fruit for dessert .
` ` i ' ve done everything there is to do with gishi fruit while pregnant before , '' i said .
i 'd picked gishi fruit while eight months pregnant with my middle twins .
harvesting gishi fruit gives me a bit of peace and quiet . ''
surrounded by the green of gishi fruit groves , it was something out of a myth or legend .
i was introduced to all the supervisors who ran eaststar groves on avendor , the smallest of the four gishi fruit farming concerns on the planet .
` ` how can they sell their fruit as organic ? ''
the crown owns vast cattle herds , and as you know , the crown also owns the gishi fruit groves .
i understood that look - at least a dozen trees had been destroyed , and each gishi fruit tree was worth around a million credits over its lifetime .
i asked , crouching down to examine the white , ashy stump that remained of a gishi fruit tree .
` ` king jayd laughed at me when i suggested that we try gishi fruit as a money crop on the southern continent .
he was right ; i 'd just been able to shove most of that aside for the past three eight - days or so , in favor of picking gishi fruit .
` ` i 'd like for him to look at a spot where somebody burned gishi fruit trees earlier today . ''
i was perfectly happy in the gishi fruit groves on avendor .
` ` we 're thinking about moving her to the plantation , since she went straight to avendor to work in the gishi fruit groves , '' gavril said .
he could likely toss my body halfway across the gishi fruit groves on kifirin .
i was trimming back branches on gishi fruit trees in eaststar 's groves .
before , gishi fruit grew on trees in jungles and the locals sold the fruit to passing tourists .
before , gishi fruit grew on trees in jungles and the locals sold the fruit to passing tourists .
the fruit was large , the pebbled skin smooth in my hands as i expertly gathered it and set it atop layers of dividers , filling each tray before setting another one inside the crate and repeating the process .
just as with the gishi fruit , filled crates were left at the edge of the row for a hovertruck to gather .
` ` hmmph , '' i sighed , looking up as a server set a glass of water and some fruit juice in front of me .
farzi and nenzi did n't have ready transportation and they were too busy trying to keep campiaa in fresh fruit and vegetables .
we could talk about his gishi fruit harvest .
` ` you know , as tall as you are , you would n't need a hoverstep to harvest most of the fruit , '' i told tory , who blinked at me in surprise , most likely because i 'd spoken to him voluntarily .
` ` you will not be seen or heard , '' belen said as they all stood in the gishi fruit groves on kifirin .
reah jerked the wrench , the bolt came loose and she fell with a cry , flat on her back in the dirt between rows of gishi fruit trees .
the fruit was halfway harvested , to the best of my estimation .
i 'd made gishi fruit ice cream for him inside his massive kitchen and watched while a slow smile spread across his face when he tasted it .
edward and i were now discussing a gishi fruit ice - cream plant to be placed on part of eaststar 's property , using the slightly blemished fruit that could n't be shipped with the rest of the crop .
edward and i were now discussing a gishi fruit ice - cream plant to be placed on part of eaststar 's property , using the slightly blemished fruit that could n't be shipped with the rest of the crop .
i was offering an alternative for the blemished fruit .
they already carry my gishi fruit .
` ` and since it 's frozen , it 'll keep a lot longer than gishi fruit , '' edward chuckled .
` ` and that gishi fruit ice cream ?
` ` i can do that ; i 'll just have to ask edward for gishi fruit . ''
` ` gishi fruit ice cream , '' astralan grinned and then employed power to get both of us out of the hammock .
dandril was edward 's gishi fruit distributor throughout the campiaan alliance .
edward set a tink carton of gishi fruit ice cream in front of dandril and offered him a wrapped plastic spoon .
` ` gishi fruit ice cream , '' edward 's smile widened .
` ` and now he grows gishi fruit . ''
i need to pick up a couple of things and get the fresh gishi fruit from edward , but that 's it . ''
edward smiled and led me to a barn where crates of gishi fruit waited .
i was about to make the rum and fruit drink that everyone seemed to like so much .
what i wanted to talk to you about is gishi fruit .
i ' m just the guy who grows gishi fruit .
` ` growing gishi fruit works for me , '' i said .
` ` you 're telling me this fruit only grows on two planets ? ''
they ' ve tried to grow it elsewhere , but the trees just die or the fruit is bitter . ''
i took the slightly blemished fruit that we could n't sell and made ice cream for the employees .
` ` i will go check the gishi fruit groves , then , '' garde sighed .
a view of gishi fruit groves , stretching for clicks met my gaze when my eyes opened .
jayd walked through the kifirini gishi fruit groves with hild marolla .
as you can see , these are gishi fruit trees . ''
a bowl of hot cereal was placed in front of me next , with fruit and brown sugar mixed in .
reporters went out to interview customers about the gishi fruit ice cream , all while money poured in .
` ` they 're not thriving and the fruit is smaller than it should be . ''
` ` and now that gishi fruit ice cream is selling everywhere and making a ton of money , we ca n't get our hands on the recipe . ''
our ice cream was selling before it was made and edward was negotiating with the owner of southstar for blemished fruit .
he was offering top credit for their less than perfect gishi fruit .
edward 's employees inspected the fruit before it was purchased ; he had a knack for choosing the right people for those things .
` ` you 're making the gishi fruit ice cream ? ''
i ' m making the gishi fruit ice cream .
` ` you do n't ever get to choose your family , '' i breathed deeply of the fresh air rising above the gishi fruit groves .
if they can manage those gishi fruit groves as well as reah did , then they 're on their way toward industrialization . ''
edward had taken the reptanoids out to the groves to look for whatever was chewing on gishi fruit trees in the eastern grove .
an omnivore , it loved small mammals and fruit trees , chewing the bark off the lower portion of the tree and killing it that way .
no less than sixty were rounded up and set on the neighboring gishi fruit groves .
* * * ` ` want to invest in gishi fruit , my love ? ''
credits are much easier to distribute to the family than gishi fruit groves , are they not ? ''
teeg brought edward and the others , with enough gishi fruit ice cream for everybody .
fruit and tropical trees were everywhere around the pool and a small portion of it was very private , with a waterfall making soothing sounds as it emptied nearby .
he 'd grown gishi fruit before his rivals .
` ` if i donate a portion of my gishi fruit allotment , will i get ice cream out of it ? ''
` ` this one is yours , mine will contain alcohol when it comes , '' he grinned and handed the glass of fruit juice to me .
` ` we ' ve gotten rid of the fruit thieves and the incompetent workers .
` ` hey , honey , '' i said to astralan , who 'd appeared inside the kitchen while i drank a protein fruit jumble that kevis shoved at me .
we ended up sharing a small tub of gishi fruit ice cream .
he pushed another in ry 's direction , and soon tory , lendill , farzi , nenzi , lok and aurelius were having gishi fruit ice cream .
` ` do we have an inside source on getting gishi fruit ice cream ? ''
` ` i like looking out the windows of my bedroom and seeing gishi fruit trees as far as i can look , '' i said .
the sun is shining on the gishi fruit trees . ''
* * * the swing rocked gently as i sat on the deck outside my suite , staring across the groves of gishi fruit trees .
it would take two months before another harvest of fruit would be ready .
adam , merrill and the other new owners of northstar groves had already agreed to provide us with their blemished fruit .
i run the gishi fruit groves here on kifirin , and garde insists on sending me crown employees injured or disabled elsewhere and then expects me to care for them or find work they can do in a limited capacity .
the fruit was almost ready , and insects would be waiting if i or another high demon did n't walk through the groves as smaller thifilathi or in my case , thifilatha , to keep the tiny predators away .
only the gishi fruit from kifirin could claim that it was completely organic .
` ` the gishi fruit groves are paying the bills and allowing us to repay loans .
he 'd ordered reah to oversee the gishi fruit groves .
the fruit had only been grown on one other planet before reah experimented and grew the trees in volcanic soil from the southern continent .
the trees had shot up quickly , bearing fruit within five years .
she watched every credit spent on the gishi fruit groves while maintaining a fair wage for her employees .
when garde suggested that they send some of their slightly injured state employees to reah to sort fruit before crating and shipping , it had turned into a steady flow .
where the gishi fruit is grown . ''
teeg placed emphasis on gishi fruit , as if i did n't know where it was grown originally .
` ` i love gishi fruit , '' i enthused , taking president drix 's hand .
` ` i 'll send you a crate of fruit , '' president drix smiled .
i hoped the vehicles would be ready to haul crates of harvested fruit to the barns and that the shipping freighters would escape the pirates .
` ` then jayd can harvest the fruit next week .
he was still a bit damp after the drenching in the gishi fruit grove .
and they ' ve been hitting president d wi presidrix 's gishi fruit shipments .
now , there was only avendor in the campiaan alliance that also grew gishi fruit .
kifirin supplied the reth alliance with gishi fruit ; avendor supplied the campiaan alliance .
` ` just wondering what drix would have said earlier if he knew i grew the gishi fruit on kifirin . ''
` ` with gishi fruit , '' jayd said .
` ` the fruit will be ready in two days . ''
hifil , my crew supervisor , handed me a gishi fruit that he 'd cut in half .
kifirin was suddenly there before me , standing in the space between rows of gishi trees , their deep green , oval leaves sighing in the late afternoon breeze and fruit hanging heavy on their branches .
i do n't see garde out here harvesting or doing anything that might get the fruit to market .
garde and his bone - crushing thug of a son can harvest the fruit .
feel free to wait here and tell garde when he shows up that he can oversee the harvest and care for the disabled and arrange for a ship to haul the fruit .
garde and jayd both stood inside reah 's house while the work crews were scrambling to get out to the fields and harvest ripened gishi fruit .
he was grumbling because some of the help he 'd brought in had stacked the fruit too deeply in packing boxes , crushing the bottom layers .
i could still shoot ; snakes lurked throughout the gishi fruit groves .
darletta schuul was with faldin , dressed in something that i could n't have afforded with five years ' pay in the gishi fruit groves .
` ` reah , the first gishi fruit shipment from kifirin was hijacked by pirates , '' lendill added as i read the ad for the cook 's position .
both fruits need the same type of cool environment to ship , and i 'll lay money on the odds that a nanna shipment wo n't get attacked . ''
crates of oxberries , gishi fruit , redberries and a few other items , all fresh and in season , were available for my use .
` ` this is black chocolate cake , thinly sliced , with fresh oxberries and raspberries , a sprig of mint and a scoop of gishi fruit ice cream . ''
nobody else made gishi fruit ice cream .
i 'd learned how to make ice cream at niff 's ; lissa allowed me to have the recipes , and i 'd developed the gishi fruit ice cream after i 'd grown the trees .
` ` only enough for six servings , since the gishi fruit is so expensive , '' i said .
` ` gishi fruit ice cream , andquo cce d lot ; zen said as nedrizif rolled his eyes in pleasure at the taste .
he was still angry about the hijacked gishi fruit shipment , and blew smoke whenever he thought about it .
` ` we 'll label the next gishi fruit shipment as nannas , as she suggested , and when we ship the nannas out , we 'll say it 's gishi fruit .
` ` we 'll label the next gishi fruit shipment as nannas , as she suggested , and when we ship the nannas out , we 'll say it 's gishi fruit .
` ` when did kifirin start growing gishi fruit ? ''
reah thought the southern continent would support the fruit .
` ` gishi fruit has become kifirin 's top export . ''
that must bring in a lot of money , since gishi fruit is so expensive . ''
` ` we may be able to pay off kifirin 's debts , just by selling gishi fruit . ''
` ` but on another note , we can plant some of your holdings on the southern continent now , and you can raise gishi fruit .
i left when ry did so i could get a head start on the ice cream , fruit puree and sauces i 'd need for the cakes and pastries .
` ` the tarts are good with fresh fruit , '' i went on .
i quickly cut eight thin slices of cake , placed the berries and mint sprig , sprinkled the cake with gold flakes and then scooped the gishi fruit ice cream onto the plates last of all .
nedrizif , upon hearing the gishi fruit dessert would be served , had included himself at the private dinner .
` ` daddy , is this gishi fruit ice cream ? ''
` ` this is gishi fruit ice cream , served exclusively by galedaro 's , '' zendeval announced proudly .
` ` there 's usually enough dessert left for kserr r them to get what they want , but i ' ve threatened them over the gishi fruit ice cream .
` ` i just wanted to tell you that we 'll need enough gishi fruit ice cream on hand for sixty servings each day , '' zendeval rjjn did n't even bother with a hello .
` ` that excludes the gishi fruit ice - cream dessert , '' i said .
i was n't speaking to anyone when i arrived in the kitchens the following day , putting gishi fruit ice cream together first thing .
two assistants i 'd fed the night before came over and silently began peeling fruit beside me .
` ` are you really serving gishi fruit ice cream at galedaro 's ? ''
the nanna shipment was taken by pirates , when we labeled it as gishi fruit .
the gishi fruit we labeled as nannas was left alone . ''
i hear that some of the gishi fruit growers on avendor have been devastated by the losses of this year 's crop . ''
it means a steady flow of fruit , instead of waiting for the proper seasons on avendor . ''
with the cost of gishi fruit going up due to the pirate attacks , we 'll be able to pay off the debt by the end of the year if our remaining shipments go through , '' garde said .
when reah mentioned it , i almost laughed in her face and told her that if she wanted to grow gishi fruit on kifirin , she was welcome to waste her time . ''
whether she bought fruit and planted seeds or managed to get seedlings from avendor , i have no idea .
more than a third of the gishi fruit shipments from avendor had been seized by pirates , in addition to crews and the ships hauling the fruit .
more than a third of the gishi fruit shipments from avendor had been seized by pirates , in addition to crews and the ships hauling the fruit .
` ` kifirin just shipped a load of gishi fruit in sealed containers that were labeled as nannas .
the nannas were labeled as gishi fruit .
the nannas labeled as gishi fruit were taken while the gishi fruit labeled as nannas went right through . ''
the nannas labeled as gishi fruit were taken while the gishi fruit labeled as nannas went right through . ''
ry got them seated in our tiny sitting area and offered all of them the rum and fruit drink i 'd prepared earlier .
` ` six successful deliveries of gishi fruit , '' dee whispered gleefully to gavril as they walked through the pool area behind gavril 's palace .
only all those cartons held gishi fruit in special , cool boxes .
i asked drix to send the culls on a ship and label it as gishi fruit .
` ` we 're having difficulty getting gishi fruit , '' perdil growled the moment he walked into the pastry kitchen .
the fruit should be in season now , '' i said .
i had enough fruit to make two more batches of ice cream .
` ` ask your brother , i ' m going to look at the gishi fruit groves . ''
i asked at one point , when he came to check our supply of gishi fruit .
i did n't know how long i 'd been down , but likely they were out of gishi fruit ice cream .
i never measured anything , basing amounts on the number and size of gishi fruits i had .
more gishi fruit ice cream had to be made as well ; the dessert was more popular than anyone imagined , even with the exorbitant cost .
i was wishing for a bit of fruit or brown sugar at first , but i could n't eat n= '' 3nee place emuch of the stuff anyway .
the table was covered by bowls filled with grapes , oranges , pears , nannas and even gishi fruit .
` ` and reah knows how to make gishi fruit ice cream .
` ` fruit juice , '' ry grinned and handed the glass to me .
this one was using a filleting knife to slice gishi fruit .
it was n't meant to be used to cut fruit .
i ate a little ; there was fruit and dried pasta .
avendor grew the much desired gishi fruit that sold on the black market for more money that most drugs .
` ` reah , how hard would it be to get one of those fruit drinks with rum in it ? ''
` ` you want more fruit drinks or a tomato spice ? ''
i went to the kitchen and put a citrus fruit drink together for her and brought it out in a tall glass .
i put a fruit drink together for all of us , while radolf and i got five stuffed ducks into the ovens .
the two kinds of fruit had been peeled and seeded and the brown sugars were there , as were the tomato puree and spices .
` ` you cut the uyto fruit with a fork ? ''
actually , since it will be easier to acquire gishi fruit , i was thinking about substituting that for the uyto fruit . ''
actually , since it will be easier to acquire gishi fruit , i was thinking about substituting that for the uyto fruit . ''
` ` i 'll try it soon , if i can get my hands on the fruit .
lissa accepted a fruit drink from ilvan , who loved working in the palace kitchen with radolf .
it consisted of berries blended with fruit juice and was quite decent .
fresh fruit went with that , as did a flavored tea and coffee .
now the farms were thriving and the casinos got fresh fruit and vegetables .
i handed lenden an iced fruit juice blend and he sipped it as he watched me prepare other drinks for jusef and marc .
jusef put something together for me - a quick snack of fruit , cheese and crackers with a glass of juice .
jes and lenden lifted me and helped me walk to the island , where a dish of fruit and a flaky roll waited .
` ` we 'll be going to a remote area here on shillverr , '' teeg informed me as i forced myself to eat more fruit .
imagine getting gishi fruit easily and inexpensively . ''
he loved gishi fruit and had only gotten it when an illegal shipment had been confiscated in the occasional raid .
plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables found their way into the menu , as did nutritious soups and stews .
instead , i put crepes together , stuffing them with fresh fruit and sweet cream .
` ` we 're targeting an area in the garden district near the equator - most of the fruit and vegetables tulgalan produces comes from there and it 's the least populated in this particular portion - the oceans where the tourists visit are hundreds of clicks away .
` ` reah , baby , norian wants one of those fruit and rum drinks , '' tory poked his head inside the door .
somebody had folded us to the site of the core tapping while tory was attempting to hand one of the fruit and protein jumbles to me .
i would have preferred the redberry fruit instead of that .
food was in the keepers and cabinets that i could prepare if i wanted , or i could nibble on fresh fruits and vegetables if i were too exhausted to cook .
` ` yes , but it was fruit juice . ''
cutting thin slices of fowl , i dredged them in flour , fried them quickly and made a sauce to go with them , in addition to fresh fruit and sweetened cream .
the prince looked at each of his three wives later over a meal of spiced meat wrapped in flat bread with fresh fruit on the side .
fresh fruit went with the rest , and teeg ate everything .
i 'd gotten fruit juice to go with my sandwich ; teeg had ordered a mixed drink .
tiny sandwiches , fresh fruit and drinks were placed on trays and xiri 's two assistants and i hauled it out to the pool .
i served fruit drinks - all of which were liberally laced with rum .
tropical fruit was everywhere and freshly picked .
i had a sauce recipe that required some of the fruit we found .
i drizzled glaze over the pastries as xiri put plates of sliced fresh fruit out , and then added broiled strips of bacon .
he wiggled suggestively , letting me know he was n't talking about the fruit .
ande and malin had also stopped peeling fruit to listen .
he found a list of all the fruit lendill had given him , combining those elements with the green nuts and palaca meat , then listed all the planets where those items were available in the same location .
i got fruit and tea before going to my meeting with arvil .
it made me wonder how much of the fruit and vegetables grish supplied to non - alliance worlds and if there would be a shortage as a result of the fields being used to grow drakus seed instead .
they 'd been harvested already and the new fruit had n't begun to grow yet .
and i did n't shed a tear over grish - he 's probably been smuggling drugs and contraband with his fruit and vegetable shipments for years .
arvil had asked for the rum and fruit drinks i made - he was just as fond of them as his brother had been , i think .
` ` we worry about two fields , '' farzi informed me as we selected fruits and vegetables to buy for the plantation .
we picked up butter and plenty of sour cream , all the vegetables and fruit we needed , plus several kinds of meats .
i served two to astralan with some fruit spread .
i hugged farzi , nenzi and the others who jumped in and helped with sandwiches while i put soup and a fruit dessert together .
i showed the bartenders how to make the rum and fruit drink at arvil 's insistence .
the submissive will not snack between meals , with the exception of fruit .
` ` omelet , please , and some fruit . ''
the next display is by a female painter who specializes in figurative art - fruit and vegetables super close up and in rich , glorious color .
he pulls over the tray on wheels and lifts the cover to reveal my breakfast : oatmeal with dried fruits , pancakes with bacon and maple syrup , orange juice and twinings breakfast tea .
i took some fresh fruit from a platter .
after we ate , i started cleaning and preparing the fresh fruit ms . mary had bought from the farmers ' market .
i poured two glasses of orange juice and set them on the tray next to the plates covered in scrambled eggs , toast , and fruit .
back in the kitchen , small finger sandwiches where all laid out on a plate , along with some fresh fruit .
there was fresh , cut - up fruit , two whole - wheat rolls , and a huge bowl of chicken and dumplings .
` ` we 'll both have a cup of hot tea , two of the house special omelets , and a cup of fresh fruit , please . ''
i opened up the refrigerator and took out some fruit .
eat some fruit and veggies and drink lots of water . ''
now , help your mother here with the fruit while i go clean up .
the intruder grasped her wrist , plucking it out of the darkness as if it were low - hanging fruit .
lucia gestured to the kitchen table , on which she 'd already set a bottle of wine and a plate of fruit and cheese .
while she sipped her wine and nibbled nervously on the fruit and cheese , raven came to the conclusion that there was something wrong with ambrogio , lucia , and luka .
she knew he made his bed every morning like a soldier , that his bedroom was filled with two things - clothes and books - that he ate well - protein shakes , fruit , nuts , oatmeal , vegetables , grilled chicken , fish - and that he rolled his eyes every time he took in ari and trey 's side of the refrigerator - pizza , burgers , pudding , diet soda .
ari swallowed some chewy fruit and nut .
` ` see , now you 're just turning me on with the whole ' forbidden fruit ' thing . ''
it had the words tomatoes are not a fruit printed across it .
` ` i thought tomatoes were a fruit . ''
` ` you keep your fruits . ''
the vegetables , the fruit ... all of it was bursting with flavor .
after drinking my fruit punch , i poured myself into bed , and this time when i fell asleep i was n't woken up hours later with some random dude sitting next to me .
fruit trees and flowers flourished , scenting the air .
that and drought had prevented the tree from producing fruit this season .
and in the flowers ' places , fruit began to grow , starting small and green and soon developing into full , red apples that weighed down the limbs .
there was a counter along the wall that contained assorted beverage machines , and mae bought some sort of carbonated fruit beverage that she assured him he 'd adore .
one of the perks of the oak land 's perpetual autumn was that trees and plants that normally only bore fruit late in the year were always producing .
i 'd seen servants pick all the apples from the trees surrounding his castle , only to find those same trees heavy with fruit again in a couple of days .
the weather was so mild that fruit and plants grew in abundance .
with dexterity i had n't known she possessed , she scurried up the trunk and began picking purple and gold fruit as soon as she could reach the branches .
asked jasmine with a mouthful of fruit .
the mimosa land did n't have fruit immediately growing on the road , but in this climate , one did n't have to search far for sustenance .
most of it was fruit , but the blight was still too fresh in mind for me to even think about eating any more dried meat .
there 'd been no time to search for other food , so dinner was simply more fruit .
i sped them through their leaf and flowering phases , and after a few weeks , we began to see the first signs of fruit .
one day , i was sitting in an orchard near the rowan castle , painstakingly encouraging each tree to grow its fruit .
instead , all the plants and trees bore the look of late summer , green and bursting with fruit .
the trees held the fruits of both summer and autumn now , and i hoped pagiel would soon realize there was a lot to love here in the otherworld .
i would ' ve lectured on the fat content of the milk and how bananas were one of the highest - sugar fruits .
addison , the stern and androgynous matron from the lunchroom , was just getting class started , issuing instructions on today 's assignment , which appeared to be the continuation of painting a bowl of fruit .
her painting seemed like nothing special to me and was barely discernible as fruit .
he 'd also altered the fruit 's position and painted a blue bowl - which looked much better than the actual brown one being used .
emma , while having created a much more rudimentary work , had the correct number of fruit , had placed them perfectly , and had matched every color exactly .
there was a communal supply of brushes and paint tubes near the fruit , so i made my way there with some of the other students and tried to pick my initial colors .
i finally returned to mine with several tubes , and while i could n't speak for my ability to mimic the fruit , i felt fairly confident my colors were spot - on .
gingerly , i divided my canvas into four parts and then did my best to make a rough sketch of the fruit bowl , paying careful attention to where each piece was in relation to the others .
inside the paper one , i saw french bread and some fruit .
goblin fruit there is a certain kind of girl the goblins crave .
they believed that black roosters are the devil in costume and that fruit grown out of season should never be trusted or tasted .
their unnatural fruit , how she 'd kept her jaw clamped tight against them .
` ` you never want to taste their fruit , sunshine . ''
about a tinkling laugh , and a butterfly tattoo , and a boy who would tuck his hand into her back jeans pocket while they walked , and press her up against a fence to suck her lower lip like a globe of fruit .
she was ready to give it for just one more taste of their fruit .
and when the goblin men came through the glen , calling out soft like doves cooing , ' come buy our orchard fruits , come buy ! '
she wanted that too and she had it , handfuls and mouthfuls of that witched fruit .
mairenni was a fool to trust their fruit -- where in our mountains did she think such things grew ?
that 's why he grows his evil orchards , because once you ' ve tasted his fruit you 'll give anything to taste it again , and there 's only one thing he wants . ''
but instead , her sister had braved the goblins and come home bruised and bleeding , with the pulp of that evil fruit still sticky on her skin , and mairenni , wasted and white , had clung to her and wept .
kizzy slept restlessly and dreamed many things that night -- lips and fingers and fruit , and jack husk taking off his goggles and tasting her , beginning with the tender insides of her wrists .
all the omens of the day , the swirl of swan feathers , the grave of dead grass , her grandmother 's blade still rimed with the frost of the underworld , all her memories of warnings , they coalesced into a simple understanding : deep in her veins ran the admonition never to eat fruit out of season .
there was in the air always the subtle stench of overripe fruit .
brandy , bread , dried fruit and meat , sugar , knives , baskets of new kittens with their eyes still tight .
every day the handmaidens rubbed scented oils into her skin until she was pink and fragrant , and they sang her a song about ripening fruit that she had never heard .
` ` grapes on the vine , lips as sweet as cherries , nectar dark as wine , ripen , sweet fruit , ripen .
snaya laughed too and sang , ` ` fruit sweet for the plucking , ripen , berry , ripen . ''
she was seeing young limbs encircled by blue paint and hearing in her mind a song about ripening fruit .
food was plentiful and far better than they were used to : white fish and airy bread , and what fruit !
melliel could n't help but wonder which , if any , was the fruit that had so enraged their father the emperor when it appeared by mystery at the foot of his bed .
and then , with deliberation , her eyes never leaving melliel 's , she knelt to take a fruit from the basket by the door .
the fruit burst and she tipped back her head , sucking and licking , to catch the thick juice in her mouth .
the column of her throat was exposed as red overspilled her lips , streaking down , viscous and opaque , to the white cascade of her dress , where it bloomed like flowers of blood , nothing but blood , and still she sucked at the fruit .
she held up the skin of the sucked - empty fruit and dropped it .
not the fruit .
was it she who had sent joram the basket of fruit that had seen fourteen breakblades swinging from the westway gibbet and a concubine flushed out the gutter door in a shroud ?
she couldn't - or wouldn't - believe eidolon about the fruit , but the memory of its dense flesh between her own teeth still made her want to gag .
she might have had a harp string of him , but instead she had only sent a basket of fruit , and now he was dead anyway - at this magus 's hand , if the stories were true - and ... it was as it should be .
loin fruit .
they ordered and asked that the food be brought straight to their room - and the waiter triple - checked the quantity of kebabs and tagine , flat bread and omelettes , fruit and yogurt .
on the gilded table before her rested a map of vatican city , an open laptop , and a towering sculpture of real fruit , pineapple included - as if you could just pick that up and take a bite .
karou eyed the fruit tower .
` ` lesson one : we do n't worry about how our fruit sculptures are built .
accompanying the audacious basket of fruit the stelians had sent to answer joram 's declaration of war had been a note , unsigned but for a wax seal depicting a scarab beetle .
eliza jones was what 's known in fruit parlance as : a peach .
an embroidered stool , a pair of brass lanterns , a large bowl of polished wood full of the mixed fruits of the island .
and now a wooden bowl of fruit sat atop that , and a beautiful kettle , too , with a box of tea and a pair of cups .
some throw rotten fruit at me , while others spit insults and curses at my face .
flaky rose bread , still giving off warm clouds of steam ; a thick stew swimming with golden chunks of meat and potatoes ; iced fruit ; fat tarts of raspberry and egg .
` ` one of our traders connects us with the finest fruit trees in the golden valley , '' she explains .
one of them even flings rotten fruit at her .
a bowl of fresh - cut fruit .
we are forced to eat the fruit those words have borne , held hostage by the branches growing arms around our necks , suffocating us to death , one word at a time .
i 'd been preoccupied with other things then and drawing still lifes of fruit had n't been all that appealing .
` ` blessed is the fruit of thy womb , jesus .
` ` once you reach the indies , '' i said , handing miss cowden the paper , ` ` you must see that she eats a great deal of fruit - oranges , grapefruit , and lemons , particularly .
it snorted and galloped off a few feet , then fell at once to browsing on the scattered fruit of a huge guava that overhung the ancient wall .
no real conversation occurred until the conclusion of the meal , when mamacita- '' unsmiling '' seemed an understatement of her expression - removed the plates , replacing them with a platter of fruit , three cups , and a gigantic clay pitcher .
she hesitated for a moment , then dropped from her branch like a ripe fruit , landing on the ground before him in a puff of yellow dust .
with luck , this was the fruit of that promise .
the slave market was near the docks , down a dusty road lined with sellers of fruit and coffee , dried fish and coconuts , yams and red cochineal bugs , sold for dye in small , corked glass bottles .
` ` aye , well , if we might do that ... '' he poked a piece of fruit into his mouth and ate it slowly .
he looked down then , carefully separating the other half of the fruit .
` ` should you or mrs . fraser find yourselves discommoded by the motion , i have a most capital remedy to hand - a compound of mugwort , bat dung , and the fruit of the mangrove .
i made my way toward the long tables of refreshments , where a huge array of cakes , pastries , savories , fruits , candies , stuffed rolls , and a number of objects i could n't put a name to but presumed edible were displayed .
as i turned absentmindedly from the refreshment table with a plate of fruit , i collided headlong with a dark - hued waistcoat .
he was not only as good at finding or building shelter as was jamie , but was sufficiently familiar with the flora and fauna of the area to be able to plunge into the jungle and return within half an hour bearing handfuls of edible roots , fungi , and fruit with which to augment the spartan rations in our packs .
pulling would injure the neck , and if the head were to stick ... one hundred ten hippo - that was a lot of hippopotami , i thought , abstractedly envisaging herds of them marching down to the hollow , there they will wallow , in mud , glooooorious ... ` ` now , '' i said , poised to swab the mouth and nose as they emerged - but lizzie had n't waited for prompting , and with a long deep sigh and an audible pop ! , the head delivered all at once , and the baby fell into my hands like a ripe fruit .
the leader of the rock - ribbed presbyterian immigrants from thurso , he 'd want lizzie , jo , and kezzie stoned , at the least - together with the sinful fruit of their loins .
in autumn , the place held a ripely decadent smell of squashed fruit , decaying meat , and broken vegetables that was the signature to the changing of the guard in covent garden .
` ` when i gave it an orange , it took the fruit from my hand like a christian , verra mannerly .
appetizing smells of fried meat and stewed fruit and fresh bread floated out of this ramshackle structure .
it had probably started life as some sort of fruit , but it had been some time since that fruit hung on a tree .
it had probably started life as some sort of fruit , but it had been some time since that fruit hung on a tree .
` ` the lass i was to we d had a basket on her lap , filled wi ' fruit and vegetables and other bits o ' food , and she said to me that she promised to feed me from her fields and care for me .
i offered a handful of the fruit to jamie .
but a very thorny wild rose brier flourished away in one corner , cucumber vines crawled over the ground , and a massive gourd vine rippled over a collapsed portion of the fence , thick with infant fruits .
in the kitchen , there was a bag of spinach in the fridge and a bowl of fruit on the kitchen table .
hunter appears casual with his hip cocked against a table that contains multiple bowls of fruit .
she tasted like rain , like fruit , and had the same sweet scent i 'd always worshipped on her body .
she 'd put the smallest touch of perfume on - the familiar light scent that seemed half fruit , half floral , and which she knew made me wild .
forbidden fruit mixed with my one true weakness .
you have a terrible sense of style , you need to take better care of your skin and your morning breath could knock over a fruit stand from ten paces . ''
with a thump , miracle tossed the rest of the fruit on her pile of trash and then wadded it all up together and went to toss it in the garbage .
even more the forbidden fruit than he was before .
we just finished a light afternoon snack of fresh fruits and rich cheeses , accompanied by some sort of lemon and coconut drink that has my head spinning lightly .
she sits primly on its edge as coffee is poured for her and the first course of fresh tropical fruit is served .
we are quiet as sven unpacks a breakfast of gourmet egg - and - sausage burritos , fresh fruit , orange juice and sparkling water .
i 'd probably get home with broken eggs , smooshed bread and bruised fruit , but at that moment , i could n't have cared less .
and , like any stubborn or forbidden fruit , that makes her even more irresistible .
` ` because i ' ve got a thing for forbidden fruit , laney holt .
` ` pure grain , grape pop , and fruit . ''
i mutter to myself all the way through the fruit , chastising my stupid , stupid emotional self for going there .
he 's the forbidden fruit .
she walked into the room , carefully maneuvering a tray full of all the things i had n't eaten in years : poached eggs , croissants , freshly squeezed orange juice , a fruit salad with strawberries , blueberries and yogurt .
he looked as if he were sucking fruit , the way his lips surrounded me and stretched my skin with how hard he tasted me .
brady peeled back the covering to show her a cheese and bread plate , a fruit plate loaded down with fresh strawberries , pineapple , kiwi , and melon , and another tray with finger food that they picked at as the afternoon sun faded into evening .
but by the time massey showed up at the bar , liz had had enough drinks in that short time frame that whatever concoction she was drinking tasted like fruit punch .
george looked up from his desk , from the small cutting he was making that seemed to be a still life of fruit ( or possibly a spaniel ) taking shape in front of him .
after she finally , finally finished the last of the dreariest essex queue counts in the history of dreary essex queue counts , and after she 'd picked up a cranky , under - slept jp from yet another saturday with her father , who was weirdly distracted and mumbled something about getting back to his cuttings , and then having at last arrived home after going to two separate supermarkets to find the only kind of juice jp was drinking this week ( mango , passion fruit and peach ) , there was a knock on amanda 's front door .
it was flanked by a series of shacks that had apparently evolved to meet the workers ' needs : a barber 's stall , a cigarette vendor , a man selling fruit and eggs , and another with bicycle parts .
17 among the 300 different items the red cross has put aboard for the use of brides are bed linen , towels , stationery , medical and beauty preparations , and tons of tinned fruit , cream , biscuits , meat and boxes of chocolates .
two women walked past , balancing oversized baskets of fruit on their heads with the same nonchalant ease as the brides wore their hats .
small tugs unloaded huge crates of fresh fruit and vegetables , feeding them through hatches into the hold , while on the other side the tankers began to refuel the ship .
behind them , the tables stood abandoned , apple charlotte and fruit salad on the plates , glasses half empty .
tanzie there were four different types of danish pastry at the breakfast buffet , and three different types of fruit juice and a whole rack of those little individual packets of cereal that mum said were uneconomical and would never buy .
two slices of cheese , a yoghurt , and ... ' he tugged his jacket over his crotch , reached down , grimacing , tensing , and pulled out the fruit .
we 'll eat some fruit afterwards . '
someone had placed a bowl of fruit beside her .
to the british eye , australian supermarkets are a cornucopia , strange yet familiar , with an abundance of brightly coloured fruit and vegetables punctuated by alien delights such as violet crumbles and green 's pancake shake .
some time later , when the street below was alive with the sounds of late morning , and the fruit - sellers had made their rounds , and the smell of coffee floating up through our open window had become unbearably delicious , i peeled myself away from edouard and out of our bed , the sweat still cooling on my back , the taste of him still on my lips .
' might as well have given him an opal fruit . '
its secluded orchards and fruit gardens were separated by honeyed pea - shingle paths that will 's chair could negotiate quite happily .
' she 's still my baby , ' she said , pressing two tins of fruit cake and a carrier bag of cleaning products into my arms .
i do n't even like fruit cake .
it had fruit in it !
we ate the green salad , the pasta salad and seafood salad and an exotic fruit salad that he had prepared for pudding , and i drank wine while he stuck to mineral water .
will usually had fruit salad , which i fed to him by hand , and sometimes followed up with a banana pancake as his appetite grew .
even as you lay on the beach , a small buggy would pass , and a smiling waiter would offer you water , fruit juice , or something stronger .
to put it mildly , she was the forbidden fruit i had dared to taste .
as he went about adding some fruit to my plate , i could n't help asking , ` ` how did you remember i liked cheese ? ''
my teeth cut through the fruit , as my mouth sucked off the juices .
several different types of muffins and fruit were laid out on the island .
any other apprehensions i had about his feelings for me faded away when he brought me a tray of bagels , croissants , and fruit to the bedroom .
` ` shit , i forgot the fruit . ''
when mia leaned over me to set the fruit bowl down , her dark hair swept in front of my face , sending the sweet smell of jasmine into my nose .
glancing at the bowl of fruit , a wicked thought entered my mind .
i then started to mia 's other breast , but she pulled back , reaching for the fruit bowl .
your father was very charming toward me considering i ' m forbidden fruit . ''
3 ben i let emmy sleep in while i prepared coffee , toasted bagels , and sliced some fruit .
i felt like a yummy , fruit concoction .
while the warm body masque set , i was treated to a papaya fruit enzymes facial .
emmy was in my bathroom drying her hair while i prepared a light breakfast of poached eggs and fruit for us .
braydon and i sat waiting for ben and emmy for a good forty minutes , sipping fruit cocktails and laughing as we watched a group of tourists .
soon we had everything under control , guests began filtering in , and we started setting out cheeses , fruits , and other yummy bite - sized treats , along with plenty of refreshing cocktails .
i offered , picking up a fruit with the plastic tongs and holding it out to him .
without asking , he orders a bottle of the wine that i drink and a platter of fruit from room service .
are you hungry for a little fruit ?
i want to stay in the little bubble of this room , feeding each other fruit and drinking wine between trysts .
once inside , jax makes me sit and eat some fruit and drink a full bottle of gatorade before he allows me to stand .
` ` there 's fruit in there and vitamin water .
liv opens the curtains and brings me some fruit while i check my phone .
searching the refrigerator for some snacks , she grabbed a block of brie and gouda , and set about preparing a cheese and fruit plate for her visitor .
i could actually feel myself panting a little as i continued to watch her eat the waffles topped with the sinful cream and fruit .
` ` some fruit salad , '' i assured him , holding on tight for a little longer .
a bowl of cereal , some fresh fruit , sometimes some pancakes if he was in the mood to cook .
the dressing room was set up with a small buffet of sandwiches , fruit and veggies .
i glanced toward the corner of the room where dallas was sitting with marissa drinking fruit juice and snacking on a fruit tray that had been provided for our after concert signing .
i glanced toward the corner of the room where dallas was sitting with marissa drinking fruit juice and snacking on a fruit tray that had been provided for our after concert signing .
ren was already sitting up , his little back propped against the side of the boat while he sucked the juices from a palma fruit .
father flashed a lopsided grin before nodding toward a pile of fruit at the bow of the boat .
when he offered her a fruit , imaya bit into the succulent , sweet flesh before lifting it toward the heavens .
he would have preferred some pears and nectarinesshe really loved the really sweet onesbut fresh fruit was at a premium when it could be found .
because you opened his mind up to choice , aphrodite says , and that rather bruises the fruit , would nt you agree ?
chandeliers hang like diamond - studded fruit ; each one weighing at least a tonne .
to have the dirt kiss my feet , the sheep pay me homage in their pens , and the trees drop fruit in my waiting hand ! '
preserved curries , mac & cheese , fruit salads , heaps of naan .
like the fruit ?
or maybe the fruit is like meall bitter and a little yellow .
curtis struck a match and saw the slow drip fruits of his labor leap to take on an unholy life that hungrily licked at church walls , forcing him to jump back quick or get singed .
why child , do nt you know that the edwards homestead has the best fruit trees in the county ?
look at the fruit hanging there !
the fruit was ripe .
apples were fruit , like , peaches .
annie looked over at the orchard where the well - tended trees were laden with fruit .
that woman yesterday who came to pay respects , the one her children so enjoyed playing with , had asked for something from the kitchen and later for some of her fruit .
allen and ryan had taken their horses , maribelle and cumquat ( allen had groused yesterday about spending the afternoon sitting on a southern fruit , and what idiot would name a horse cumquat , anyway ? )
the fruit trees , cotton , black - eyed peas , squash , potatoes and corn were all well known to the occupants of this house .
his skin looked almost gray and twisted into something that resembled the surface of a rotted piece of fruit .
he leaned back in the plush chair and took a bite out of the apple he had taken from the large basket of fruit that sat on the table in front of him .
they were pushed way up in the skimpy bra like mouth - watering balls of juicy fruit , and he tasted every inch of her ripe desire .
when they reached morgan park , skip haggerty had everything ready to go : keys , security i d and business cards , brochures , and a gift basket stuffed with coffee , fruit , snacks and goodies , all packed by jennifer and skippy .
after checking out the stone bridge that crossed the vardar river , they stopped at a market in the suburbs , and bought some supplies for their overnight : wine , bread , fresh fruit , cheese , salami , and a small paring knife .
they each took a turn in the shower , and breakfasted on fresh fruit and cold cuts , before they proceeded to consume a case of chinese beer .
canned fruit and veggies .
the gotsbadayehs were pleased when the two travelers went out to the rover and brought in their tins of spam , chili , chowder , and canned fruit .
kiptani 's face looked like he 'd just sucked a sour goh fruit .
` ` yes , we have assembled this team , meaning all of us here , to pick lower hanging fruit , since she is obviously aware of us we have decided to go after someone else , '' janet pressed a button on the remote and a picture of a man appeared on the screen .
there was some dry cereal , a few pieces of fruit and two bottles of water .
her uncle had prepared breakfast , so she was as good as carried over to the table , which was complete with a vast muddle of fruit , cakes , and meats .
just my office , he said , crunching into the fruit .
red fruit littered the branches , and her face softened from that of a warrior in the rages of battle to a woman in mourning .
saara used her claws to separate meat from bone and skin from fruit , dexterously placing food in her mouth with surprising care .
it was something that had always eaten at her , the idea that she might , one day , seek the easy path and simply take the low - hanging fruit offered to her .
jude looked around at the available food : there was rockbread , molded fruit , or the runs .
the fruit was stale , the meat overcooked , and rucca was pretty sure that the coffee had been left over from the day before .
get food , rations , any kind of fruit and vegetables you can find .
one half was generally referred to as the jungle , where lush green foliage , trees and flowers provided the oxygen and much of the fruit , not to mention tobacco for home consumption and black market trading with moon .
alcohol was a rudimentary beer from root crops , and wine made from various fruits .
gathering fruit , pruning , keeping the paths clear .
' just eggs and some fruit and custard . '
nuts , fruit , flowers , wheat , vegetables .
two more intruders crept toward it at ground level , between the fruit sellers stall and the booths demonstrating automatic typewriters .
he followed her into the first grocery store they came across , and stood by as she absentmindedly gathered cup noodles , condensed soup , dried fruit , and water and placed them in his arms .
they sat down at the table with nicolas and tara and ate a breakfast of unsweetened cereal and fruit .
nicolas and tara were greeted with a warm , though familiar , meal of canned soup and dried fruit .
the shelves , which were supposed to hold cans of preserved fruits , tinned beans and tomatoes , boxes of pasta and rice , and bottles of olive oil and italian spices , were empty except for the occasional dusty item .
now , in this hole of a bar down the street , dominic sat slumped over a mug of beer , his face beginning to resemble a rotten piece of fruit .
a pleasure , as if he and i had not broken our fast together on numerous occasions , consuming fruit and rolls while we waited for our mistress to arise from her slumber .
he also wondered about the fresh vegetables and fruit .
dog green had a plethora of vegetables and fruits that flourished .
it seems that some plants need the occasional frost to fruit and the bananas and mangos just do n't like it .
they ask a few of the curveball questions , what kind of fruit you d be , your favorite local sports team , happiest moment .
a hunk of the orange skin surrounding the crack swelled outward rhythmically , then receded , each pulse distending the fruit further .
trees off to each side bore colorful fruit that glowed .
it was even more luxurious than the outer offices , a huge , densely decorated area with plants and trees that bore real fruit , and enough floating tables for fifty people .
surprisingly , it proved to be rather expansive and contained buckwheat , mashed potatoes , marinated fish , cheese , fruit desserts and even some meat delicacies .
pasha followed his example , with the difference that the chocolate was replaced with a fruit dessert and instead of history of cryptology he had his astronomy textbook .
some of the open loops attracted the many birds of the neighborhood and between the nests and the clusters of hanging fruit from various other plants that started using the openwork for support the lacy green second surface took on a life of its own , a brave new world within arm 's reach , floating over head like the miraculous suspended gardens of semiramis .
a group of kids on a school field trip crossed their path , spread out to inspect the fruit stands in the market and then reassembled on the other side to reach the river bank , just as sarah was reading ` ` nobody told me it was impossible when i did it .
not as we see it now , with lush fields of soy beans and corn and orchards weighed down with fruit , but as we first laid eyes on her , dusty , sparse and vulnerable , an empty field open to all possibilities , a place for dreams to come true . ''
in the distance , in a clearing , turmeric had spread and it was in bloom , covering an entire hill with lavender flowers , reflecting the violet fruit and flowers of the eggplants on the other side .
` ` bring some pears too '' , asked seth , with a completely uncharacteristic but powerful craving for the fruit .
there was one tradition sarah devotedly maintained - the kitchen was always stocked with fresh baked pastries and cocoa , jars of herbed honey , pitchers of lemonade and bowls of fruit so that curious children who ventured deep into the insides of their transparent home would discover and enjoy yummy treats just as she did in her time .
after a toast to their success , a little alcohol for the humans , a cautious fruit juice for the aliens , the captain bid them farewell .
now in space the humans and warriors relaxed with cold drinks , including what was now becoming the elixir of the gods for the warriors , fruit juice .
mick asked the leaders to join them on board , fruit juice included , they declined the invitation .
the professor passed glasses of fruit juice to the leaders at the end of their mutual labours , having made a show of tasting it first .
but it was almost depleted , except for some rather dubious looking dried fruit .
then again , maybe its in permanent fruit cake mode , rackenfauz said .
in college , joey picked classes like fruit from bulging trees .
i m thinking fruit treesoranges , pluots .
eliza leaned back casually against the wall , chewing on something that smelled like apriguavo fruit .
mackie hated the idea of entering an area where he had roughly the visual acuity of a fruit bat .
they had large bowls of something like fruits .
the one common food that ebens and our team members liked was the fruit .
the ebens eat a great quantity of fruit .
the fruit , although different from anything we know about , is sweet .
some of the fruit tastes something like melons , while others taste like apples .
behold the bitter fruit of victory .
after undoing these she offered to me and the dwarf the contents , one contained dried meat and fish the other dried fruits and nuts .
i contented myself with the fruit and nuts , somehow i did not have the stomach for anything else .
i could see through the wrought iron work that filled each arch and could view within were housed many things , wood for fires , crates of fruit , tools and other household goods and chattels .
tnie gave seri a rather surly glance and just then a young girl entered the room carrying a tray of fruit and other breakfast fare .
so after helping myself to various fruits and cereals i sat next to serinae who had obviously eaten her breakfast and was sipping a hot cup of tea .
she replied that she had not and dropped a branch at her feet on which grew several bunches of small purple coloured fruits .
once our bellies were full of fish and fruit we packed and made to leave the beach , i took one last look out onto the ocean , i half expected to see that sail , but no , the ocean belle was long gone sailing down the coast to amentura .
sure enough the trees stopped and we came out into an open space through which the stream ran , the soil here was still sandy but much richer in colour as if it was mixed with loamy soil and instead of the salt resilient pine trees , there were more broad leafed trees growing and on these trees we found the purple fruits that we had enjoyed earlier .
we all filled our water bottles with fresh water and found ourselves partaking of a few more of the delicious fruits .
i said , obviously the pine trees do not like the fresh water to drink , but i m glad these fruit trees do .
i was hoping that the meagre diet of fruit , nuts and dried smoked fish would come to an end with some succulent fresh game but we never set eyes on a single animal or bird in any of the woods that we travelled through .
she was sitting upon a wooden bench , at her feet a cloth was laid over the grass on which was displayed various wooden bowls of fruit and other foods , these were exotic looking and i did nt recognise any of them .
we only had dried meat and fruit for a meal that night for no hunting was to be had in the area and nothing of any food value grew either .
many different plants , vegetables and fruit all grew here .
in front of his feet was a large brass coloured platter with the remains of a meal , bones mostly but also some kind of fruit skin and a number of fruit pips or seeds about the size of my clenched fist .
in front of his feet was a large brass coloured platter with the remains of a meal , bones mostly but also some kind of fruit skin and a number of fruit pips or seeds about the size of my clenched fist .
in one upturned hand resting on the arm of the throne was a ball from which emanated what looked like rays of light , in the palm of the other hand , a tree with large spreading bows bedecked with fruit .
we were all shown to a table and bid sit down where drinks of fruit juices were served and we had the chance to catch up as a group again on what we had been doing over the last few days whilst enjoying the hospitality of our kinsfolk .
they drank deeply of the sour wine they called po and filled their mouths with fresh baked kasha bread and the sweet fruit from the balbar tree .
they were delicious , blended from the finest fruits in the galaxy .
bring fresh po and some ripe balbar fruit .
before obec could answer , soffca returned with the wine and fruit .
she cut the sweet balbar fruit into small portions , making them easier to eat .
there was another tense moment , the high priestess took a small bite of the balbar fruit , then chewed it slowly .
anais took a bite of the fruit , it was very sweet , he liked the taste of balbar .
she only felt contempt for him but she had learned not to show her true feelings , she smiled at him , then bit into another piece of fruit .
the fruit of many balbar trees had been collected and loaves of kasha bread baked .
sandjar preferred to eat their food uncooked , they consumed mostly flesh but would also consume fruit , or kasha bread if there was nothing else .
fresh rimar meat was cooked , along with their best soups and fruit , a new cask of po was opened and the ceremonial drinking horns were made ready .
seeda smiled , leaning over she gave him a long warm kiss , then come with me and let us see , what the talsonar 's forbidden fruit has to offer .
the balbar trees were rich with fruit and the iron like wood , was used to repair wagons and war - ax handles .
she walked towards the magnificent altar of isarie , it was surrounded by baskets of fresh fruit and freshly picked field flowers .
strings of field flowers were laid around the base , as well as balbar fruit and trinkets , all offerings to isarie .
next to her tent , seeda in her best armor , was busy loading her whiptail with supplies , she packed extra rations of kasha bread and dried balbar fruit .
she knew the water would cause the field flowers to bloom and the balbar trees to fill their branches with fresh fruit .
balbar fruit and herbs were other available commodities but like all things in the city , the space used for food production had to be fully utilized .
they listened to the cheers of the city dwellers and let the rotten fruit that was thrown at them cover their faces , they danced like puppets and bowed before their masters and never looked up .
there were baskets of sagar teeth and sun - dropper claws , gold and silver cups and bowls , casks of aged po and a table heaped with fresh kasha bread and succulent balbar fruit .
their feast had ended with some very ripe balbar fruit that endo picked from a cluster of trees .
osh and endo did not know about the danger soon to be upon them , they sat before the washa fire , nibbling the last of the balbar fruit .
she sat in her wagon looking at a small table that held several bowls of cooked rimar , kasha bread and some sweet fruit .
each held a silver tray filled with sweet fruit , tea and other things that might be needed .
when the serpent approached eve he played on her emotions and her love for adam , telling her if she ate from the forbidden fruit , she would not have to sleep away from adam anymore , ironically he did nt lie when he said that .
she replied : partaking in the tree of knowledge is not a instant effect , but one that reacts as a seed , once you ve tasted of the fruit your mind will begin to evolve , if you continue to partake of the tree of knowledge and you have kept the laws of the commandments of eya , you will begin to use more dna , only then will your mind be able to comprehend the knowledge that is given , you may see it , but not fully understand it , until the mind has grown enough to release the correct amount of amino acids to fully activate your minds dna potential .
enoch replies : each individual has light around them , it is a form of energy , some have bright some have dim but the color of the light is a sign of what kind of energy is coming from the person , the more colors one has the more fruits one posses inside of them .
people could also now pick fruit without having to climb trees , thus not falling out of trees , breaking bones and requiring pricey hospital bills .
is nt the average human lifetime akin to something like the hilariously short lifetime of the common fruit fly ?
a human lifetime is roughly 80 years , whereas the lifetime of a fruit fly is roughly 1 day .
quite the difference with the common fruit fly .
i wanted rip to understand the vast and painful difference between the human and the fruit fly .
it stands for human lifetime , said rip , its a period of 80 human years , and is not very dissimilar to the average life - span of the common fruit fly .
a few more insults and i had the correct ear piece in and was looking in the lens at what appeared to be a fruit fly , sitting in a fruit fly sized rocking chair , speaking into some sort of micro - voice amplification device .
a few more insults and i had the correct ear piece in and was looking in the lens at what appeared to be a fruit fly , sitting in a fruit fly sized rocking chair , speaking into some sort of micro - voice amplification device .
behind the fruit fly was a giant scale model ( giant only in comparison to the fruit fly ) of the oviform and surrounding filth , with diagrams and plans outlining the next phases of clean up and organization .
behind the fruit fly was a giant scale model ( giant only in comparison to the fruit fly ) of the oviform and surrounding filth , with diagrams and plans outlining the next phases of clean up and organization .
the average fruit fly only lives ...
the remarkable little fruit fly began to weave the most serendipitous little tale i 'd ever heard .
everything the little fruit fly said happened exactly as he / she / it said it did .
in the white part of this simple , decomposing banana peel , there was a cluster of fruit fly eggs .
in one of these eggs hatched a small and thirsty fruit fly .
after watching about five million generations of fellow fruit flies hatch and decease , i began to figure out that i was n't the same as all other fruit flies .
after watching about five million generations of fellow fruit flies hatch and decease , i began to figure out that i was n't the same as all other fruit flies .
i wept , feeling nothing but pity and admiration for the gritty , determined fruit fly .
the map proved to be useless , for it had been written in a font - size meant for the vision of a fruit fly .
you should team up with this fruit fly named milt .
did you chat with that nutty little fruit fly ?
when adjusted for relativity , that fruit fly is the oldest creature to ever exist .
have you met milt , the fruit fly ?
we know that one little fruit fly can take on a whole planet full of filth and nonsense .
you know , that nutty little fruit fly .
we plan on once again asking the fruit fly milt for directions , except we plan on actually getting directions this time by having a bribe in the form of a recently cloned specimen of a quigg , the once extinct cleaning species .
the shop had fruit as well , which was a miracle , the last time i saw an actual banana i was about five .
michelangelo had run out of synthetic fruit so she was having rum daiquiris .
casino picked up an apple from a fruit bowl on the table and rubbed it on his sleeve .
lola said , looking around at the fruit and vegetables in wonder .
there were thousands of them , just like him , all plugged straight into the hive mind of the administration , a wealth of research evidence hanging there like fruit waiting to be picked .
it was as if shed just swallowed a huge mug of very hot coffee though in fact shed had nothing apart from fruit and cereal and a cup of tea for breakfast , which had been a couple of hours ago , and only a few sips of cold water since .
it would nt look exactly like karen , of course , for half of its genes would come from mort , and it might be a boy and not a girl , but the mind had used the information at its disposal and arrived at the inevitable conclusion : the fruit of karens womb would one day be the most important person on this planet .
he was sat at his usual place at the bar , all comms off and a cool fruit based drink in his hand .
only the bald dark man continued to stare at us , unblinking ; yet even he fumbled with some fruit on a stand , making airs that he was otherwise preoccupied .
when you saw regular people passing by in this anarchic society , they were often carrying some scrap they hoped would be useful , or maybe fruits or vegetables they wanted to trade in the central market .
it was grown in the grid vineyards , from the rootstock of a milinus variety of fruit .
i grabbed at them and pulled , tearing them to pieces with my bare hands , swinging my arms like a big drunken gorilla , no technique , no accuracy , and they opened like black rotten fruits , the flesh parting and disintegrating as i waded through , slaying a dozen in the first few seconds .
it had frozen while grasping a rafter inside the open wall of one side of the building , like some kind of massive , robotic primate reaching for a piece of fruit .
inside the bag , she had packed a skin of water , some fruit and berries , and a small portion of jerky .
the only time they would separate was when she went with the hunting parties or when she took kaya to go foraging for fresh fruit .
there were several types of meat , some deliciously sweet fruit , a couple varieties of bread and some steaming vegetables that she did nt recognize .
along with the assortment of meats , fruits and vegetables there were six cups filled with three different kinds of drinks .
she guessed that it was juice from some sort of fruit , although she did nt know what kind of fruit would produce orange liquid .
she guessed that it was juice from some sort of fruit , although she did nt know what kind of fruit would produce orange liquid .
grabbing a plate of fruit , kira made her way out onto the veranda to watch the suns rise .
she asked as kaya sleepily walked up to her and grabbed a piece of fruit from the plate .
he grinned and took the plate of fruit from her hands as he pulled her to her feet .
they ate some of the fruit and dried meat they d taken from the crows nest , relaxing in the noonday sun by the banks of the creek .
he carefully emptied the rest of the pitcher into his glass and even took a bite of some fruit within it .
seeing a cart laden with apples pull away from one of the ships towards the market , she had sean buy a dozen of the bright red fruit .
i grab a piece of green fruit from a bowl as he hauls me out of the room .
i ask and take a bite of the fruit .
he could see exotic looking fruits here and there .
i drink from a brook and find some fruit and walk to a hamlet of farmers just able to support themselves .
he said that eating the forbidden fruit would mean certain death .
so on that basis , attacking the mother ship might make them decide to turn away , but it may also make them decide to send a rebu fleet , to suppress the uprising , '' hannah said , absently feeling a craving for a sweet , fruit drink ; her implant responded and a synthesiser rose from a previously absent gap , on the table directly in front of her .
she glanced to her right and saw lola patiently surveying the bar and hannah reached for her fruit drink .
that was until one frosty winter day , when alex took the last of the fruit loops for breakfast .
she finally , reluctantly , shook the short half of her bowl of fruit loops into david 's then watched , dumbfounded , as the quiet and brooding boy poured milk onto it and slipped the bowl beneath the table .
numerous plants were spread out evenly across the loam , and stowik could see that some bore their fruit .
since then i ve been about as vigilant as i can about picking the cherry - sized apricots , but for whatever reason his bowels still have nt entirely righted themselves , so at the slightest noise that could be a dog expelling fruit from an orifice , i m bolt upright ( you d be amazed how many modern background noises actually fit that description ) .
so i ve been spending a lot of time kneeling , scrubbing feces and fruit smoothies out of the carpet .
a steward came around and offered pre - packaged sandwiches and fresh fruit .
she found one of the many galleys aboard the station and selected a nice assortment of fruit , yogurt , and tea .
* * * * * chapter 7 post - op a table , a chair , a bowl of fruit and a violin ; what else does a man need to be happy ?
a lone computer hummed on the desk - one of those old ones with the fruit logo on the back .
` ` i ' ve been thinking , '' he said as he chewed on some kind of fruit he had found in the edge of the jungle .
he adjusted his fedora and tossed the core of the fruit aside .
spark fished out a package of dried fruit from the compartment under his seat .
spark dug out a piece of dried fruit .
spark handed over the dried fruit to riddick , then collected his fang and began cleaning and polishing it while clamping it between his knees .
we still have some fruit in my backpack , though its beginning to go soft .
rachel scanned the shelves : powdered milk in enormous sacks , vast quantites of rice , hundreds of cans of fruit and vegetables .
the branches twisted at just the wrong angle , and it bore fruit .
apple trees did not have fruit this time of year .
the tree only bore one fruit ; it was red like an apple but more oblong then round .
the tree held several more flowers , he felt sure would eventually ripen into fruit .
henry wanted to call it an apple tree , because it bore red fruit that looked like an apple , but he had never seen a tree that looked like this .
his grandparents had a crab apple tree in their back yard when he was little , and he was very aware how unusual it was to see fruit in this extreme cold .
he wondered how a magical fruit like that would taste , for any fruit that grew in this weather had to be magic , even if it was magic pretending to be science .
he wondered how a magical fruit like that would taste , for any fruit that grew in this weather had to be magic , even if it was magic pretending to be science .
he turned to leave , but caught a flicker of movement in the garden , he turned back hoping it was someone he could ask about the fruit , but no one was there .
the boy had seen the fruit , and that was of far greater importance to her .
the fact remains he saw the fruit on the kopar tree and you know it .
she knew the boy had seen the fruit , but hated people telling her what she did and did not know .
he had dreams about tasting that one lone fruit , in his dreams he could even taste it .
very few people over the years had seen the fruit from nathans kopar tree .
the tree made fruit that looked almost like an apple , but tasted like a firm kiwi .
the front one , with the suit of armor , and the statute under the fruit tree .
the angriff had not liked the kopar fruit that had grown there , and had let the orchard run wild redistributing their forces elsewhere .
the group was hungry , and decided they would get some fresh fruit instead of digging through their packs .
they went to the orchard to grab a fruit snack while they waited for the sun to position itself right .
elena led them to where the fruit trees where .
the orchard was very overgrown ; bushes , and small trees had begun to spring up from where the fruit left unpicked had fallen to the ground .
when the fruit on the trees were close enough to see clearly henry became very excited .
the men talked for while about things she could not always understand , from what she could figure out they had come with a high - ranking official to pick fruit .
he remembered arriving at the orchard , and seeing the fruit .
she was just standing there picking some fruit .
as i watched her she took a bite out of the fruit , and smiled as the juices ran down her face .
there a strong , overpowering smell , the decaying sweetness of rotten fruit mixed with the tang of sewage .
cymry ignored the guards and went to a table loaded with mounds of meats , eggs , fruits , and various types of bread .
david watched a bear - like animal strip fruit from stems and hand it to her fat babies .
` ` a fruit bomb with a lingering aftertaste .
kind of like fruit punch , only better .
olive trees laden with ripening green fruit lined the driveway to eloise 's house .
` ` nick , do you see any fruit or anything ? ''
finally , he took a bite out of the fruit and chewed the soft contents .
` ` fill up the bags with those fruits and others like them .
nick nodded and began picking as many of the fruits as he could from the nearby trees .
` ` ditto , '' jimmy agreed while slinging the bag of water bottles and a bag full of the alien fruit over his shoulder .
he made sure his tattered clothes were on , holstered his pistol , and grabbed a piece of the alien fruit from sitting on the top of nick 's supply bag .
the trays held plates of fruit , rolls , and some sort of meat chunks in gravy .
zed had been eagerly awaiting the two with platters of pancakes , fruit and rolls he 'd produced seemingly out of nowhere .
blach paused , idly plucking another fruit from his bowl and nibbling on it .
trays of loaves and spicecakes followed and so did bowls of fruit .
sarssen barely looked up from the fruit he was peeling .
` ` eat your fruit . ''
the intruding mind peeled away the layers of the boy 's mind as if they were thin skins of a fruit , exposing luton as raw and vulnerable .
our efforts to assemble coherent units at last bear fruit .
` ` course you were , '' grinned jane , placing a bowl of fruit directly in front of bethel .
absently , he began on another piece of fruit .
luton filled both tankards and after giving one to mensak , he searched through saddlebags until he found bread , sliced meat and fruit , and randomly piled a selection onto a small platter .
he gave her a piece of fruit and cheerfully gnawed on a piece himself .
chlorien finished her fruit , then lounged back on her elbows .
` ` we 're only talking about doing things like stealing thrown out food from supermarket trash cans , or asking farmers for permission to glean leftover fruit from previously harvested fields .
jo carefully licks a bit off her hand and it tastes really sweet and yet it also has a very flavoursome taste , almost like a strong fruit sweet .
the dishes contained circles of meat , crumbly chunks of white bread under dark gravy , slices of green fruit with black seeds clustered in the center .
here , little brother , said pulou , reaching up to deposit a handful of green fruit on the white tablecloth .
he sipped at it , found it cool and vaguely fruit flavored , but his stomach felt queasy .
not the store bought kind , but glass mason jars of jams , jellies , fruit , and every conceivable vegetable one might grow in a home garden .
there were pieces of toast , slices of bacon , fruit , drinks , even two whole eggs .
actually , it was more of a plantation , with hundreds of fruit trees ... all purchased from what he had made in the bank .
monkeys were a constant threat to anything edible , but root vegetables and the very hard jack fruit always survived in sufcient quantities to keep the family fed , as well as feeding teams that passed through .
he saw the ice melting from the mountains into the small streams , flow into the lakes and oceans , saw the trees siphon nourishment from the banks of the water to grow the multitude of fruit that fed the animals living nearby .
a few weeks ago , i leaned against a tree trunk , mesmerized by the yellowish - orange fruit , and picked a handful .
sandwiches , drinks , fruit , and junk food for at least half a dozen big people was gone in minutes .
around the campsite we had placed several bales of hay , sacks of seed torn open , mounds of day - old bread , fifty pounds of beef , and some fruit .
at length they both paused briefly to eat fruit that we had left out , and i realized with a shock that the boy was real too : a thin white boy in very ragged shorts , his skin darkened by sun , his long , tangled hair half - way down his back .
i m here for fruit pie , father .
anyway , i ' m headed south in the morning , after i get some more cantaloupes , bananas , and other fruit and vegies , and put them out tonight for issy and her friends . ''
i even stopped at a supermarket and bought lots of fruit and vegetables , plus some dog and cat food just in case there would be carnivores too .
` ` fruit , mostly . ''
george was right , they liked fruit .
i reached into my bag and tossed the remaining fruit and vegetables onto the lawn .
soon the contents of three more shopping bags , including fruit , nuts , and dog biscuits , were also scattered on the lawn .
the best source of long lasting energy are raw fruits and vegetables .
unlike processed foods , which are full of empty calories and artificial preservatives , raw fruits and vegetables provide healthy doses of vitamins and minerals that can energize better than any sugary energy drink .
however , many people do n't ' even get their full daily recommended servings of fruits and vegetables , much less enough to give them all day energy .
this might be because they do n't like the taste of raw fruits and vegetables or because they like the tastes of other foods too much .
so , instead of trying to replace entire meals with buckets of fruits and vegetables , people looking for more energy throughout the day should infuse raw fruits and vegetables into each of their regular meals .
so , instead of trying to replace entire meals with buckets of fruits and vegetables , people looking for more energy throughout the day should infuse raw fruits and vegetables into each of their regular meals .
for example , eating a bowl of fruit before a bowl of cereal will give the person energy throughout the morning and will even make them feel more full and less likely to reach for a mid - morning snack .
juicing is another way to make sure the body gets all of the fruits and vegetables it needs to stay energized .
juicing is a preferred method of getting fruits and vegetables because it 's simple and blends flavors of fruits and vegetables together into tolerable and tasty concoctions that are easy to drink .
juicing is a preferred method of getting fruits and vegetables because it 's simple and blends flavors of fruits and vegetables together into tolerable and tasty concoctions that are easy to drink .
by eating a bowl of fruit or salad before each meal , and by drinking home made fruit and/or vegetable juices throughout the day , people may soon notice that they have enough energy throughout the day to avoid sugary coffee and energy drinks .
by eating a bowl of fruit or salad before each meal , and by drinking home made fruit and/or vegetable juices throughout the day , people may soon notice that they have enough energy throughout the day to avoid sugary coffee and energy drinks .
the cries of insects , the slope of the land , moving shadows , the nagging thought of when he would break and eat some of the strange fruit - that was his world now .
wodi and saul made a game of trying to convince one another not to eat any strange fruit they came across , each describing a scene more morbid than the last .
have you eaten the fruit from the tree of knowledge that i commanded you not to take ?
and to the man he said , because you listened to your wife and ate the fruit i told you not to eat , i have placed a curse on your world .
now what if they eat the fruit from the tree of life ?
the fruit of the tree of life and the tree of knowledge make war upon one another even to this day .
fat merchants in bright robes , covered in gold and silver on their throats , ears , fingers , haggled with stern customers ; exotic fruit , wineskins , and coins were gripped in white - knuckled hands , and while it was customary for financial matters to end with hugs , the people often looked furious as they awkwardly embraced .
something heavy hit his back , then he saw a shower of many - colored berries and fruits , the remains of an uneaten buffet , tumble all around him .
did nt you get a piece of fruit ?
the fruit had been in alexs possession only a few minutes before an arm reached across the table and snatched it off her tray .
they ran out of fruit before i could get one .
she continued to hike to higher grounds with the hope of stumbling upon a pond or some wild fruit .
i found some fruit in the little refrigerator we had and i ate that .
he told me about fruit trees that grew in a special room .
if we even had one fruit tree .
the bag filn gave us was filled with fresh fruit , a few pieces of bread , and dried meat .
i once shared a can of fruit .
the food we thought would taste the best was labeled as fruit like .
a fruit basket would have been nice .
this bottle must have taken two or three years worth of fruit , but it was well worth it .
pawn ignores the science talk , and starts speaking through the cock - n - balls in his mouth , gothy little fruit goes by maleficitus .
he paused at a planter to pluck a blue star shaped fruit .
as you say , this fruit is a bounty that sustains us all .
this tree is unknown to me though i admit that the fruit is most desired .
yet , it does become more fragile as the effort to bear fruit becomes ever more difficult .
that is pleasing to all who appreciate the quality of this fruit .
as much as we might desire to keep the tree healthy , we require the fruit .
after that , another master took her off to sort fruit from the station gardens .
sahra ignored her noisy insides and kept sorting fruit .
you might get your salt on the fruit . ''
ever since nobody wanted him for a pet , the masters had had him picking fruit and vegetables in the gardens .
ai n't no piece of fruit is gon na pay that off .
alis , taking a break from scrounging for the resistance , had helped himself to his favourite fruit .
master food , especially the fruits , smelled nasty to human noses .
her job was to help wash , slice , and package fresh vegetables and fruit for the daily mess hall meals that everyone partook of .
i 'd never been so full of food in all my life , not even when ashnahta and i raided the great kitchen and got sick on too many q'al fruits .
or another could break the apple in half and scoop the fruit out because they only had a spoon .
today i ' ve got for you ... fruit . ''
there was the fruit i had ordered earlier .
but hardly any fruit .
after a few minutes she began picking at the fruit again .
i need to talk to you , but why do nt you have a fruit smoothie first ?
there s a fruit cup where you re headed , so enjoy , juan using a cocky british accent and a smile that made beth cringe .
the disk felt like cold plastic , but when he brought it to his lips , he realized that it smelled and tasted like raspberries , his favorite fruit , with a hint of chocolate .
veggies in the bottom left , fruits in the bottom right drawers in the ' fridge .
in addition to the rifle , a belt now girded jesus waist from which hand grenades hung like toxic fruit .
carolina grabbed a pouch of fruit slices and left , some dinner this would make .
she filled the cart with cans of beans and corn and chili , and then , pasta , coffee , sugar , creamer , dried fruit , nuts and beef jerky .
he stopped at the gardens edge and looked at the chest high tomato plants full of bright red cherry sized fruit .
yielding to an impulse zac reached down and picked one of the ripe fruits .
zac ran his tongue over his lips wetting them and then slipped the ripe warm fruit into his mouth .
zac asked , do you remember how any of those fruits or vegetables taste ?
kat sliced through the fruit and squeezed its fluids into an empty tumbler on the counter .
she plucked an apple out of the fruit drawer and walked back over to the table .
others were cluttered with fruits and vegetables , or arrayed with arts , crafts , and pottery .
the maid returned , bearing a tray laden with not only a steaming bowl of soup , but a variety of fruits , vegetables and desserts .
in my own cup , brightly colored flakes were floating in a red fruit drink .
he reached for the pitcher and poured more fruit juice into my cup .
it was blended with honey and rich with fruits .
it should have been chocolate cake and champagne , not fruit jumble and stale beer .
nella looked at the shriveled pile of canned fruit on her plate .
i never would have imagined that i would go almost a decade without fresh tropical fruit .
` ` like tropical fruit . ''
` ` like tropical fruit yes , but also things like chocolate and cake with finely milled flour instead of the stuff with pebbles in it like we have now . ''
it was so palpable that nella could imagine the smell of infection , could almost convince herself that she smelled a slight sourness , like fruit turning or like the clinging scent where roadkill once died , years before .
but mrs . nichols- she 's one of the neighbors , asked if she could try a pair of fruit trees in my yard .
that way we wo n't have to go all the way there for fresh fruit . ''
it shifted again , and now she was eve , persuading adam to eat of the fruit , and then there she was as god again , casting her out .
well , some animals on glix can talk , dave justified , so i thought some fruit might be able to as well .
does all fruit talk ?
what sort of fruit ?
does any fruit talk ?
whom else is a talking fruit ?
you can only say whom [ sic ] else is a talking fruit ?
if somebody had been noted as a talking fruit in the first place .
i was never a talking fruit .
but to become talking jam , you must have been a talking fruit at some point , right ?
the original flat roof of the library was grown over with a carpet of moss , and had subsequently been covered with a glass pyramid and used as a place both to read and grow fruit .
the space chicken was an excellent driver , having centuries of experience and even having been present at the first drive of an automobile in history ( the inventor , john whimsy gisbert , had assured the curious and skeptical public that , owing to the limitations observed in current scientific understanding , no vehicle would ever be able to travel faster than ten kilometres per haca sure as no tree will ever be able to grow more than ten items of fruit per year , eleven being an unlucky number and thus perpetually avoided in nature ; sure as protein can only ever come from the remains of slaughtered animals ; and sure as there will never be any evidence in favour of life outside glix before pushing his foot down upon the spike the pedal having already been invented , but naturally rejected in favour of the electroconductive abilities of the spike and hurtling forward into a brick wall at 57.11kmph and being crushed between his concrete chair ( concrete being the only substance known to man which can go within eleven metres of an electric wire without causing an explosion ) and his safety spike .
the space chicken and michael rowland daffodil had a grand compilation of fruits : slices of oranges , apples and pears , some grapes and grapefruits , a lot of peaches , apricots and mangoes , melons of all different shapes , sizes and colours and the finest plums , cherries , berries and strawberries you can think of .
well , i m an alien and you re a fruit conserve .
the crew drove alongside it again for a while , observing from a distance the unobtainable fruit .
do nt tell me i have to plant fruit all around the world .
how will it absorb the fruit ?
the jam was nt the only fruit .
is jam a fruit ?
well , i guess we d best set off for the next fruit , said dave .
i just need to go with the space chicken to get the fruit .
can i head off straight away to search for the further fruit ?
wait around until the fruit needs to be located ?
this one task of finding more fruit , now , i suppose .
standing in her doorway , looking like the grape cluster from the fruit of the loom commercials , was jeann .
after she took my order ; granola , yogurt , fruit , and a side of bacon , i asked , can i ask you a personal question .
erins tray contained a large salad , some fruit , and an ice - cream cone .
he found a relatively flat area by the steam to sit upon then ate a quick lunch of fruit and elf - bread giving to him by broomstick .
come to think of it that 's just a couple pieces of oversized fruit or some crazy red nuts that this tree might grow , that 's all this that is . ''
her legs and feet were sore and the last meal she 'd eaten was fruit at a tavern before noon .
he kept the box of fruit tarts .
she had eaten the last of her fruit yesterday as well .
the other had bits of candied fruit mixed in and was regina 's favorite .
they offered hot meats to be served on flat breads with cheese and spicy sauces as well as cold drinks , spun sugar , fruits .
leo sipped his lemon liqueur and produced a small bag of candied fruits from his shirt pocket .
gaent had n't noticed the inlay on teria 's writing board and now saw a pattern of vines , trees and fruits along its edge .
he was carrying a tray similar to the one ionun had brought , this one overflowing with a bowl of cubed fruit and a plate of cheese .
he gingerly picked at the bowl of fruit .
he placed two bowls on the table heaped with fresh whole fruits .
ionun picked a colorful peach from the bowl of fruit .
the other two were orange and garnished with wedges of fruit .
she handed teria her milk and took one of the hard fruit juices for herself after placing the tray on a low wooden table in front of gaent .
formetellous picked a wedge of fruit off the edge of her glass and nibbled on it .
gaent sipped on one of the fruit bedecked beverages .
she had slaked her thirst at the pool , but she felt the gnawings of hunger and began looking about for some of the fruit on which she had sustained herself since exhausting the food she had brought in her saddle - bags .
it was fruit , large , darkly crimson globes suspended from the boughs of a tree whose broad leaves were a peculiarly rich and vivid green .
there is fruit we can reach .
moving down to the edge of the leaves , he reached the spear up and carefully thrust the blade through one of the apples of derketa , drawing aside to avoid the darkly purple drops that dripped from the pierced fruit .
the food was fruit of an exotic kind unfamiliar to the wanderers , but very palatable , and the drink was a light crimson wine that carried a heady tang .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- so for many centuries the people of xuchotl dwelt in their city , cultivating the fertile plain , until their wise men learned how to grow fruit within the cityfruit which is not planted in soil , but obtains its nourishment out of the airand then they let the irrigation ditches run dry , and dwelt more and more in luxurious sloth , until decay seized them .
there was no necessity to till the plain , for tolkemec taught them how to cultivate the air - devouring fruits .
the islanders grew fruit and vegetables while the desert nomads herded longgots .
the nomads trade longgot meat and pearls with the islanders for fruit and vegetables .
a long table sat in the middle , with a gigantic bowl of fruit set in the middle of it .
right now she would normally be on starbase matrona , just like she was every night , in her living quarters sitting comfortably on her bed , watching an entertainment vid , eating an apple or some other late night fruit snack .
replied he ; and , going down to the bazar , bought a roasted lamb and a dish of sweetmeats and with these dry fruits and wax candles , besides wine and whatsoever was required of drinking materials , not forgetting perfumes .
he quit speaking for a while after this revelation , and we sat to a meal again bread , and cheeses , with strange but delicious fruits .
i took a bite of the juicy fruit and found eating it to be difficult if you are having a serious conversation as the juices have a tendency to run down your chin and make you look ridiculous .
we had our stores of food , more of that bread , and cheeses and dried fruit , and skins that refilled themselves thanks to artileons gift .
it is ground into a powder , and watered down , most will put it into a tea , or chew its fruit to garner the affects they wish to use , and yes in varying degrees it is used on all ages .
i volunteered to go down and see if there was any more fruit on the trees .
i pointed to lace who held a large bag of food , including fruit , chocolate , and bread .
one time he was on board for several days and a table showed up , much like the one he had in his apartment , and food kept appearing on the table : nothing hot , just fruit and nuts .
after a lavish breakfast which included hash brown potatoes , various fruit juices , pineapple slices , yogurt and papaya , i asked david about the eleven dimensions he had mentioned earlier and whether ' time ' was one of those dimensions .
i would have liked a coffee , but a fruit drink was okay , too .
david had arranged to have several dozen picnic tables sent down with red and white tablecloths and assorted sandwiches , fruit and nuts and cold drinks .
small fruit trees had been contrived by gilgamesh : apple , pear , plum and cherry .
guilietta accepted the fruit from hansum without meeting his gaze .
but ugilino noticed guilietta 's fingers tarry just a second more than necessary against hansum 's hand when they exchanged the red , seed - laden fruit .
he watched her hold the fruit to her face , drinking in its sweet scent .
all enjoyed the salty cured ham , the olives , the fruit , and of course , the white pane , the better quality bread that guilietta had bought .
the knife that had just cleaved the fruit lay on the table , dripping with juice .
` ` she 's a ripe piece of fruit , that one , '' feltrino replied .
he could see ugilino eyeing the fruit .
and on the way home i 'll stop and get some wonderful fruits for dessert .
lucinda whistled and sang and hummed as she served him a breakfast of fresh eggs , fresh fruit , bulgar wheat , butter , homemade biscuits and honey .
robinson was slicing up and pulling large seeds out of some sort of tropical fruit or vegetable jeff did not recognize .
robinson entered carrying a platter of breadnuts , fruit and flatbread and a large pewter pitcher and set them on the table .
he quickly turned to the right and headed for the bucket as the mornings meal of fruit and fiber was starting to have the expected effect on his bowels .
help yourself to coconuts or fruit .
there are fruits in the boxes next to the table , hardtack , flatbread and breadnuts on the end of the counter .
jeff and jenny sat down at a table just as one of the women brought over a large platter of fruit and nuts .
there be bacon and potato hash ready soon , the woman said as she set down the fruit in the center of the table .
` ` and lots of fruit pie ?
they were a bit disruptive however , as they were very inclined to send messages about fruit pies and practical jokes , instead of about the serious matter at hand .
he had taken out a handkerchief for her to blow her nose , and then took her to a cafe near the museum , where he treated her to an egyptian specialty , a sweet that was made from fruit and sugar and looked like a little tart .
` ` please , do n't let them be bringing us fruit to eat . ''
the spires of almindor look like stripped trees that have rained their leaves and their fruit down like bombs upon the people .
in the spare room upstairs , where mann had slept last night , he d seen the bottled fruit and jams shed put down too .
she passed large orchards where various fruit trees , massive gardens of vegetables and other fruitful plants flourished .
bens of fruit laid on the counter as the seller smiled , speaking in a mysterious tongue as she pointed to an orange as he held out his hand for payment .
it was an odd currency but she guessed that farmers would nt value anything more than the gift of life , for every seed held a potential to bear fruit .
said the second as she watched them head back to the fruit stands .
we entered , finding ourselves among aisles and aisles of plants bearing enough fruits and vegetables to sustain several hundred people year - round , its interior lit by dim emergency lighting .
he gave them slivers of the fruit that he d brought with him .
there was a lot of real food on the menuactual vegetables and fruits , and even some real meat .
he led mitch to a table with fresh fruit in a woven - straw basket .
they shared a simple meal of fresh bread and dried meats with fruit from the orchard .
the major find was that the large fruit of some of the trees had a large central nut with good flavor .
as she walked up and down the market aisles , she had no idea what those vegetables and fruits even were , except for the cabbage and potatoes .
he moved on , grabbing a kabob from one vendor , a piece of fruit for dessert from another .
he was glad he d splurged on the fruit .
kim the elvin princess rode hard , joseph said , beginning the story , trying to ignore the ghostly smell of fruit .
the fruit trees were the best example of that .
the evos stayed there for half a day until the trees were blossoming and the first fruits were seen before they stopped .
these large lumpy bags of vegetables , fruits , breads , and even meats were common enough to be unremarkable now .
he put a couple of those in each sack as well as a few rounds of bread and a smaller sack of breakfast grains with dried fruit bits .
that is fine for fruit but that is n't natural for humans .
i m going to make some fruit and oatmeal for a nice healthy breakfast , you have to eat something , she was taking a motherly tone .
he glanced at the fruit in her hand .
a meal with drellic would typically consist of very small portions of nuts , fruits and vegetables .
all manner of fruits and vegetables thrived in the lush soil of the new city .
i had tried to apologize , only to find that my words were as useless as the many baskets of fruit and flowers my parents ' friends had sent the week after lucien had died .
i sat at the table , zoning off into a tormenting space of guilt , regret , disgust , fear , and loathing , staring at the fruit as it rotted and the flowers as they wilted away .
penny was munching on some dried fruit loudly behind me , reminding me of my own hunger .
surely , fruit so ugly had to be poisonous .
we had a daunting task ahead of us ; we were required to utilize the homegrown pangaean fruits , vegetables and the hunted meat to make a meal large enough to feed the entire population of dons commune .
if i had simply gone to bed , i never would have tasted the sinfully sweet juice of the peace fruit .
the peace fruit summoned images of the two of us , alone in a paradise as old as any world .
i ' m glad that you ate the peace fruit last night .
the peace fruit .
that 's why it 's called peace fruit , my love .
that ' peace fruit ' as you call it , could be used as rohypnol .
the peace fruit ...
it was the peace fruit ... don was beginning to say , listen , we can not judge him for what he did .
that was when whatever remaining juice from the peace fruit that was flowing through his veins whispered angrily to him that he had to defend his physical health and his masculinity .
i was horrified to see that his eyes had dissolved back into that deep blue of the fruit 's juice .
somehow , the peace fruit ( so stupidly named ) still held him in its grasp .
did you encourage don to eat the peace fruit ?
the peace fruit enhances that which will invoke a state of peace , hence the name .
the peace fruit has been known to cause grisly after - effects in those who ingest it .
he loved me tremendously , passionately , and yet , while under the influence of that terrible fruit , he had harmed me .
both women were high on the peace fruit when the man , who was sober , had encountered them .
now , one would assume that after two women were slain and several people attacked their loved ones following their night of drugged frivolity , that the peace fruit would never be seen again in our house or consumed by the populace .
given how much of the peace fruit he consumed an evening , i would not be surprised if he suffered some form of neurological shutdown .
he has not taken the peace fruit since .
except for what happened with the peace fruit but then , so many others went through the same side effects .
after the first night when alice and i took the peace fruit , we had witnessed the horrible after - effects .
people continued to party every night but those who did n't want to take their chances again with the fruit hung out together .
believe me when i say that those lazy evenings playing cards , listening to music , and talking about our lives on both earth and pangaea were welcome moments of peace far more powerful than anything that could be achieved by the two - faced peace fruit .
everyone did their part by contributing something , even if it was just folding clean clothes or washing the fruits and vegetables harvested from the earth .
sure , the hangover from the peace fruit was unpleasant , but the night with him had been worth it .
he saved you he trailed off , remembering the terrible instance involving the peace fruit .
we also packed in trees to plant , sapling fruit trees , vine cuttings and so much more .
apparently it is the essence of various tropical fruits , said the bartender .
it kind of had the shape of a tall bundt cake , and was traditionally only topped with icing and decorated with candied fruit .
# ardas urula ran a hand over her umrusk and placed two juicy blue fruits in her basket .
i have some fruit from the garden .
your brother has become nikkwills prized pet , and you know it , mulokk growled and slobbered down a spoonful of porridge , reaching for a knife with which to cut his fruit .
once out on the street , a likala sped by , nearly running zurra over , and yet only a few yards away two merchants sold fruit from the back of a cart pulled by a pogo , a reminder of the mix of modern and ancient in the krokandir .
plenty of contacts with the port of los angeles , immigration workers , really low - hanging fruit that do nt need much money to keep quiet and happy .
it was stuck between these two fruits in the bowl , zurra replied and handed gresham the paper .
zurra moved another fruit and uncovered a set of huvr keys .
here , grab a few fruits for the road and anything you need to eat from the fridge , you re probably hungrier than i am .
no thanks , curtis accepted some dried meat and fruit and moved onto the road .
were there any fruits ?
i would ' ve spit them out , but i was starving so i did n't even care about the horrible taste of the fruit .
gardeners moved about the orchard that bordered the meadow , harvesting fruit trees .
the result was a perhaps unusual assortment that included fruit , leaf - spinach , nuts , steamed and stir - fried broccoli , brussels sprouts , eggplant , corn meal mush fried golden brown , over - easy eggs , buckwheat pancakes , an assortment of wendy 's burgers , and a wide variety of sea food and pasta dishes .
wink , gus , and fen apparently all had a passion for fruit , as they were consuming surprising numbers of oranges and bananas .
caustic plant chemicals erupted from bark and fruit , and from insects and tiny microbe bodies , to chemically dissolve more countless billions of the microscopic metallic nanites themselves and encase their chemical remains in living material that slowed their reclamation by surviving nanites .
he said with a chuckle , then leaned forward to pick up a bowl full of fresh fruits and berries and offered it to both girls .
they ordered a purple looking dish that looked like a fruit but almost melted on the tongue .
he walked over to the plate but to his disappointment it was filled with vissume and some sort of fruit , no spoons .
she hunted around the area for a piece of sherin fruit that she had picked from one of the sherin trees that lined the nearby rocky stream .
she was brushing it off when she heard footsteps approaching , crunching on branches lining the forest floor ; startled by the noise , alessia accidentally dropped the last of the forests sherin fruit which she had spent all morning finding in the mostly lyra tree forest near their dwelling .
the woman appeared to be deciding whether or not to approach further , then suddenly stepped several steps forward to pick up the fallen fruit that had rolled out of alessias reach .
sorry to disturb you , the woman said , giving her the sherin fruit .
she then sat by alessia on the log , and they talked of her life , shared the small piece of sherin fruit ; alessia answered the womans questions about where she lived and about her mother .
she has orders from all over the federation for lyra sap and sherin fruit jams .
sherin trees were hard to find among them , and lyra bore no fruit to quiet human hunger .
alessias father had said that they were studied across the federation for this reason , the strange lyra trees that had ceased to bear fruit but which were thousands of years old .
here , i brought you some more sherin fruit to replace the one i ruined . ''
the woman selerael added , holding out a beautifully ripe orange - red piece of fruit the size of a fist , then put it back on top of a basket full of sherin fruit .
the woman selerael added , holding out a beautifully ripe orange - red piece of fruit the size of a fist , then put it back on top of a basket full of sherin fruit .
alessia picked up the largest piece of fruit from the basket and took a bite , wiping the juice from her mouth .
alessia and selerael dried themselves in the blinding sunlight , lying on the bleached rocks stretched out like lounging sea creatures , then raced each other to the clearing in the forest , where the wild sherin fruit were just beginning to ripen .
after an afternoon of games and climbing sherin trees , with alessia climbing and tossing the fruit for selerael to catch , they sat on the giant log in the clearing and drew pictures in the dirt .
` ` one of our cultivated species of sherin , though i understand wild sherin fruit is by far the best , rare as it is to find wild sherin trees these days .
yes , they are lovelyand such delicious fruit .
there was nt much on your list of personal preferences apart from a weakness for sherin fruit .
the lyra tree forest that bordered the lake and the ice - capped mountains that rose beyond the shimmering sea of trees filled her mind with false scents and sensations ; she felt again the cool spring breezes that brought the first hint of the ripening sherin fruit to her home on the shore .
` ` they say the nearby forest can not support us all , for there is no food and the trees do not bear fruit .
the fish was wonderfully hot ; there were neri cakes and various kayrian fruits that had always been a rare luxury on seynorynael to follow it , stacks of taigh filled with jer - ba paste .
undina looked at the fruit stall .
while i was waiting for you to get here , i ate my sher - inn fruit and planted the seeds to create a future food supply , in case the natural resources on the planet could n't sustain me ... '' ` ` i thought we were both supposed to be on the same ship . ''
the two of them had stopped at the northern edge of the wooded area to eat their provisions , a few nirii rolls and some dried fruit .
the trees in the ordinary arboretums produced fruit through all seasons , as kiel remembered from his childhood ; the arboretum museum of all trees preserved against extinction , with samples taken from across the federation , was off limits to non - elite citizens , but kiel had once passed by and crept under the main barrier towards the crystalloid casing .
kiel dressed quickly and headed into the main corridor , following the others to the nearby meal center , where morning repast was served , a light , alimentary concoction with little taste , but the sherin fruit juice was divine .
they declined the decanters of refreshment , selerael offered them , sweet , clear spirits with a scent of spices and several other sweet cakes and fruits .
he added , looking at hinev as he picked up a piece of sherin fruit that lay on the table .
the fruits leftover from ornenkais welcoming feast were now nearly gone , but for the sherin fruit , and the rest of hinevs offerings were but gruel , urbin roots , and taigh rolls for the children who studied under his tutelage .
the fruits leftover from ornenkais welcoming feast were now nearly gone , but for the sherin fruit , and the rest of hinevs offerings were but gruel , urbin roots , and taigh rolls for the children who studied under his tutelage .
a bowl of fruit lay on the table .
there were cooked vegetables , a selection of fruit , some chicken , and burritos .
at breakfast we had oatmeal and fruit , very healthy .
this morning for breakfast we had a bowl full of cut up fruit and nuts with a little yogurt .
hussein questioned much of this and wondered whether a porsche pantera was necessary to meld into american society as he considered how much fruit will await sameer in his paradise .
you betcha fruit of the looms !
as he lay exhausted on the hammock dangling in the center of the room , the bamboo door swung open silently and a stunning polynesian beauty came in , setting a basket of fruit in the center of the natural koa wood table .
sensing her presence and without turning , shawn asked , wairau , you been stealing fruit again ?
do they own the rain which watered this fruit , or the sunshine giving it life ?
well , you re always telling me i steal souls , you re not much better stealing fruit .
shawn prez , she chastened , we have the trees blessing to eat her fruit .
and lokahi to you too , ya little fruit thief .
she put the bowl of the fruit on a table next to the hammock .
with a cheery smile beneath piercing eyes , ben tilted his head , nodding towards a small garden of oddly massive fruits and vegetables where , hidden amongst the bounty , was an array of tilted mirrors at angles perfectly placed to reflect light onto a translucent three - dimensional canopy strung up over the patch of vegetation .
wairua , with eyes still closed , said to drake , did you miss the taste of fruit on your tongue , the cool breeze on your face ?
every day , wairua fed him fresh , natural fruits ( that she stole ) to help him gain weight and regain his strength .
wairua , you may be a liar and a fruit thief , but you re quick with the beers , and that s all that matters !
the farm itself looked well tended , the crops apparently rows of fruit trees .
their land was unsuitable for farming or even for the natural growth of trees or shrubs whose fruit could be harvested .
his aura was this cool metallic blue with flecks of orange in it that sometimes reminded me of a jello fruit salad .
oh master , my feminine fruits are all wet , cried debbie .
he had begun gathering feminine fruits in new york and finally worked his way to nashville .
hell , they all looked like they were , all but chuck , and that little fruit loop did n't count .
while the first batches bubbled in the hot oil , mother got out the large cans of fruit cocktail they had found in a school cafeteria a few weeks back and began to open them .
her words trailed off as she looked at the bowls of fruit cocktail that lined the counter waiting to be picked up by the townspeople who helped serve the meals , and the trays of yummy smelling fried squares .
mother fixed some cakes and fruit cocktail on a plate , grabbed a spoon , and headed to cora 's room .
it was almost soul - crushing for the people who worked so hard to learn that most of the growth was inedible vines as they stared at the small pile of actual fruit .
zalto lounged behind one the largest food tables , almost obscured by a high pile of exotically colored fruit .
` ` good fortune is smiling on us , '' starbuck said , lifting in toast a flat , blue , hexagonally - shaped fruit .
` ` well , '' said zalto , edging toward the commander while peeling a lumpy lavender fruit , ` ` i do n't think there can be any doubt as to our decision .
eat that pouch of dried fruit in the bag .
you expect me to eat these lumps of sugar made to look like fruit pieces ?
i watched him shove a handful of the fruit into his mouth and cringe .
don seemed to know where we were going , or else his stops at places with water and fruit that he claimed were so out of our way were convenient stumbles .
i would think that don was slipping us something like the peace fruit .
besides the time with the peace fruit , you have never led me to believe that i was in danger of being physically harmed by you .
you have never taken the peace fruit since , so we have not had a problem .
he had shoved a handful of dried fruit into his mouth , and he made a face as he chewed it up quickly .
we both grinned again , and i rested my forehead against his as he carried me out into the living room where violet , alice , and now quinn were fast asleep with a pack of cards strewn on the table and pieces of dried fruit and random vegetables in the center .
as much as i am opposed to it , if that means eating enough peace fruit to live like a maenad for three weeks , then that is what it means .
however , if don and i say that the peace fruit is not allowed , for one thing , many of you will do anything in your power to get it .
and yes , it has caused some tragedies to occur , but the peace fruit and the way people use it is hardly our greatest concern .
i do not care if you have a drink , but if i see you even glance at that tray of peace fruit tarts over there , i will drag you home by your ear .
that 's a peace fruit tart ?
brynna , did you eat the peace fruit ?
my eyes squeezed shut , and i breathed heavily , praying that it would be over quickly , praying that he would n't kill me to cover it up , remembering what donovan had done to those women when he was high on the peace fruit , remembering how close penny had come to being one of his victims these men were only drunk , but still , they were acting no less like animals than those who had taken the peace fruit .
my eyes squeezed shut , and i breathed heavily , praying that it would be over quickly , praying that he would n't kill me to cover it up , remembering what donovan had done to those women when he was high on the peace fruit , remembering how close penny had come to being one of his victims these men were only drunk , but still , they were acting no less like animals than those who had taken the peace fruit .
did you like taking the peace fruit ?
the peace fruit turned you into something no one could recognize , which is why you hurt me .
i walked right into that he murmured , but brynna , i am being honest now : i took the peace fruit .
you are a danger to me if you took the peace fruit a few days ago .
i ate the peace fruit and hurt you .
its not like you re sitting around eating peace fruit all night and having a really bad experience the following morning like i did .
peace fruit pie and a strong dosage of armistice ?
i asked , as we all ate a hearty breakfast of goat cheese , egg , and bacon sandwiches on homemade bread and various pangaean fruits , all of which had been made or grown by us , all of which would be gone soon and replenished only when adam chose to replenish it .
the elaborately decorated stands selling merchandise they deemed morally reprehensibletonics for enhancement of romantic trysts , peace fruit , alcohol , and even the seamstresses shophad been burnt .
he pointed to a shanty town of scattered wooden homes , old clay huts , and fruit stands surrounding a clearing , the vegetation and trees form the woods offering a quaint backdrop to the rustic commerce and exchanges of everyday life .
they snacked on berries and fruit from the sack as they headed up .
she walks out of the bus in order and is processed by the officer on both sides , asking her routine questions that were obvious to answer no to because she is in police custody , like do you have any fruits , vegetables , or other items to declare ?
the stroke of local commerce enveloped the proper atmosphere as fruit pickers sold their wares and farmers marketed their livestock and produce to those passing by .
he takes the time , like a flavescent bloodhound , to track down the most interesting and savor each moment and enhance his experience in this new land as he walks eagerly looking about at the cobble stone roads , the gorgeous marketplaces , the fruits and vegetables sold eagerly by happy vendors , the sounds of children playing in the streets , and the smell of fresh baked bread and pastries filling the air as each in and of itself is enough to fill ones heart with joy and bliss .
in preparation , silas sanction is waiting for the deliveries of the sacred fruit to come .
the fruit will be here soon . ''
phew , i am so glad they did not throw rotten fruit at me this time .
the long table is covered with purple linen and topped with trays of various dishes , meats , cheeses , wines , fruits , and bread .
basically , my dear , these miniature probes will produce the needed nutrients from the organic material of any living fruit , vegetable , mineral , or animal and replicate it over and over as many times a needed .
instead , she made a beeline for the fresh fruit .
furtively , she glanced around the cafeteria to see if anyone was watching , then slipped the fruit into her jacket pocket- ` ` hey ! ''
` ` i saw you sneak that fruit , '' he said , holding his own tray , filled with something that resembled meat .
is he going to take a break from not catching pirates to come arrest me for stealing fruit ? ''
or maybe she did ; ` ` fruit stealer '' might add a few credits to her bounty .
lyssa asked , taking a huge bite of her fruit .
that has fruit and zucchini in it .
we brought him some fruit .
on the other hand , the mantroc gala was a prime fruit ready to be plucked from the trees ; more money could be taken in one night than the vagabonds made in six months .
within minutes , everyone who had so much as tasted the toxic fruit was deadits juice appearing to be a kind of slow - releasing acid that , once in contact with human saliva , burnt through tissue , muscle and skin .
i hardly noticed , even when a piece of fruit was hurled at me , slapping me on the shoulder .
i remember meat , fruit vegetation .
there were fruits , vegetables and animals that we killed and ate .
i used to go out into the fields and pick red fruits called pawberries that grew in patches on the earth .
julieth watched bayne reach up , twist a fruit from one of the limbs and then reach out and place it in andrals palm .
andral asked ivanus , who had just picked a fruit of his own from the tree .
the insides of the fruit are sweet .
julieth took a step toward the tree and reached up , feeling the smoothness of the fruit with her fingertips .
juice from the fruit dripped down his arm .
julieth brought her fruit to her lips , savoring the sweet scent before biting through its skin and enjoying the way its juices caressed her throat .
fruit , i never dreamed i d have fruit .
fruit , i never dreamed i d have fruit .
riad approached , inserting a shard of metal from his finger into a still hanging fruit .
julieth and the others picked the remaining fruit and then followed .
tree after tree bloomed , young limbs morphing to bark , moaning with the rapid growth , until a small forest of fruit trees shaded gests massive rust gates .
they would not open their gates for nomads , but will they open them for fruit ?
one man approached the nearest tree , reaching up and plucking a red fruit from its branch .
we came upon him in the desert and he brought fruit to life for us as well .
trees bearing fruit swayed in the wind .
this albino can create fruit .
he creates trees and fruit at will .
he has enriched their city with foliage , trees and fruit .
the albino has provided us with fruit , real fruit , not the substance of the food re - producers .
the albino has provided us with fruit , real fruit , not the substance of the food re - producers .
he has brought us fruit .
chapter 26 julieth stood silently , watching children run around the grove of fruit trees ineal had brought to life in the citys center .
she reached her hand up , feeling the smooth skin of a red fruit , twisting and plucking it from its limb before bringing it to her mouth and crunching a bite .
others had already begun peddling the fruits growing about them and different shaped leaves from the trees limbs .
it had been a necessity before to sell whatever one could in the streets , but now fruit was abundant and it was more of a peaceful thing to do with the day .
men to the west come for gests water and fruit .
yes , julieth responded , and fruit , beautiful trees bearing fruit with more taste than anything you have ever eaten .
yes , julieth responded , and fruit , beautiful trees bearing fruit with more taste than anything you have ever eaten .
you will share the fruit and water of this land or you will leave it and journey to another place .
while your people learn to accept we will gather bowls of fruit to bring back to the lake and share with this starving flock .
that night , beneath the veranda of trees , julieth shared fruit from inside the city walls with the starving mass .
the sweet juice of a red fruit swam on her taste buds as she bit into it .
the fruit they had brought with them from gest was now gone and so they were left with what remained of their synthetic replicated food .
praise to you for the fruits we eat .
small fires also pocked the desert beyond the trees as groups of men and women gathered , telling stories and sharing ideas while enjoying fresh fruit that had been provided to them .
a waiter dressed in white lays a fruit cocktail on a small bamboo table .
there were vegetables , some kind of meat , potatoes , gravy , fruits , desserts , and even bread .
quick fixes , low - lying fruit , there is plenty of jargon for this .
angel city had only two apple trees and bartering for their fruit was steep .
there were a couple of grass snakes and some barrel cactus fruit , but i did n't have the energy to cook up the snake .
i grabbed a few fruits and ate clumsily while i undressed .
we were paid in luxuries like fruits and vegetables from the gardens , but flowers were the sacred , god - given province of the gardeners alone .
i was going to spend most of my barter the vegetables and some fruit from the houses that were the greenguard 's pay to get more water , but i 'd grown up on crickmeal and saguaro .
he had cactus fruits and a few twists of lizard jerky laid out on his bandana .
i could imagine biting into one of the fruits so vividly that i could taste it .
dean loaded his plate with rice , gincarvaa fruit everyone loved from p302dand a few slices of processed feltry .
the hooded woman nibbled on a stick of mixed grains and dried fruit .
i dumped by school bag on the counter top and snatched an apple from the bowl of mixed fruits .
in her hand she held a basket of freshly baked rolls , which she added to a table already set with fine china and an assortment of fruits , pastries , and hot cereal .
they certainly have been discussing the guns an awful lot lately , lita said , selecting a peach from the fruit bowl .
we should have a shindiglio with the final four and a super - max style taco bar with four fruits of the adaptable avocado ! ''
my target in their brains was chosen based upon the fruit of a medical mistake .
have them show themselves or ill split your head open like a rotten fruit .
i walk within two feet of them and their heads explode like fruit as i let off two shots .
pleroma is a vast ( an endless ) land , as filled with wonders as a fruit with juice , and i would drink it all before i turned and drew the door to take myself back home .
no fruit in all these spartan fields- just frost and stunted grass .
a bored old playboy , chewing on the breast of some defeated whore , as if to tease one final drop of joy- but though you squeeze , this fruit is dry , however hard you press .
ennui , the fruit of endless apathy , takes on the shape of immortality .
for fruits and vegetables we will be test most of the major types including pineapples , soy , corn , wheat , cherries and peppers .
hopefully , it will bear fruit .
new - earth miniseries gavii fruit : a tangy melon fruit that originated on the planet paxel .
new - earth miniseries gavii fruit : a tangy melon fruit that originated on the planet paxel .
its fruit is often crushed for juice extracts and is a strong source of vitamins and minerals , notably vitamin b3 .
juggernaut miniseries grango fruit : ( pronounced gran - goh ) the fruit from the grangow plant .
juggernaut miniseries grango fruit : ( pronounced gran - goh ) the fruit from the grangow plant .
its a yellow citrus - like fruit , with thick skin , tangy sour juice and high in fiber .
templar miniseries highwater : water combined with minerals , vitamins , and body - salts and with the citrus fruits of jilta , sold commercially and made from similar fruits in different sectors .
templar miniseries highwater : water combined with minerals , vitamins , and body - salts and with the citrus fruits of jilta , sold commercially and made from similar fruits in different sectors .
jeremy looked at his breakfast and then at hers ; coffee , juice , half a piece of toast and a small bowl of mixed fruit .
first a light breakfast of fruit .
first he frowned at the food avon had prepared for breakfast ; fruit and berries .
clatterford was standing bargaining with a man with a stall of spirits , fruits , and other services for some apples when he is surrounded by a number of swiss guardsmen .
stale bread , shitty beans , the occasional piece of fruit and anything wet they could hold down .
a knee deep pile of its signature spikey brown balls clustered around its roots as if every bit of the trees fruit had fallen off at the same time .
` ` i stand corrected , jimmy could n't have landed in the water , apparently everything on the island comes out of hyperspace on this equalizer , '' she said , picking up solomon , a few conch shells , a basket of fruit and two spoons from atop the equipment .
` ` they are fruit , food . ''
sister mary francis had come into the kitchen unnoticed and was setting the table without noise , moving back and forth to bring the butter and the cheese and the fruit and the cucumber salad .
for all her harsh demeanor the sister did n't like sparseness and austerity and the communal meals , always lavish with warm bread and baked goods and platters of the vegetables and fruit they had grown themselves made her feel proud and fulfilled .
they passed through the pear orchard where the kids were playing hide and seek , picking fruit every now and then to quench their thirst .
restless parents found every reason imaginable to slide through time back and forth with warm clothing , fresh baked pies or favorite and woefully unavailable fruit .
he made them distinguish the seeds of the earth , and showed them how to collect fruits .
this monster dwelt by day with men , but took no food ; he gave them knowledge of letters , arts , and sciences ; he taught them to build towers and temples ; and to establish laws ; he instructed them in the principles of geometry ; taught them to sow , and to gather the fruits of the earth ; in short , whatever could contribute to polish and civilize their manners .
the british museum has one babylonian seal showing two figures standing on each side of a tree , holding out their hands to the fruit , while behind one figure is stretched a serpent .
he shall not eat the fruit of his labor .
this garden is described as being full of flowers and fruits , with beautiful birds playing among them .
and no amount of birdfeed , grain , raw or cooked meat , fruits or vegetables could bring them closer to the ground than about 5 meters .
he landed in a forest that was abundant with fruit and vegetation and was full of animal life .
ben had been eating stale granola bars all morning and desperately wanted some fresh fruit .
after our lavish buffet dinner we finished the weeks ' activities by going for a walk on the grand terrace , a large boulevard of hothouse palm and tropical fruit trees , flowers and exotic grasses .
i was relaxing and doing some stretching exercises in the small hothouse where a few labor mechs were cultivating fruits and vegetables .
most of the sugar on the colony came from the fruit industry .
one carried a basket of fruits , and another two had some kind of weaving thrown over their shoulders .
the woman carrying the fruits was muscular , and had a meaty build that told me shed worked in the gardens on a daily basis ; the weavers were a man and woman , both young , whose hands looked clean and fragile .
the promise of a platter of crepes stuffed with traditional sondranos fruits alongside a table - top of scones and muffins no longer holds any appeal .
bowls of fruit some rotting , some half eaten , and some fresh had been placed sporadically on each table .
i d seen the pictures in books of flourishing fields and gorgeous fruit trees .
tenji ordered a glass of furyondian emerald pale wine , and a platter of fruit and cheese for their guide .
when they finished he looked at them evenly as fatima nibbled gratefully at the fruit and cheese .
back out in the sunlight , the sound of waves crashing against the shore below mingled with the laughter of water falling from natural rock fountians and wandering through stone aqueducts surrounded by flowering trees and tropical fruit orchards .
in addition to several barrels of cheap ale and bottles of rum , the shack was well supplied with enough large cured leather wineskins , dried meat and fruit , and tropical nuts to last over a dozen people many days .
one tended the fire and the other was harvesting berries and fruit from a small orchard .
from under his cloak , he produced a large leather wine skin and a burlap sack filled with dried fruit , nuts and thick pieces of salted jerky , which he handed to one of the women .
they glanced up and saw the barmaid returning , bearing a tray filled with roasted turkey legs , sliced tropical fruits and a large dusty crystal jug of mead .
the mead was velvety and sweet in the northwomans throat , and washed down the fruit and meat covering the platter , satisfyingly .
coffee and fruit and cheese platter for these fine customers .
he d bought some fruit and carefully shared an apple out between them .
to rileys abject disappointment , she returned with one , round piece of fruit .
it did not take the queens daughter so long to get one piece of fruit from a tree because she s incompetent , riley .
she saw the company cafeteria , with its daily selection of fresh breads , fresh fruit and gourmet lunch selections .
some had pottery ; some had fresh fruit , while others had books .
i think you are doing nothing but wandering around the village reading books , eating fruit , and talking to citizens .
the eggshells were emptythe barren fruits of a hysterical pregnancybut the animal believed them to be her unhatched children .
there was also a plastic bag with enough sealed granola clusters , beef biltong , fruit and vegetable jerky , hardtack , chocolate bars , and cubes of dried milk to last him two weeks .
cass face wrinkled like old fruit .
lansing unwrapped a slab of fruit and vegetable jerky .
lansing supplied beef biltong , fruit and vegetable jerky , and round hardtack .
tir tairngire is very similar to terra , except for more appearances of blues and oranges in nature , a few carnivorous bushes and some explosive fruit .
as i pass the mess hall , i grab a few pieces of fruit and continue down to the 5th level .
we walk through the ship together , stopping at the mess hall to grab some fruit and crackers .
rosa does the same thing with her requests , suggesting a bowl of antlerbeast stew and two small fruit tarts .
simons hotter than a freshly baked fruit tart , but he s not the friendliest goblin i ve ever met .
jordan opened a small bottle of fruit juice .
crazy as a fruit bat .
the guys as crazy as a fruit bat .
13 matthew chapter twelve verse thirty three says , either make the tree food and his fruit good ; or else make the tree corrupt and his fruit corrupt : for the tree is known by his fruit .
13 matthew chapter twelve verse thirty three says , either make the tree food and his fruit good ; or else make the tree corrupt and his fruit corrupt : for the tree is known by his fruit .
13 matthew chapter twelve verse thirty three says , either make the tree food and his fruit good ; or else make the tree corrupt and his fruit corrupt : for the tree is known by his fruit .
may your stay with us be a fruitful one ; an old rotting fruit , but still fruit nonetheless . ''
his fruit jubbly occupied his attention .
dollop had just accepted and armed himself with a pool cue , his head protected by fruit bowl that had no place amongst such debauchery .
and then i was back at the station with my suitcase in my hand , a light tan , a new hat , and the wife waxing lyrical about the fruit and the attentive waiters and demanding to go back next year .
as soon as she was old enough , belinda had been put to work in the orangery , picking the fruit which filled out the toe of those glorious christmas stockings .
apparently children no longer wanted fruit among their christmas presents .
green growing things as far as i could see and fruit trees in bloom .
as a botanist i knew they required less food and water and produced just as much fruit or nuts as a normal sized tree and as much oxygen .
i was sure that there was a blueprint somewhere with every bush and tree on it , along with exactly how much oxygen it should create and how much fruit or nuts it should produce .
somehow i 'd have to find party clothes and hopefully , some kind of food other than fruit to still the rumbling in my stomach .
the trees had blossoms and green fruit and ripe apples all at the same time so fruit could be harvested continuously .
the trees had blossoms and green fruit and ripe apples all at the same time so fruit could be harvested continuously .
but i should n't take another load of fruit to town for a few days .
trees in the orchard were heavy with fruit but i did n't dare bring too much too often .
you are a creature of habit and today is your day to harvest fruit . ''
but as he ducked around the apples hanging heavy on the trees he said , ` ` this fruit is wonderful .
as on those mornings , today the table was set for two and i saw muffins and fruit on it .
there are apples in the orchard ready to be harvested and since we 're joined at the hip , you 're about to be educated on the finer points of picking fruit . ''
by hand instead of by conversing with the trees and bushes and convincing them to gently lay their fruit in my cart .
` ` check out the fruit trees .
he did n't recognize any of the food but could see what looked like fruits , vegetables and other items sliding out of the machine .
josh found plastic sheets with images of different types of fruits and vegetables .
wandering around , he found an ad showing the usual fruits and veggies but it also had the red meat on it .
fruit , veggies , some flowers or maybe a slab of raw meat ?
` ` get some fresh fruit and vegetables .
he took a bite of a grape - like fruit , then slid the plate through the shield .
the hand grabbed the cluster of grape - like fruit and started to lift it to the creature 's mouth .
josh could see pink stains from the fruit around the snout .
lemmy would n't touch any of the meat , but gladly ate vegetables and fruits .
` ` if it was me , i 'd have fruit trees and berry bushes .
` ` i wish you had some of those fruit trees and berry bushes planted in there now .
we need fresh fruit and vegetables .
lemmy stuck with them for half that time pointing out fruits and vegetables she would eat .
josh found some fresh fruit which he carried to the front of the store .
when they had settled in the cab and told the driver where they wanted to go , josh reached in the bag and brought out one of the fruits .
that fruit was good . ''
josh told him to take them to a good eating place that served lots of fresh fruits and vegetables .
under each dome were fields of vegetables and fruits that could be grown in a week , along with protein synthesis farms that used engineered bacteria to produce chains of complex nutrient additives .
she plucked this first star from the empyrean , as easily as plucking fruit from a tree .
death is all you can do , and you sow it everywhere without consequence to the fruit it bears .
she heard vendors hawking fresh fruits and fried pastries .
she reached up and pulled a star towards her as if it were no more than a ripe fruit on a branch .
whatever fruit it bore had fallen away in seasons past .
one is a snapshot of a bowl of metallic fruit sitting on a table .
the kitchen is full of baking supplies and fruit .
all that giving to the village , all the fruit and veg , you 'd think he 'd see an old lady right , would n't you ?
alex took longer , almost destroying the fruit as if it were the tower itself .
he passed her some fruit and the last of the bread .
the crate of medicines disappeared between boxes of dried fruits and nuts .
precious metals of course , rare woods and fruits , but the cities are always eager for new technology .
the zor love this fruit .
the meal consisted of a verity of fresh fruits , vegetables and nuts .
none from the fruits of the by - gone poison .
gossip is the fruit of jealousy and dawdleness .
somehow , ben ended up with a large stash of tabasco sauce , powdered eggs , dried fruit and ramen noodles , and he decided that he would make some unholy concoction from that .
xenos ate only fruit and assorted grain , they were herbivores who grew food on massive hanging farms .
apes perched in the only cluster of trees on the mountainside watched the boys pass by underneath them , tucking into the sweet flesh of fresh fruit .
the robinsons drank from bottles made from hard fruit skins and bamboo canes .
over seven feet tall if he was an inch , he lumbered over to a pit , stood at the edge , reached for the bait and plucked it like it were a piece of fruit from a low hanging tree .
i replied , frozen fruit twist , please .
after blending in several frozen fruits , the bartender turned back around with the frozen pink drink .
i shook my head just before chugging another frozen fruit twist .
do you have any frozen fruit drinks ?
she paused and went to the kitchen and took a box of fruit loops down from an upper shelf that also had a box of triscuits , two bottles of opened squirt cheese , and five packages of ramen instant noodles .
she poured a bowl of fruit loops and shoved the box back into the cabinet without looking where it went .
yep , fresh from jahiro , only thirty mini - credits a kilogramme , the owner of the dried fruit and nut stand worked his trade , though he need nt have .
i heard a saying once , the future is like an unknown fruit , you do nt know how it tastes , slick said glumly , what will terranch be like in five years time ?
it put more in mind though , the meeting of two wasp colonies over a fruit tree .
strictly speaking it was nt even hers yet , she seemed a generous sort anyway , all that fruit of the sea stuff then there was that whole taking and not giving back thing .
a yellow pear shaped fruit landed on the ground between them .
the fruit is quite good by the way ... yicle stooped to wipe his swords clean .
he picked up one of the fruits he had thrown .
i thought the rest of them were right behind me ... curiba ventured , ... they may have got held up by an orange cart ... fresh fruit ?
i picked up a few on my way a pity they had no cashew apples ... mmmh , slick snatched the now exotic fruit eagerly and began peeling , cashew apples ?
some day he might try and grow an orange tree he wondered would it bear fruit if it were from a commercial orange .
what is the fruit on top of your waffles called ?
now tell me again what the little pieces of fruit on top of your waffles are called .
just make sure she s eating all her fruits and vegetables and drinking enough water .
even though she complained , natalie ate the fruit and the extra vegetables suella sneaked into her diet .
kaitlyn pulled up a chair beside her while she ate her belgian waffle and fruit .
suella could not eat another bite of the waffle or the fruit .
jillian ate a light fruit plate and a scone with her tea ; she had a wedding dress to fit into later .
i look down at the slices of fruit and sigh .
the meal consisted of a standardized thick substance , with an additional fruit or vegetable and vitamin and mineral supplements .
the addition of one or two vegetables or fruits gave a small pinch of luxury to a meal that would be otherwise extremely miserly .
through the androids rendition , the skyrrnians browsed through the ancient fruits of khersomaaw research and production .
some of the trees had growths that looked like fruit , but they left them alone .
rahm kota took out a small orb the size of a piece of fruit from the folds of his cloak .
a modest garden sat in the center of the pack and featured most of the key seasonal forest fruits : arugula , dragon tongue bush beans , broccoli , endive , bulls blood beets and brussels sprouts , florence fennel , garlic , kale , carrots , corn and cauliflower , radicchio , rhubarb , parsnip , potatoes and pumpkins .
of course he did nt add that the image of her , widowed ( or , worse , remarried ) , savouring the fruit of the tree that had killed him was unbearable .
while waiting for the tree to bear fruit , his wife often read in its skinny shadow .
in the fallen realms , she thought to herself , something is broken in the very fabric of the world - fruit and vegetables are no longer nutritious enough to sustain life - zelf had almost died of malnutrition before she finally relented and ate meat , and only because she would not have been able to fulfil her mission if she had died .
whether it was merely the disgusting smell , or a real health problem she was nt sure - she knew mercury contamination could be a problem with seafood in this terrible realm - whatever it was , she only knew that she had to have red meat , fruit and vegetables .
to proclaim the yin one must fully embrace the yang , and taste the forbidden fruit !
but his lips and that faint whisper cooperated to put together something bizarre and familiar : the tree of crime bears bitter fruit .
and with the shadow came my once best friend charley schulz , out of mind for half a century , in a summer lot playing the shadow and me the italian gangster and charley laughing sardonically and reciting the business about the tree and the fruit .
what the machine gave in quick succession was , i remember , the speckled pattern of the carpet renovated by the return to the pre - hanna years , the fold of a curtain , a dragons head on a chinese vase , a big oval mirror pivoted to a wooden stand , ceiling - cornices , the fluted leg of a chair ( i must stop ) an electrical outlet , certain keys of a piano i must nt enumerate , the cross of window - panes , a dish of fruit on the table : three mottled bananas , four apples , two oranges , a bunch of grapes , how many grapes ?
once again , movement interrupted the glass ball investigation and the machine focused on mrs morgenstern bearing in a platter of fruit .
it would germinate and root in his mind , grow immense and black and bear bitter fruit , like the shadows tree .
choice nuts and dried fruit now ?
with the coming of night she stopped by a stream and ate fruit from her pack , content to sit under the stars .
the man shrugged , not taking his eyes off her though he was slicing fruit .
palsamon was mixing fruit in a bowl , but still he watched .
with the fruit salad finished , he sat down by the table .
the residents of grovely had eaten mainly fruit and vegetables in recent years .
it would n't be used for impaling fruit , but it was pointy .
some were grinding meal between smooth glass stones ; others were preparing fruits to be preserved .
tuki watched , unable to do anything , as the stranger hurled the fruit his way .
then more fruit came , and more , until it seemed to fall out of the sky like the water had .
much of the fruit was rotten , but it would not harm him as the fists and feet had earlier .
within moments , the whole group was dripping with the remains of fruit and vegetables as they moved forward at the donkeys ' slow , steady pace .
he was throwing fruit at all of those meek , intelligent humans crowding along the sides of the road .
it was a wonderful fruit , juicy and crisp and clean .
fruit and vegetables were being collected in baskets from wrecked houses .
there was fruit , rich and ripe , and he could smell porridge .
` ` we do , but we have fruit as well , if you would prefer . ''
` ` vegetables and fruit . ''
` ` what sort of vegetables and fruit ? ''
` ` haackhir is a soft yellow fruit that grows on a tree .
` ` surely the fruits can not grow in both the colder and warmer times of the year . ''
the horse immediately took the fruit and chewed on the morsels while richard packed up his things .
we 're just used to finding boxes filled with letters , maybe even fruit .
the beans and typical fruits seemed to work best , while the canning of meat did n't go as well as expected .
i ' m willing to let go of two full crates of ammunition , in exchange for some of your finest wine and a pile of your freshest fruit .
i throw the game and the fruit inside , and i m commenting about our luck to lectric before i realize again that he s not at my heels .
i walked into the dining area and grabbed a bowl of fruit and some pastries .
we made it through the line and were amazed to find that we did not have to eat freeze dried food , everything was fresh fruits and vegetables , and they were even serving grilled meats .
she opted for a sherbet dip , a lollipop and a packet of fruit pastels .
she added tins of baked beans , fruit , vegetables , sausages in brine , cuppa soup satchels , and two loaves of bread .
the harvest moon still shined bright , providing the niche shifters the opportunity to gather a few more loads of the lakes aquatic vegetables and fruits .
walking along the shoreline with the river to their left and giant mushrooms on the right , an ever - present cool breeze wafted a mixed odor of fertile soil , ripe fruit and fish .
the kuwani season was at its peak and yet another long day of harvesting the exotic fruit had ended .
the fruit 's sweet aroma , mixed with pungent sweat , steeped into weathered smocks and worn breeches .
recorded in the deeds and believed by all as a true miracle , no one more than the shifters who harvested the fruit appreciated this understatement .
no person has ever witnessed the kuwani fruit separate from its stalk without outside intervention since that miraculous day .
the fruits determination to stay connected to the provider is legendary .
not only will it die on the vine but also refuses to fall until the next season 's fruit appears .
` ` to what end , '' stalling asked , seeing no obvious fruit baring characteristics .
sevorist tore into the ball and found a dozen smaller , tan balls that look like skinned fruit .
game and fruit baring trees and bushes were abundant .
but first , i must taste of this lush fruit . ''
jovani rummaged inside his shirt to fish out a small hand knife that would normally be used for peeling fruits .
he took out hazels book to read at the table so he could take his time finishing the giant maroa fruits that came on the side .
the fruits are as large as a small fist and have a sweet flavor .
chase had the last bite of the giant maroa fruit and left the restaurant .
ness stolid expression meant the saint was about to be very broke for a few weeks while his friend ordered nothing but expensive seafood and rare fruits .
any type of juice on 50th century manticore was considered fancy because natural fruits and vegetables could not be grown outside under the scorching light of the jhard .
all fruits were either grown in the artificial biospheres , or frozen and then shipped to manticore from other planets humans had colonised .
bowls of fresh fruit are placed at regular intervals on the table .
the skin of the fruit is taught .
i like my fruit hard , as a rule , like an apple , slightly under - ripe and tart .
i struggle to chew and swallow this particular fruit even as i use my tongue to work out a piece of it stuck between my front teeth .
the meal is washed down with a watered - down wine and fruit concoction reminiscent of sangra .
the meal is followed by another fruit course .
i ' m still masticating a rather large mouthful of tart , firm , granny - smith - like fruit when goren reclaims the dais .
they have fruits and other delicious treats from the different sanctions .
this has to be one of their best meals i ve had on the shuttle , and they gave us ice cream , chocolate cake , and fruit for dessert .
your people once thought they would protect them and so fed them the best of the fruits from tree , shrub , and limb . ''
satyr 1 : yes , the seeds we planted so long ago finally bear fruit .
jake stared at the ravaged fruit of the oak .
he could see an abundance of black fruit , about the same size as apples slightly hidden behind almost every leaf .
her father had said that the dutch - russians would kick his fruits and chase him off but a little girl would be allowed and might sell more than a tokyo2 farmer could .
it was wedged in the branches of a tree like some pendulous fruit .
maize meal was ground and stored in sacks , vegetables were pickled , fruits became jams and barrels of flour for bread were stocked up .
steam billowed out of the side of the canvas structure and a strange smell of vinegar and sugar and fruit wafted through the air .
opposite them were another group of people working at a preparation table , slicing vegetables , peeling fruit , measuring and weighing .
it did nt take nate long to realize that they were pickling vegetables and turning fruit into preserves for the winter .
also general forage , wild carrots , tubers , fruits .
there were bottles of red wine at the tables as well as jugs of water and fresh fruit juice .
james had spent the better part of the year preserving , drying , freezing , and pickling all kinds of fruits , meats , and vegetables .
occasionally she used green - wood sticks to skillfully pluck a grape - fruit - sized hot rock from one of the fires , rinse the ashes off of the rock with a splash of water , then artfully drop the stone into a big water - tight basket containing a thick porridge that jack had identified as mush .
of course the first time she had seen us fight would be the worst fight we had had since the time james had attacked me whilst high on peace fruit .
even when we were old and bitter on the inside , even though we were still young and fresh on the outside , that idealistic scenario of a log cabin in the woods , with smoke pouring from the chimney , a vegetable garden in the backyard , fruit trees in the woods , kids running around , me chopping wood , her harvesting plants ( or maybe vice versa ) , it was all still there .
tom loved the different fruits and breads that were brought in to eat and the nectar to drink .
he walked over to where cody and aithnea sat and grabbed a dry piece of fruit and some water .
` ` they see us as low - hanging fruit but they 'll find we 're not sleeveless .
having been raised in africa , one of sixteen children and the son of a road side fruit vendor , he had been taught to give , no matter how little one had .
i do nt know how we could get fresh fruits and vegetables now , so vitamins are the next best thing .
i named it that , because we need to have fresh fruit and vegetables soon .
in the outer ring of the bazaar , duaal paused to buy a plastic tube of sweet ice , flavored with some kind of exotic hadrian fruit juice .
stretches of dry , flaking dead skin and limp , rotting limbs dangled above the nihilists , swollen and splitting like ghastly , overripe fruit .
- dr . ellan markav , dean of outland studies time lay in its cradle quietly once upon a day long ago not the song of erris is heard yet voices carried on the wind faintly laughing spring winds come whispering to find that aes lays no longer in her high , heavenly bower but in a mortal wing 's embrace so loving [ chorus : ] two hundred eighty - eight days of light will be desired by a night if you would dare lay claim to the right to ask a gift of the white to every blossom , its season autumn caresses laid to rest the goddess to the sky returned yet from erris , she could not conceal her treason for when the petals fall from the tree the wanton branches swell with fruit carried she within her a new life to the halls of the all - singer with a plea [ chorus ] erris , the first god , burned with anger that his bride had strayed from him for the innocent she carried the rage that tore worlds asunder did waver for the life of her child , aes pleaded for the love in his divine heart erris agreed with his lady but his realm never with mortal blood seeded [ chorus ] in the fullest turning of a year to aes was born a baby boy with hair black as a the deepest night cavain , she called the child , in her eye a tear by the decree of the all - singer cavain descended from the sky to the ring of wild worlds below laden with naught but his long wings and his spear [ chorus ] for his divine blood , cavain was blessed for his mortal blood , cursed to die in the turning of the ages for his numbered year , cavain dared not to rest wings , feet and gates carried him between the worlds that danced around bright aes found other winged sky - dancers sea - eyed nyads , dryads in the forests clean [ chorus ] cavain 's wandering found worlds too wild overgrown and torn by the tides all lives lived in fear of the flame only ashes left behind the fae of fire to his side , cavain called the wild herd to learn the order of the gods to raise great cities of crystal but the pyran would not heed his kindest word [ chorus ] followers of the flame called for war every city reduced to ash cavain raised his banner to them to fight back the flame for all of time , he swore before his spear , the fiery fae fell destructive blazes laid to rest never again to raise a flame cavain 's kingdom ever under peaceful spell [ chorus ] in honor of cavain 's divine call of aes the cloud - veiled sky - dancer white kingdom was named the new land to cavain was given lordship over all seasons turn , as seasons often do the night has passed beyond our sight but to his royal lineage the races of fae still pay their given due for without the gifts of cavain 's line to stream and spire and hill and sky devouring fire would consume all so sing to the raven - manes and i sing mine [ chorus ] [ chorus ] more books by erica lindquist & aron christensen : the reforged trilogy : anvil of tears sword of dreams hammer of time forged : 4 reforged short stories in the house of five dragons fireflies ( a short story collection ) the dead beat ( a short story serial ) volumes 1 - 3 whisperworld hangman 's cross ( forthcoming ) the burning noose ( forthcoming ) my guide to rpg storytelling ( nonfiction ) my storytelling guide companion ( nonfiction ) by aron christensen dbs publishing llc copyright 2015 by dbs publishing llc smashwords edition exiled- the beginning chapter 1 brooke watched the ceiling fan blades circle above her .
it took a little longer to find them than i had expected , but when my light flashed across the loads of golden fruit , ready to burst , i knew it had been worth it .
other men and women in white shirts are handing out water and fruit to the other trainees , almost like the airplane stewards in old movies .
a steward in a white shirt is standing with a plate of fresh fruit and pastries .
she stood behind a cart filled with baskets of fruits and other items .
she gave four to gaber as she deposited the fruit in her canvas bag .
a man came near and the messenger leaned forward and said , ` ` fruit . ''
the workers were given water and a bag with damp rice and a few pieces of fruit .
darro was tearing the rind off his fruit but the younger worker flicked the rice into the bag .
he reached into the bag for his fruit but stopped halfway .
he was tired of eating the dried meat and fruits that he carried .
he shouted in reply as he obediently grabbed a blue fruit from the figure - eight - shaped bowl atop of the marble column .
they d had a very healthy meal of hot oatmeal and sliced fruit this morning .
the fruits and vegetables instantly regenerated .
afua found katanian fruit , which were grown on very large and very tall tree farms , to be especially good .
like all katanian fruit , that orange was juicy , very satisfying , and had a tendency to keep ones breath fresh for hours after eating it .
as he relished the lingering taste of katanian fruit upon her tongue , her moans of pleasure were either echoed by him or simultaneously uttered with his .
four they were standing around the fruit juice machine outside the school cafeteria .
` ` that 's for old ladies , '' he said to barris , ` ` those fruit pies . ''
climbing a tree to strip it of tender golden fruit , and falling off , landing with a disastrous thud .
there was a berry - bush nearby that was heavily laden with edible red fruits , and when he shook the tree just opposite his shelter it showered him with round yellow nuts that contained a tasty dark kernel .
she ate whatever she could find that looked edible - seeds , nuts , fruits , even leaves and bark .
and the supply of berries and fruits was diminishing too , very rapidly , as the forest 's thousands of hungry new inhabitants picked it over .
from that dark moment onward , it had been scraps and shards for him , nothing more - a bit of fruit from some tree when he could find it , any unripe seeds that did n't look as though they 'd be poisonous , blades of grass , anything .
he had had nothing but fruits and nuts to eat for more days than he could remember .
we take fruit flies and cross red eyes and white eyes to see what happens .
but you ca n't breed human beings the way you do fruit flies .
not that those things would interest them as such , any more than the white eyes of the fruit fly interest us as white eyes . ''
what do trantorians know about gardening when they ' ve lived under domes all their lives , tending potted plants , zoos , and carefully arranged crops of grains and fruit - trees ?
we 'll bring them fruit .
anything 'll eat fruit . ''
to his provincial ears , beef from the prairie grouping , potatoes from the northeast woods grouping , coffee from the isthmus grouping , wine from the pacific grouping , and fruit from the central lakes grouping were something strange and wonderful .
grains and fruit trees came first ; shrubs , flowers and grass afterward .
salads , sandwiches , fruit plates , roils - that was about it .
there 'll be water , of course , and fruit juices , but no real beverages of any kind .
there was gelatin and custard , thick slabs of white bread with butter and marmalade , fruit juices , and several varieties of pills to be sluiced down .
the server robot took away his fruit cup , which was the first that alvar knew he had even eaten it .
let everyone else wear fruit salad on their chests .
i knew that if i phrased something a bit too adventurously , or stood a trifle too close to an open window in a tall building , or reached for a piece of fruit that had not been sterilized , you robots would rush in to protect me from myself .
beddle nodded to him as a serving robot handed beddle a large glass of fruit juice to quench his thirst and ease his throat .
` ` these are the fruits of natural plant life grown on aurora .
he had the uncomfortable feeling that once he was gone , the lost little objects would be found and picked up by suction ; the bowl of fruit would be burnt or discarded far from spacetown ; the very room they were sitting in would be sprayed with viricide .
we are having shrimp salad , together with bread and cheese , milk , if you wish , or any of an assortment of fruit juices .
a robot placed the salad on the table , another brought a tray of fruit juices , a third brought the bread and cheese , a fourth adjusted the napkins .
and fruit trees and poultry and rabbits and vast microorganism farms - usually called yeast farms , though the yeast makes up a minority of the growths .
he took another sip at the fruit juice , which tasted far more tantalizing than any fruit juice he had ever sipped before , and said , ` ` listen , when hummin took me to the university , we stopped at a roadside diner and had some food that was heavily yeasted .
he took another sip at the fruit juice , which tasted far more tantalizing than any fruit juice he had ever sipped before , and said , ` ` listen , when hummin took me to the university , we stopped at a roadside diner and had some food that was heavily yeasted .
what do trantorians know about gardening when they ' ve lived under domes all their lives , tending potted plants , zoos , and carefully arranged crops of grains and fruit trees ?
doughnuts , drinks , fruits , bagels , and other foods of every description were laid out on trays down its length .
she had n't bothered getting any fruit .
she hit the table and folded over it , scattering a box of doughnuts and a plate of various fruits .
it made her look both younger and simultaneously lent her an overripe look , like fruit a day swollen and spoiled .
a light breakfast was laid out on the table , heavier on the fruits and juices than was my habit .
she dumped freshly scrambled eggs onto a plate next to bacon , toast , and some mixed bits of fruit , and pressed a large glass of oj into my hand .
late spring and already fruit beginning to form out there .
there was something intense about the orchards that year , fruit larger and heavier , bees almost frenetic .
is it not the mature fruit that is plucked and eaten ? ''
odrade asked them , observing closely as answers came , watching the old mouth like a withered fruit opening purple and closing pink .
her flesh responded like a starveling who clutched at sweet fruit .
they crested a hill and cork oaks thinned out , replaced ahead by fruit orchards surrounding a community .
hands that grubbed in dirt and became stained with fruit seldom balked at muckier tasks later in life .
fali will now go back to dealing with fruits and vegetables .
dwarf apricots in green fruit , lawn , benches , small tables .
food was waiting on a low table - blue fruit , sweet and plummy , a savory yellow spread on bread tailored to her energy needs .
yes , esoteric trees and bushes , very few bearing edible fruits .
directly ahead of him lay the apricot orchard , with children working there to gather the fallen fruit .
both carried small fruit baskets woven of spice - fiber , but each basket carried a sealed package : fremkit , maula pistol , crysknife ... and the new robes sent by farad'n .
he felt the red fruit of his life swaying on a limb , fluid slipping away from him , and the fluid was the spice essence flowing through his veins .
` ` enter here and you will eat the fruit of the zaqquum , the food of hell ! ''
during the summer he had now and then hired himself out as a fruit picker and gotten carried , by open truck , miles out into the country ; that was his favorite job because he got to stuff himself with fruit .
during the summer he had now and then hired himself out as a fruit picker and gotten carried , by open truck , miles out into the country ; that was his favorite job because he got to stuff himself with fruit .
that fruit . ''
she also made up new word combinations for things she had never seen before : when shown watermelon for the first time , she signed it ` ` water fruit . ''
at first they thought the round objects were fruit , but ross decided they were stones .
but i know that you can tell a tree from what kind of fruit falls off it .
he was a potbellied , balding gardener selling fresh fruit and vegetables from the back of a pickup on a corner , and he was the only one i 'd seen who was n't trying to gouge chicagoans in their moment of trial .
he must have been loaded up with hollow points or something , because the creature 's head exploded like rotten fruit and the rest fell twitching to the ground .
but i guess every bucket of fruit has something go rotten sooner or later .
some biscuits , bacon , sausages , pancakes , toast , fruit .
she took a slow bite from it , lips sealed around the fruit .
` ` okay , now tell me why you did n't answer my question by saying pi is a sweet concoction of starchy crust enclosing a filling often of fruit ? ''
dead fruit fell from the rotting trees ; there arose a cloud of dry soil particles as the worm snorted and swung its way toward him .
then , still dripping , he 'd treat his opponent to a fruit shake and a bagel .
an eighteenth - century english trader had purchased three dozen bushels of oranges from the seville church and taken them back to london only to find the fruit inedibly bitter .
` ` you poor fruit .
iced fruit ? ''
near him in the grave they had placed strong drink , fruits , and a lute ; and these they now took out .
then he was carried to a tent in the ship ; they seated him on a quilted couch , supported him with pillows , and brought strong drink , fruits , and basil , which they placed alongside him .
old elao stood outside with a tray of fruit and warm bread .
` ` a bowl of fruit ? ''
` ` it is not a bowl of fruit either , my lord , '' ashe said .
the fist - sized red fruits glistened in the crate beside raoden , challenging the fact that they were supposed to be out of season .
he dropped one fruit in every bag , followed by some steamed corn , various vegetables , and a small loaf of bread .
` ` if you make even one comment about my resembling a kathari fruit , i will take off this tunic and hang you with it . ''
he still had n't revealed how he 'd managed to get a shipment of the fruit an entire month before the season began , a fact that was making the rest of the mercantile community rabid with jealousy .
lukel continued to munch on his fruit with a self - satisfied smirk .
his wife 's plate however , held only a few slices of fruit .
` ` i ' m enjoying my fruit , ahan , '' seaden said .
i got all the unripened fruits from his shipment last week - they should be ready by the time they hit svorden . ''
we are n't playing with fruits and silks anymore . ''
` ` it 's a pleasingly complex dish : fruit , meat , and sugars at high temperature ; extremely difficult to reverse - engineer .
with a taste like honey and fruit . ''
more brought food - fresh fruit , hot rolls and a steaming drink which smelled faintly of spice and caffeine .
he recognized the fruit , the soft caladan melon called paradan .
they had broken their fast with a drink of cold fruit juice , idaho glad to enter the predawn darkness for a brisk walk to the ' thopter .
the late afternoon sunlight cast a spidery shadow across the jumble from a golden paperweight in the shape of a fanciful tree with jeweled fruit , all mounted on a flame - crystal mountain .
` ` beans , beans , the musical fruit , '' the raven recited , inspired .
` ` musical fruit , '' he muttered .
did she require a rare fruit for her table ?
the fruit was served to her on a golden dish .
a sweet fruit odor wafted into odrade 's nostrils .
the dancers were stomping in the fruit .
odrade recognized the fruit merchant among the onlookers , a familiar wizened face she had seen several times at his stall beside her building 's entrance .
even the preserved fruit had been dusted with the spice .
the sisterhood was proud of the fruit they grew here at the power center of all their strongholds .
` ` by their fruits , ye shall know them , '' she thought .
most of that movement on the road was composed of market gardeners towing panniers of vegetables and fruit .
the roadway was almost empty except for two heavy transport pods with their tractors holding to the right verge and a large lorry hauling a towering automatic fruit picker .
there was a tart smell , though , almost like some fruit .
in the street directly ahead of them a burly figure in a thickly padded coat was engaged in loud - voiced argument with a merchant who offered a string bag filled with the dark red bulbs of a sweetly acid fruit .
the fruit smell was thick all around them .
and a ten - thousand - year - old fossil fruit bat from new guinea was described by a zoologist who not long afterward received a living specimen in the mail .
` ` gera said that red berries were your favorite fruit . ''
i mean , you have to be able to stand these fruits .
then , drawing the last remnants of energy from somewhere deep inside himself , he pushed himself up onto an elbow and grabbed the fruit lying on the bed .
fruit , vegetables , small packages .
thomas looked over at the gladers munching on fruit and a snack from a bag that looked like a mixture of nuts and seeds .
he threw the pack off his shoulders and dumped the contents ; fruits and packages scattered and thumped down the stairs .
` ` does it make me look like a fruit salad ? ''
kac observed that ` ` [ the rabbit ] does make some people uncomfortable , '' but noted that gpf is a common research tool and has been injected into yeast , molds , plants , fruit flies , mice , and cow embryos .
it was snack time.the kids were all sitting at their tables , eating pieces of cut fruit .
' i want imitation fruit raspberry lime ; what about you , eric ?
' how much , ' molinari asked suddenly , ' does the old fruit pay you ? '
it was an organism without eyes entirely , and he thought , seeing it , of fruit he had come onto as a child , overripe pears lying in the weedy grass , covered by a crawling layer of yellow jackets attracted by the sweet odor of rot .
tropical fruit sweetness poured over my tongue , textured by strips of rind shedding from the frozen banana .
i cleared my throat , pointing at the fruit crate by the door .
dr . rat knows a lot about smells , which chemicals give each fruit and flower its distinctive aroma - but she 'll never have the olfactory sense of a predator .
i had a canteen of fruit punch in my backpack , along with some beef jerky and some chocolate .
i raided the small staff kitchen and came away with not only coffee , but several bagels and some fresh fruit .
there 's also the aroma of honeyed pastries , fried s - meat , and some kind of fruit , a sharp , succulent tang .
he sighs and fastidiously selects some fruit .
there used to be flesh , muscle , but i ' ve withered like the crone dolls children make from the husks of sere , out - of - season fruit .
i find loras there , picking at his fruit .
they offer fresh fruit and vegetables , so there must be a hydroponics garden somewhere on station .
we stop last at the food stalls , just a couple really , people offering fresh fruit and vegetables , bread and wine .
` ` though it is occasionally difficult to persuade them that our bounties would not be better served with a sweet glaze and mixed fruit . ''
sweet strains wend through the smoky dark toward me , notes of throbbing warmth that seem to hang in the crystal - cold air like tropical fruit .
since i ' m slicing off vel 's faux skin as if peeling fruit , i do n't see his shrug , but i hear it in jael 's voice .
i daydream about fresh fruits and vegetables , drizzled with a sweet tangy sauce .
these days , only the elite know what it 's like to eat fresh fruits and vegetables , and only throwbacks consume real flesh .
spacious grounds with seven open gardens and terraces invite you to take a stroll ; tiered balconies overflow with miniature fruit trees .
we can eat citrus fruit all day long and lick the juice from our fingers without suffering any harm .
it has never been this slow between us , and the sweetness fills me like the juice of a ripe fruit .
we can find fruit and freshwater nearby .
i step into the flat , which smells of tea and good fruit marmalade .
after further exploration , he finds some fruit and roots that should be safe for us both to eat .
asking about friends and hobbies does n't seem likely to yield fruit , so i wrack my brain for other topics .
i have planted several rumors that i expect to bear fruit within the next two months .
my hope bears fruit when the crowd below shrieks .
` ` i only spit fruit punch into your mouth . ''
it tastes like one of those pulpy venusian fruits . ''
it 's a natural fruit .
there was a bowl of fruit on the table .
ted emptied the bowl , setting the fruit on the table .
ted began to position the pieces of fruit .
harry came back into the room , looked at the fruit on the table , but said nothing .
she felt like she was starving , yet leaving a warm fruit pie uneaten .
well , some of us ai n't lucky enough to spend our days eating fruit and laying about .
it appeared to also have been made with the exotic chicken , but had been mixed with steamed methi fruit and covered in a reddish - brown sauce .
what merchant worth his stormlight wo n't partake of the very fruit he sells ?
his scrawny leanness was gone , his face having slowly gained a juicy plumpness , like a fruit ripening after the drowning 's waters .
shallan was soon eating contentedly - with grace , as a woman should , safehand in her lap , using her freehand and a skewer to spear chunks of vegetable or fruit .
it is said that everyone in marabethia carries a pouch with an overripe fruit just in case they pass a proclaimer with whom they disagree . ''
it involved some kind of curry powder and a rare shin fruit that he 'd caramelized .
no fruit .
he 'd sprinkled dried fruit over his portion ; geranid was half convinced he 'd joined the ardentia because of his sweet tooth .
a foreigner can take dinner at any residence he calls upon , assuming he is respectful and offers a gift of fruit .
the people are most interested in exotic fruits .
moash said quietly as a passing soldier tossed an overripe pile - vine fruit at the bridgemen .
moash wiped the stringy , red fruit from his face , then sighed and fell back into his stance .
parshendi eyes burned and blackened , and dozens fell dead , adolin collecting corpses around him like ripened fruit falling from a tree .
creating something as complex as strawberry jam , however - a mush made from a fruit i 'd never before tasted or smelled - was well beyond my abilities . ''
she cuts the crusts off his sandwiches , she puts his nursie - school drawings on the fridge with magnets that look like little plastic fruits , she calls him ' bama and that 's a special name to him ( to them ) because his father taught him one drunk saturday afternoon to chant ` ` go wide , go wide , roll you tide , we do n't run and we do n't hide , we 're the ' bama crimson tide ! ''
mrs . shaw gives him a snack she sometimes calls afternoon tea or even high tea , and no matter what it is - cottage cheese and fruit , a sandwich with the crusts cut off , custard and cake , leftover canapes from a cocktail party the night before - she sings the same little song when she lays it out : ` ` a little snack that 's far and wee , there 's some for you and some for me , blackberry jam and blackberry tea . ''
he 's passing out bags of gummy fruit snacks and juice boxes .
canned meat , canned peas , canned fruit .
i have to know what the truth is , and you ca n't get to the tasty fruit without stripping off the outer layer .
speaking of fruit , i ' m down - i mean , he 's down - to his underwear .
she also hungered for fresh fruits of all kinds , and nuts and grains .
vendors crowded the station entrances , selling tubes of suntan lotion , sodas , dried fruits .
every day torvin and david risked their lives to give a bit of stale cake or a rind of dried fruit to a hungry one without a card .
he worked beside torvin , they were friends , yet he could not trade him a cake for a dried fruit .
he had to have a marker on his card for the fruit , and torvin would have to punch it out , and then he could have it .
` ` we are better off to keep quiet , dry our allowance of fruit , bake our allowance of cakes and be thankful that our families have something to eat . ''
in his wine - tinted reverie flattery saw the two of them naked in a great garden , heady with the scent of orchids and ripe fruit .
flattery strolled to a plot of young trees , carefully planted in rows , in various stages of bloom and fruit production .
he picked each man a fruit .
nor could he bear watching zentz make a slobber of his magnificent fruit .
` ` you have n't tried your apple , '' flattery said , nodding to the bright yellow fruit in nevi 's palm .
today , now , she saw two things : she saw rico in a green singlesuit , and that suit was the fruit on a great vine of kelp .
note how the mold wins the fruit by its appearance alone . ''
then he strolled inside to the hostess and her guests , passing the long table set with an array of the most beautiful fruits and seafoods that stella had ever seen .
the terraces were cultivated , and thick fruit vines carpeted the walls .
i was the ' poor fruit ' of that diversion , as some might say . ''
the greens would not provide enough fresh fruit for everyone , but he and a select cadre could be quite happy there indefinitely .
how strange such an environment must be for a dosadi - no threats , fruit which could be picked and eaten without a thought of poisons .
` ` got some bad fruit up at garden glenn .
roland imagined he was in the desert again , somewhere between the last out - lander 's hut ( the musical fruit the more you eat the more you toot ) and the way - station where the boy ( your isaac ) had awaited his coming .
we need fruit .
o'mearah expected the guy to sound like a fruit - probably as fruity as his routine about the lavender handcuffths had suggested , but a pouf all the same .
the painting grew like something alive , leaves springing from branches , bunches of fruit exploding in succulent bursts .
up through the middle , like the core of the fruit , stretched a white column supporting a triangular platform at the globe 's center .
for a fruit or vegetable hawker , a ` ` polite street '' was not easily come by , and they were all a close - mouthed lot .
granola bars - the kind with fruit filling .
it can not be a fruit of the human tree .
it spread over his face like a mashed fruit , the tip touched his upper lip whenever he pursed his mouth in thought .
rich brown fruit in the cake sweetened his tongue .
` ` or if you 're a fruit , '' mcvries put in .
` ` we 're walking on the lord , and back there the flies are crawling on the lord , in fact the flies are also the lord , so blessed be the fruit of thy womb percy .
first the goddam puddy - tat detective , and now a neighborhood where fruit cocktail is probably considered a delicacy .
beside it , thumbtacked to the wall , was a faded daguerreotype which showed a hanged man dangling like a piece of rotten fruit from a dead tree .
they are as fruit fallen on the floor of the orchard .
for you know this thing will follow me to the ends of the earth ' but there came no answer , and i thought that i had imagined his voice when i heard it before and all the while i knew the spirit might take on his voice , if i thought too long and too hard on roemer , and that would drive me mad , madder than i already was the peace continued the sky was growing light i heard carts upon the road behind me , and saw that the fields were coming alive to the right and the left indeed , coming to the top of a rise i saw the colonial city below me , and i breathed a great sigh now one of these carts approached , a small rickety wooden cart , laden with fruit and vegetables for market , and driven by two pale - skinned mulattoes , and they did stop and stare at me , at which point i said on my best french that i needed their help and god would bless them if they gave it to me and then remembering that i had money , or had had , i went into my pockets for it , and gave them several livres which they took with gratitude , and i climbed upon the tail of the cart i lay back against a great heap of vegetables and fruits , and went to sleeping , and the cart rocked me and knocked me about , but it was as if i were in the most luxurious coach then as a dream overcame me , as i imagined i was back in amsterdam , i felt a hand touch mine a gentle hand it patted my left hand and i lifted my right to touch it in the same gentle manner , and opening my eyes , and rolling my head to my left , i beheld the burnt and blackened body of deborah peering at me , bald and shriveled with only her blue eyes alive , and the teeth grinning at me from behind her burnt lips i screamed so loud i frightened the drivers of the cart and the horse but no matter , i had fallen off onto the road their horse ran away , and they could not stop it , and they were soon gone way ahead , and over the rise i sat cross - legged , crying , ' you damnable spirit ' what is it you want of me ' tell me ' why do you not kill me ' surely you have it in your power if you can do such things '' no voice answered me but i knew that he was there looking up , i saw him , and in no horrible guise now merely the dark - haired one again , in the leather jerkin , the handsome man i had seen twice before very solid he appeared , so that even the sunlight fell on him , as he sat idly on the fence at the edge of the road he peered down at me , thoughtfully , it would seem , for his face was all blank and i found myself staring at him , studying him as if he were nothing to fear and i perceived something now which was most important for me to understand the burnt body of deborah , it had been illusion1 from within my mind , he had taken this image and made it bloom my double , that too had been illusion ' it was as perfect as my reflection in a mirror and the other demon follower whom i fought - his weight had been an illusion and of course the corpses had been real , and they were corpses and nothing more but this was no illusion , the man sitting on the fence it was a body which this thing had made ' aye , ' he said to me , and again his lips did not move and i understand why for he could not yet make them move ' but i shall , ' he said ' i shall ' i continued to peer at him perhaps in my exhaustion , i had lost my wits but i knew no fear and as the morning sun grew brighter , i saw it shine through him1 i saw the particles of which he was made swirling in it , like so much dust ' dust thou art , ' i whispered , thinking of the biblical phrase but he had at that very instant begun to dissolve he went pale and then was nothing , and the sun rose over the field , more beautiful than any morning sun that i have ever seen had charlotte waked7 did charlotte stay his hand7 i can not answer i may never know i reached my lodgings here less than an hour later , after meeting with the agent and speaking again to the innkeeper , as i related to you before and now it is long past midnight by my good watch , which i set by the clock in the inn at noon today and the fiend has not left the room for some time for over an hour , he has come and gone in his manly shape , watching me he sits in one corner and then in another , once i spied him in the looking glass peering out at me stefan , how does the spirit do such things ?
for you know this thing will follow me to the ends of the earth ' but there came no answer , and i thought that i had imagined his voice when i heard it before and all the while i knew the spirit might take on his voice , if i thought too long and too hard on roemer , and that would drive me mad , madder than i already was the peace continued the sky was growing light i heard carts upon the road behind me , and saw that the fields were coming alive to the right and the left indeed , coming to the top of a rise i saw the colonial city below me , and i breathed a great sigh now one of these carts approached , a small rickety wooden cart , laden with fruit and vegetables for market , and driven by two pale - skinned mulattoes , and they did stop and stare at me , at which point i said on my best french that i needed their help and god would bless them if they gave it to me and then remembering that i had money , or had had , i went into my pockets for it , and gave them several livres which they took with gratitude , and i climbed upon the tail of the cart i lay back against a great heap of vegetables and fruits , and went to sleeping , and the cart rocked me and knocked me about , but it was as if i were in the most luxurious coach then as a dream overcame me , as i imagined i was back in amsterdam , i felt a hand touch mine a gentle hand it patted my left hand and i lifted my right to touch it in the same gentle manner , and opening my eyes , and rolling my head to my left , i beheld the burnt and blackened body of deborah peering at me , bald and shriveled with only her blue eyes alive , and the teeth grinning at me from behind her burnt lips i screamed so loud i frightened the drivers of the cart and the horse but no matter , i had fallen off onto the road their horse ran away , and they could not stop it , and they were soon gone way ahead , and over the rise i sat cross - legged , crying , ' you damnable spirit ' what is it you want of me ' tell me ' why do you not kill me ' surely you have it in your power if you can do such things '' no voice answered me but i knew that he was there looking up , i saw him , and in no horrible guise now merely the dark - haired one again , in the leather jerkin , the handsome man i had seen twice before very solid he appeared , so that even the sunlight fell on him , as he sat idly on the fence at the edge of the road he peered down at me , thoughtfully , it would seem , for his face was all blank and i found myself staring at him , studying him as if he were nothing to fear and i perceived something now which was most important for me to understand the burnt body of deborah , it had been illusion1 from within my mind , he had taken this image and made it bloom my double , that too had been illusion ' it was as perfect as my reflection in a mirror and the other demon follower whom i fought - his weight had been an illusion and of course the corpses had been real , and they were corpses and nothing more but this was no illusion , the man sitting on the fence it was a body which this thing had made ' aye , ' he said to me , and again his lips did not move and i understand why for he could not yet make them move ' but i shall , ' he said ' i shall ' i continued to peer at him perhaps in my exhaustion , i had lost my wits but i knew no fear and as the morning sun grew brighter , i saw it shine through him1 i saw the particles of which he was made swirling in it , like so much dust ' dust thou art , ' i whispered , thinking of the biblical phrase but he had at that very instant begun to dissolve he went pale and then was nothing , and the sun rose over the field , more beautiful than any morning sun that i have ever seen had charlotte waked7 did charlotte stay his hand7 i can not answer i may never know i reached my lodgings here less than an hour later , after meeting with the agent and speaking again to the innkeeper , as i related to you before and now it is long past midnight by my good watch , which i set by the clock in the inn at noon today and the fiend has not left the room for some time for over an hour , he has come and gone in his manly shape , watching me he sits in one corner and then in another , once i spied him in the looking glass peering out at me stefan , how does the spirit do such things ?
pushing julien out of the way , and mary beth , and then rowan , and groping for the fallen head , squashed fruit on the floor , breaking apart like a melon .
i sent a big basket of fruit to his wife . ''
and the intestines are strung fruit covered with a batter of egg and ale , and then honey . ''
they emerged in an orchard , the fruit trees in neat rows , the spring leaves a bright green .
imagine the scent of stale body odor mixed with mildew , the sound of nails screeching across a chalkboard , the taste of rotten milk , and the flavor of spoiled fruit .
i went to the first footlocker and opened it , took out a boxed fruit drink , and passed it to him .
but it was n't too bad , because there were other , more pleasant smells in here : coffee , chocolate , molasses , dried fruit , and - maybe - brown sugar .
it paused on a branch weighted down with unpicked fruit and stared at the two - legs intruder below , its eyes bright , its tail bushed out .
' it means i like the police , ' deanna said , and munched on her fruit roll - up .
deanna held out her fruit roll - up .
only to do it , we have to take care of ourselves first , and that 's why a good deal of fresh fruit and veg from food city was stored in the town clerks office two days ago .
most of the fruit had fallen to the ground , shaken free by the wind that had sucked through the orchard after the explosion .
llarimar nodded , rising and shooing back the servants - though , of course , they remained in the room , hovering with their plates of nuts , wine , and fruit , should any of it be wanted .
` ` fledgling fruit , '' he said , giving up one of the command phrases that would let others control the city 's lifeless .
full couches and cushions , fruits and wines , even a few men with fans to keep her cool .
she turned to the fruit course , acting characteristically lascivious as she sucked on pieces of pineapple .
` ` my contacts do not think that these things are simple ' paranoia , ' '' blushweaver said as the fruit dishes were removed .
she moved these , along with a dish that did n't appear to have any fish in it - a bowl of exotic fruits tossed in some kind of creamy sauce - to the cloth .
she put aside the fruit dish and fetched several pastries from the table .
i would have trouble becoming a true hallandren , she decided , sipping her fruit juice .
the variety , and flavor , of the numerous hallandren fruits was almost as remarkable as the oddity of its sea life .
` ` one could also say that my feet smell like guava fruit , '' he said .
` ` transmitted by fruits and drug addicts ? ''
` ` yes , but calling gays fruits is n't the done thing in my when , '' eddie said .
the witch looked up , and susan hastily moved her eyes to a comer of the room , where a net containing three or four strange white fruits hung from a hook .
then , as the old woman moved and her huge shadow danced ponderously away from that part of the wall , susan saw they were not fruits at air , but skulls .
roland was far from the relentless creature he would eventually become , but the seeds of that relentlessness were there - small , stony things that would , in their time , grow into trees with deep roots ... and bitter fruit .
alain pulled up , grimacing like a man who has bitten into a fruit of extravagant sourness .
he was sipping the inside of an imported rhum fruit , and smiling , i think at the effect that he had created .
the kitchen filled - almost imperceptibly , magically - with the smell of summer fruit , of raspberries and peaches and strawberries and red currants .
mrs . whitaker put the ruby fruit down on her kitchen table .
` ` we have eaten vulture , mole , and fruit bat . ''
` ` you have , mandy old fruit .
he 'd buy her pretty dresses , and bring home baskets of fruit or candy , and for a few years there before the toddlers went off to kindergarten , she 'd been an evening drunk more than anything else , and had even scrubbed herself and her children well enough to take them all to mass on sundays .
let us divide between us the fruit of our wicked fall , and our great good fortune that these beautiful girls have life . ''
we were sitting among the potted fruit trees and the lavender geraniums and she was the fairest flower of the lot .
he loves the fruit trees that you see blooming here .
some guests were already seated including a company in rich robes and caps , their faces toward the great open space beyond the tables where any number of male servants were coming and going with wineskins , trays of goblets , and platters of what appeared to be gilded fruit .
bread , fruit , wine , all should be furnished , as he had a story to tell .
he was resolutely playing something that in bygone years would have been a fruit machine , but now had a video screen , and advertised itself as trivia scrabble .
he unfolded it ( while the bentley 's gearstick shifted itself down to third and the car accelerated around a fruit lorry , which had unexpectedly backed out of aside street ) , and then he read it again .
like : why make people inquisitive , and then put some forbidden fruit where they can see it with a big neon finger flashing on and off saying ' this is it ! ' ? ''
beyond it stretched open fields , and wonderful muddy ditches , and unripe fruit , and irate but slowof .. foot owners of fruit trees , and circuses , and streams to dam , and walls and trees just made for climbing ...
beyond it stretched open fields , and wonderful muddy ditches , and unripe fruit , and irate but slowof .. foot owners of fruit trees , and circuses , and streams to dam , and walls and trees just made for climbing ...
parental retribution was now a certainty , thought adam , as he bolted , his dog by his side , his pockets stuffed with stolen fruit .
he could n't see why people made such a fuss about people eating their silly old fruit anyway , but life would be a lot less fun if they did n't .
he went into the kitchen , took some fruit from the bowl , put that into the bag .
the girl , who , he realized , had already managed to eat most of the fruit that richard had brought with him , swallowed the last of the banana and hesitated .
now i ' ve got no fiancee , no home , no job , and i ' m walking around a couple of hundred feet under the streets of london with the projected life expectancy of a suicidal fruit fly .
a ratcheting whirr came from deep in the guts of the machine , and it began to spit out dozens of cadbury 's fruit and nut chocolate bars , one after another .
richard was handed a bar of cadbury 's fruit and nut chocolate and a large silver goblet , ornamented around the rim with what appeared to richard to be sapphires .
we stopped at the shop and got fruit and coca - cola and potato sticks , and they went into the box and it went into the back of the car and we went into the car and mum and dad and my baby sister , we are on our way !
my twenty - fifth year came , and my stepdaughter had eaten the poisoned fruit two winters back , when the prince came to my palace .
when he brought the glass away , the fruit hung down in front of his mouth .
i was thirsty - my throat felt not just sore , but singed , as if i had inhaled smoke recently , and i began to reach for the offered fruit , almost reflexively , but then drew my hand back for i knew the lessons of at least one book .
` ` you will never taste a sweeter fruit .
it was met with some confusion and a great deal of delay ; when the beef was at last delivered two hours later , it was presented in the form of a false cow , the meat having been roasted , stuffed with grains and dried fruit , tied up with string , put into a wrapping of dough , and propped up on legs made of sticks ; the head was a separate lump of meat , adorned with horns made of bread .
he would have told her that the moon was just some kind of unusual tropical fruit if it would have calmed her down , and meant it , as best he could .
but all the people they just jeered at him , and they laughed at him , and they mocked him , and when they saw that he was serious and he was n't going anywhere , they pelted him with rotten fruit until he ran away .
wax fruit sat in the bowls on the antique sideboards and was dusted twice a week .
fat charlie spat out the lump of wax into his hand and thought about pretending that he liked wax fruit , or that he 'd known all along and had just done it to be funny ; however , rosie 's mother had raised an eyebrow , walked over , taken the remains of the apple from him , explained shortly just how much real wax fruit cost these days , if you could find it , and then dropped the apple into the bin .
fat charlie spat out the lump of wax into his hand and thought about pretending that he liked wax fruit , or that he 'd known all along and had just done it to be funny ; however , rosie 's mother had raised an eyebrow , walked over , taken the remains of the apple from him , explained shortly just how much real wax fruit cost these days , if you could find it , and then dropped the apple into the bin .
he sat on the sofa for the rest of the afternoon with his mouth tasting like the inside of a candle , while rosie 's mother stared at him to ensure that he did not try to take another bite out of her precious wax fruit or attempt to gnaw on the leg of a chippendale chair .
rosie 's mother gestured to the apartment , a gesture that took in the wax fruit , the antique furniture , the paintings on the walls , and pursed her lips .
` ` i wo n't live forever , '' sniffed her mother , in a way that implied that she had every intention of living forever , getting harder and thinner and more stonelike as she went , and eating less and less , until she would be able to live on nothing more than air and wax fruit and spite .
he would kiss them as he walked , indiscriminately , like a man taking a bite from first one summer fruit , then another .
do n't say wax fruit .
` ` wax fruit ? ''
i mean , if they were some previously unknown blue fruit , would they have been called blues ?
` ` i really have n't got any fruit , '' said fat charlie .
he ate my wax fruit .
maybe he really likes citrus fruit . ''
your teeth can eat meat , if it has been made soft and tasteless by the fire , for you have little monkey teeth , good for chewing soft fruit and crawling bugs ; but i have teeth that rend and tear the living flesh from the bones , and i can swallow it while the lifeblood still fountains into the sky . ''
mrs . noah has a flat in williamstown , near spider and rosie 's house , and twice a week one of callyanne higgler 's many nieces looks in on her , does the vacuuming , dusts the glass fruit ( the wax fruit melted in the island heat ) , and makes a little food and leaves it in the fridge , and sometimes rosie 's mum eats it and sometimes she does n't .
mrs . noah has a flat in williamstown , near spider and rosie 's house , and twice a week one of callyanne higgler 's many nieces looks in on her , does the vacuuming , dusts the glass fruit ( the wax fruit melted in the island heat ) , and makes a little food and leaves it in the fridge , and sometimes rosie 's mum eats it and sometimes she does n't .
fresh fruit and warm nuts , baked breads , syn - chicken , and rice .
cut down in the fields by his brother 's tribe , for greed of the fruit of our lands .
it was the same cave , but now the rock columns sprouted fruit - laden branches .
frowning , he picked up the package of juicy fruit and shoved it into the side compartment of his bag .
he walked among the fruit - laden trees , red pulpy gourds drooping obscenely .
trunks of rock , bearing red bulbous fruit , surrounded him .
it was the thick growth that wrapped around the columns , sprouting white limbs laden with a pulpy red fruit , hanging like japanese lamps .
ashley stopped , reaching up to one of the red fruits .
` ` look , the red paint is the same color as those weird fruits .
he still sat in the same cavern , the ring of columns and pulpy fruit surrounding him .
a female member of the tribe bowed her way into her chamber , laden with clattering platters of colorful fruit and some type of steaming meat .
` ` now the fruit thinks he 's dorothy . ''
they passed groves of fruit and avocado trees being harvested and pruned .
overhead , a pair of fruit bats swept past .
throngs of robed and cloaked figures , some with elaborate headdresses of feathers and jewels , others bearing platters laden with fruits , or leading sheep and pigs on leather tethers .
what with the wealth of the forest readily available - from various fruits and berries to roots and edible plants to abundant game and fish - there was little need to haul additional food .
his slender body had been painted with a mix of ash and meh - nu fruit , staining his skin in a complex pattern of blues and blacks , turning him into a living shadow .
he pointed his flashlight toward a passion fruit tree and pulled down one of the lower branches .
` ` the past two mornings , when i ' ve gone off to gather fruit for the day 's journey , i noticed some places that i 'd walked the night before had been disturbed .
broken branches , a hogplum tree half empty of its fruit . ''
the fruit of certain trees had to be consumed by a specific bird or animal and pass through its digestive tract before it could root and grow .
the rest of the group dispersed to string up hammocks , gather wood , and scrounge up some local fruits .
just some picked fruit and bushes disturbed during the night .
a large enough cloud of locusts can strip leaf , vegetable , and fruit from a spot in mere minutes . ''
nate remembered his thirst and took one of the moist fruits , biting deep into it , juice dribbling down his chin .
kelly recognized it as one of the fruits that grew in clusters along the branches of the yagga .
there was also more fruit , some type of egg , even what looked like a pie .
they would eat the fruit of the tree and shine anew , refreshed to take their place again in the circle of yagga 's children .
the humans must eat from the fruit on a regular basis to keep the mutating prions in check .
without the fruit , the prion reverts to its virulent form and attacks the immune system , triggering deadly fevers or riotous cancers . ''
an instruction manual , so to speak : consume the fruit of the tree and you will stay healthy .
deep in the root pack , wrapped and entwined like a fly in a spider 's webbing , was a large fruit bat .
a tree whose fruit has all the knowledge in the world , but whose consumption curses those who eat of it .
the ` ` antiprion '' compound in the fruit , a type of alkaloid , was found to be easy to replicate and manufacture .
she settled for a small knife used to carve the fresh fruit placed in their cabin each morning .
omaha reached the edge of the souk and bounced aside a woman bearing a basket full of bread and fruit .
` ` it 's only fruit salad with cream . ''
why buy the cow and all that ... plus his tastes leaned toward unripened fruit .
salted meat and fruit were also depleted .
hotels and hostels had multiplied in a continual creep out from the river 's east and west banks , along with restaurants , bars , internet cafes , travel agents , fruit and spice stands , and myriad markets selling cambodian carved curios , filigreed silver , postcards , tshirts , and trinkets .
an ox - driven cart laden with spiky - skinned durian fruit ambled down the road toward the old market , while a manservant in a pressed white jacket slowly swept the hotel 's porch .
but this once used to be a bustling metropolis , with markets selling fish and rice , fruit and spices , with homes crowded with pigs and chickens .
ahead , a small line of roadside stands proffered fruits in all their variety : mangoes , jackfruit , tamarind , chinese dates , even small softball - size watermelons .
i do n't want anything that has fruit in it .
unless you call an olive a fruit ... '' gray tuned out his partner as he headed over to wallace 's table .
gray frowned down at the fist - sized fruit .
` ` a few years back , some apples from that tree were taken to the national fruit collection in kent .
` ` and bees pollinate fruit trees , '' monk said , beginning to understand .
` ` not just fruit trees , '' creed interjected , next to him on the sofa .
lose the bees , you lose much more than just fruit . ''
gray stopped at a fruit stand , studying the exotic fare while searching the street behind them .
the tree of life , which bore the fruit of immortality .
this branch of the gant clan is to be pruned away , including all the fruit born from it .
moving deeper into the market , they passed along a long counter supporting boxes of locally grown fruits and vegetables .
the chinese symbol for man combined with the character for fruit became the sign for naked .
' ... she took of its fruit and ate , and she also gave some to her husband who was with her , and he ate .
` ` so , '' holden said around a mouthful of fruit , ` ` are they really going to sue me over this ? ''
a flash of light , and the door had made itself whole , thermite charges clinging to it like fruit until a soldier in a martian uniform rushed forward to collect them safely .
within the next ten or fifteen years , we 're going to start seeing the applications of what we ' ve learned from watching the protomolecule , and it will- '' ` ` fruit .
the window was so narrow it had been like throwing a dart from a half klick away and pinning a fruit fly 's wing with it .
the fruit was part of the first harvest to come off of ganymede since the troubles there .
he sat stiff - backed across the table from his host , a breakfast spread between them : a kaleidoscope of colorful fruits , dark breads , and hot platters of eggs and lentils .
the voices of street vendors called out in a dozen different languages , offering everything from fresh - picked fruit to computer hardware to weapons .
in almost every backyard , he saw a vibrant garden , bursting not only with flowers but vegetables and fruit .
on the next street down , he walks alongside an entire block devoted to a community garden , several dozen people hard at work , filling large baskets with fruit and vegetables .
it was harvest time in the community gardens , the end of the season , and the burkes ' fridge was loaded down with their share of fresh veggies and fruit .
a woven basket dangled from one arm , bulging with vegetables and fruit .
kate : ` ` you 're always bringing the loveliest fruits and veggies to us .
the fruit and veggies in the refrigerator were almost certainly the last fresh things they would eat for months to come .
he set down a plate of fresh fruit - certainly the last of it - from the gardens .
no fruit , no vegetables .
the dismal cave smelled more rancid than ever , like a nauseating feast of spoiled meat and fruit .
in the end , bad trees tend to give bad fruit . ''
as kendra knelt beside the spring , a sudden gust of wind disturbed the still air , bringing rich smells of freshly turned earth , ripe fruit , damp bark , and a hint of the sea .
the sphinx selected a piece of fruit and took a bite .
he munched thoughtfully on his fruit .
it is n't much different from back when i was just a fruit .
` ` the fruit smells are unbearably tempting , '' warren said .
` ` i 'll take fruit over trolls or a chimera , '' bracken voted .
no matter what happens while we are under those trees , no matter what cravings strike us , no matter what desperate urges arise , no matter what argument we make with ourselves , we will sample no fruit . ''
` ` what if the fruit overpowers our common sense ? ''
` ` i have to believe our wills are stronger than the allure of some fruit , '' bracken said .
` ` promise me that you will not sample the fruit , '' bracken said .
she worried that the attraction of the fruit might attack emotion more than intellect .
as they passed beneath the trees , the plump fruit came into view .
different from the leaves , the fruit tended to exhibit opalescent blends of color , smooth skin shimmering like mother - of - pearl .
other fruit possessed the rich shades of fine jewels : sapphire blues , emerald greens , and ruby reds .
kendra found herself fascinated , unable to help speculating what such beautiful fruit might taste like .
but it was not until the scents of the beckoning grove began to trickle past her clogged nostrils that kendra felt a dangerous pull from the fruit .
the fragrance awakened hunger like she had never known , a desperate starvation that she instinctively knew could be quickly cured by the fat fruit dangling within reach .
with the hunger came a profound thirst , along with a certainty that the juices inside the fruit would satisfy the need as no thirst had been quenched before .
with her breath held , the call of the fruit became less immediate .
she tried to envision a bite of fruit blasting her to pieces , but her body would not believe the image .
she had promised herself , and her friends , that she would pass through the grove without trying the fruit .
even with the best intentions , to smell the fruit might lead to tasting the fruit .
even with the best intentions , to smell the fruit might lead to tasting the fruit .
` ` i felt the draw of the fruit .
all i knew was that i needed that fruit at all cost ! ''
a breeze stirred the still air , and kendra smelled citrus fruit , sand , sap , jasmine , and honeysuckle .
the fairies had once again provided them with an abundance of nuts and fruit .
at this point , it would consist mostly of jerky , nuts , crackers , and dried fruit .
chapter 29 prisoners i bet you thought you 'd never have to pay up , '' newel said , munching on a piece of fruit .
` ` on fruit ?
edible fruit .
` ` rex had me feeling cactus fruit .
i was originally a fruit .
` ` we 're amazing fruit .
` ` remarkable fruit , the stingbulb .
the tree does not bear many fruit in a year .
` ` a species of magical fruit that can extract a sample of living tissue and then grow into an imitation of that organism , '' vanessa explained .
` ` you think i ' m some kind of talking fruit ? ''
` ` i ' ve never been a big fan of rotten fruit , '' vanessa commented calmly .
instead of pulling away , she closed her fingers around the fruit and removed it from the pouch .
she was no expert , but the fruit seemed authentic .
she placed the fruit by the wall near the window and returned to the knapsack .
kendra glanced at the fruit .
fingers had broken through the purplish husk of the fruit and were peeling it away .
kendra crawled over to the oversized fruit and helped widen the hole as quietly as she could manage .
` ` you know you 're a fruit , '' kendra said .
` ` can you remember being a fruit ? ''
the husk from the overgrown fruit was gone .
the centaurs hauled them through an extensive vineyard and a sweet - smelling orchard populated by diverse fruit trees .
she also spotted female centaurs in the midst of the trees , effortlessly balancing huge baskets laden with fruit .
the second was the smell , sweet and disgusting , like spoiled fruit .
the troll tossed the fruit over his shoulder and deftly caught it behind his back .
some of the satyrs cultivate tropical fruit . ''
the fruit was a little too wide to fit perfectly .
mara built a campfire and they ate well from the plentiful stores in the knapsack -- tinfoil dinners of salty beef and vegetables , complemented by dried fruit and applesauce .
she drank two boxes of fruit punch through tiny straws .
they completed another meticulous lap around the mesa before hunkering down in the shade and eating the dried fruit and jerky neil had brought for dinner .
seth asked , pointing to a lower hill not far away , brilliant with flowers and blossoming shrubs and fruit trees .
the air smelled of blossoms and fruit .
after he had gathered fruit for her on the small hill that covered the287 forgotten chapel , the puppet had carried her piggyback towarren 's cottage as dawn began to streak the sky .
paths of white stones meandered among flower beds , hedgerows , vegetable gardens , fruit trees , and flowering plants .
seth paused at the white steps leading up to the gazebo to pluck a piece of fruit from an espalier .
the pantry contained canned fruits and vegetables , unbroken jars of preserves , bread , oatmeal , cream of wheat , crackers , tuna , and lots of other stuff .
then we could add some of lena 's jam and make it fruit - at - the - bottom .
wildflowers and fruit trees began sprouting throughout the clearing and on the hill , coming to full bloom in a matter of seconds .
when the singing finally ceased , a cheery hill covered by a fragrant array of brilliant blossoms and mature fruit trees had replaced the forgotten chapel .
she tasted honey and fruit and berries , all sweet beyond comparison .
he slid across the floor , then moved up the box beside her to the bowl of small green fruits .
here , he moved across them , each fruit 's rind puckering and rising with the shape of his pattern .
nearby , standing on a ridge above the eye to rysn 's right , people pushed large bundles of fruit off the side .
mandibles moved slowly , pulling the fruit in , jerking the ropes .
the reshi pulled those back up to affix more fruit , all under the eyes of the king , who was supervising the feeding from the very tip of the nose to rysn 's left .
these small bundles of fruit , of course , do not sustain our god . ''
she felt a furious blush consume her as she walked past the men and women preparing more bundles of fruit .
one of the ropes shook from having its fruit gift consumed .
the rope bit into the skin of her arms , and it vibrated as the creature below crunched on the fruit upon its end .
a number of parshmen kept the tables filled with wine , nuts , and fresh and dried fruit .
she did stop at the cart of a woman selling glazed fruit , however .
a stick of candied fruit was a single clearchip .
` ` thank you , '' shallan said , plucking out one of the sticks of candied fruit .
shallan hurried along with the flow , safehand securely gripping the sphere pouch in her coat pocket , freehand carrying the stick of fruit .
was the fruit vendor trying to direct shallan into a trap where she could be robbed easily ?
she started forward , digging into the fruit .
shallan tossed aside her fruit stick as she stepped up to the tenement building .
tana'kai went to gods of the trees and said , ' give to us your fruit in bounty , that we may eat and live upon the mountains . '
grass and fruit to give life were had of promise of gods of trees .
a group of parshman servants quietly brought wine and fruit .
` ` feasting , '' sadeas said , then shoved a piece of fruit into his mouth .
he started to reply , but then thought a moment , and finally just stuffed another chunk of fruit in his mouth .
` ` for the past five years , i have eaten only a bowl of boiled tallew for each meal , with a piece of fruit on special occasions .
pai eyed the piles of rotting fruit , the sacks of open grain , now ruined in the rain .
he sat with palona beside the table , eating fruit and smiling pleasantly .
` ` i started them inside , '' she said , lifting one of the plump , green fruits .
as she ate , a plate of dried meats was passed to her - she did not ask from what animal - and then a bowl filled with a juicy orange fruit and sweet , green - tinted nuts that were full of so many more flavors than the protein - nuts sybil had often brought for her .
jina took a few slices of the sticky sweet fruit and added it to the top of her curry .
leaving the market lanes behind , they passed through a worn gate into a courtyard garden , filled with more palms and a tree with big yellow fruits hanging from its branches .
men and women loitered around the bar and card tables , snacking on bowls of dried fruits .
thirty - six they stopped again that night and cress was given some bread , dried fruit , and water .
in as calm a voice as i could manage , aware of the importance of that moment , i read from the beginning , aloud : ` ` where lies the strangling fruit that came from the hand of the sinner i shall bring forth the seeds of the dead to share with the worms that ... '' then the darkness took it .
where lies the strangling fruit became bathed in shadow and in light , as if a battle raged for its meaning .
so i stepped closer , peered at where lies the strangling fruit .
* * * where lies the strangling fruit that came from the hand of the sinner i shall bring forth the seeds of the dead to share with the worms that ...
while the main scrawl continued , and continued to unnerve : ... in the black water with the sun shining at midnight , those fruit shall come ripe and in the darkness of that which is golden shall split open to reveal the revelation of the fatal softness in the earth ... those words defeated me somehow .
where lies the strangling fruit that came from the hand of the sinner ... wasps and birds and other nest - builders often used some core , irreplaceable substance or material to create their structures but would also incorporate whatever they could find in their immediate environment .
... in the black water with the sun shining at midnight , those fruit shall come ripe ... then i found , after several banal or incomprehensible samples , a journal that was n't the same type as my own .
but i found what i was looking for in more journals than i would have expected , and usually it was that beginning phrase : where lies the strangling fruit that came from the hand of the sinner i shall bring forth the seeds of the dead to share with the worms ... often it appeared as a scrawled margin note or in other ways disconnected from the text around it .
it was devoted to transcribing the words on the wall of the tower , was filled with so many new passages : ... but whether it decays under the earth or above on green fields , or out to sea or in the very air , all shall come to revelation , and to revel , in the knowledge of the strangling fruit and the hand of the sinner shall rejoice , for there is no sin in shadow or in light that the seeds of the dead can not forgive ...
another phrase i had seen copied in her journal came to mind : there shall be a fire that knows your name , and in the presence of the strangling fruit , its dark flame shall acquire every part of you .
where lies the strangling fruit that came from the hand of the sinner i shall bring forth the seeds of the dead ...
there shall be a fire that knows your name , and in the presence of the strangling fruit , its dark flame shall acquire every part of you .
the rotten fruit .
odd fruit .
as they ate hard , stale bread and molding fruit .
we 'd sit on the steps leading into the courtyard at trillian square , eating fruit that sybel had plucked from some trees near the river moth .
and sybel would eat his fruit and sometimes he 'd put his hand on my shoulder and he 'd feel that i was trembling and that i could n't control it , and that touch would become a firmer grip , as if he were steadying me .
no fruit served from the delicious concavities of the lithe bodies of young men and women .
the rains finally let up , and the spring sun seemed warm enough to make traveling pleasant , and so one evening i gathered up the fruits of my pilferage , stowed them in the rude pack i 'd fashioned during the long winter evenings , and sat in my tent listening in almost breathless anticipation as the sounds in the camp of the old people gradually subsided .
the distant voice of prudence told me that my store of food would n't last forever , but it did n't really seem to diminish - perhaps because i glutted myself on berries and other strange fruits .
before my eyes swam the visions of smoking roasts , of fat geese swimming in their own gravy , of heaps of fresh - baked bread and rich , golden butter , of pastries in thick cream , of cheese , and dark brown ale , of fruits and nuts and salt to savor it all .
the grass was bright green , and many of the fruit trees that grew wild there were in bloom .
then , carrying the fruits of my pilferage , i started back for the tree .
i more or less ignored those shrill cries of absolute terror and strutted - that 's the only word for it - over to one of the fruit - trees , selected a winter - shriveled apple on a lower limb , and pecked at the stem until it came free and fell onto the half frozen grass .
we 'd eat chilled fruit my kitchen boy brought us , and we 'd listen as the nightingales sang as if their hearts were breaking .
' that was very clumsy , chacole , ' elysoun drawled , carefully selecting a piece of fruit from the silver platter on the table .
' the fruits and melons here are n't nearly as palatable as those you 'd find in matherion , ' kanzad apologized , ' but the local wines are n't entirely undrinkable . '
he did , however , remember his manners well enough to take a plate of sliced fruit and a glass of milk to xanetia before he sat down to gorge himself .
' it 's fruit juice , sir , ' the young woman with the dark hair assured him earnestly .
` ` bread , cheese , butter , dried fruit , hams .
` ` and then , '' he went on as the gorim 's servants brought in trays of raw fruits and vegetables and a smoking roast hot from the spit , ` ` right about at the same time we captured jarviksholm , someone crept into the nursery in the citadel at riva and took prince geran out of his cradle .
the breakfast of bread , dried fruit , and bacon aunt pol prepared for them was simple , but there was more than enough to satisfy them all .
there were whole platters of eggs , heaps of bacon and sausage , and plate after plate of fruit and rich pastries .
it was covered with enormous blossoms of red , blue , and vivid lavender , and among those blossoms hung rich - looking clusters of shiny purple fruit that seemed almost ready to burst .
one taste of its fruit is instant death , and the touch of its blossoms paralyzes every muscle in the body .
` ` do not think about the fruit , and try not to inhale the fragrance of its flowers too deeply .
` ` there has to be one tree somewhere in the world that 's still bearing fruit , '' the emaciated little man in the imperial bed said exasperatedly .
` ` his majesty has expressed a desire for some fresh fruit , '' morin told ce'nedra and garion .
` ` not just any fruit , morin , '' ran borune wheezed .
they breakfasted on fruits unknown to man , then lounged at their ease on the soft grass as birds carolled to them from the limbs of the sacred grove .
epilogue spring came grudgingly that year , and a sudden late freeze stripped all the fruit trees of their blossoms , obliterating any chance of a crop .
' and maybe some fruit ? '
i would n't swear to it , but i think they use fruit or grain when they want to buy something - so many apples for a yard of wool and that sort of thing .
the bug - people eat everything - vegetables , fruit , meat - animals , trees , and the farmers themselves .
many of his own tools - particularly in his orchard - consisted of long poles with a cross - piece firmly attached so that he could pull the branches of his fruit trees down and pick the fruit without climbing up the tree .
many of his own tools - particularly in his orchard - consisted of long poles with a cross - piece firmly attached so that he could pull the branches of his fruit trees down and pick the fruit without climbing up the tree .
' i ' ve got an extensive orchard , and i use a long pole with a crosspiece tied to the tip to pull down the higher limbs so that i can pick the fruit without climbing up the tree .
the most tempting fruit has bitter juice . ''
` ` the thulls know that there are grolims who can pick the thoughts from a man 's mind as easily as you 'd pick fruit in an orchard .
then the foul and accursed sons of issa struck at all who were the fruit and the seed of the line of riva .
protected by the slope and faintly warmed by the winter sun , the flower that had never existed before swelled with silent , vegetative ecstasy and bore its fruit .
there seems to be some kind of fruit in the bowls . ''
` ` i ' ve never seen fruits exactly like those , '' the little man was saying .
silk 's hand moved almost involuntarily toward the tempting fruit .
` ` it does n't seem to drop any berries or fruit or seeds of any kind , '' durnik observed , examining the ground beneath the spreading branches .
a stone table with low benches on either side sat in the center of the room , and there were a number of bowls containing fruit sitting upon it .
the fruit was tangy and wild - tasting , and the clear liquid in the flasks was fiery and brought an immediate warm glow that radiated out from the stomach .
` ` forgive us our customs , which may seem strange to you , '' the gorim said , noting that barak and hettar in particular approached the meal of fruit with a distinct lack of enthusiasm .
we begin our meals with fruit in remembrance of the years we spent wandering in search of ul .
` ` they tell us that the fruits and grains they bring back with them grow wild in the mountains , but i suspect that they have long since taken up the cultivation of certain fertile valleys .
beyond that there was a house with a terrace where i used to sit with friends in the evening to watch the stars come out while a boy brought us chilled fruit and the nightingales sang as if their hearts were breaking . ''
in time it will bear fruit , and thou wilt gather the fruit and give it freely to any who ask it of thee .
in time it will bear fruit , and thou wilt gather the fruit and give it freely to any who ask it of thee .
fruit trees that seemed to be very old were budding , almost ready to burst into bloom in the warm sun .
the common food of the dryads seemed to consist entirely of fruits , nuts and mushrooms , all prepared without any cooking .
` ` the boy at salmissra 's feet is its fruit .
then he plunged again into a troubled sleep , haunted by a dark figure of a man on a black horse who watched his every movement with a cold animosity and something that hovered very near the edge of fear ; and behind that dark figure he had always known to be there but had never overtly acknowledged , even to aunt pol , the maimed and ugly face he had briefly seen or imagined in the fight with rundorig loomed darkly , like the hideous fruit of an unspeakable evil tree .
and some men say they shall abide against his coming even though it be until the very end of days , for it is phophesied that one day shall maimed torak come against the kingdoms of the west to reclaim the orb which he so dearly purchased , and battle shall be joined between torak and the fruit of the line of riva , and in that battle shall be decided the fate of the world . ''
when you start a garden and nurture the seedlings into strong plants that will bear fruit and feed you ... you become attached .
` ` corn , seeds , nuts , fruit , insects ... you can find a lot of it in the wild .
i leaned over to look in , seeing some bread and fruit inside .
i shoved a piece of fruit in my mouth instead .
we sat around eating our dinner of dried meat and fruits , making plans for the next day , eventually bedding down next to each other again when it was time to sleep .
maybe we 'll be able to find some trees with fruit on them tonight . ''
` ` i do n't mind eating overripe fruit . ''
we can hide the bikes and ourselves pretty easily , and maybe there 'll be some fruit .
i wheeled the bike in deeper , looking up at the trees as we went , hoping to see some fruit .
` ` find some fruit , take naps , make plans .
` ` let 's go deeper in the groves for the fruit , '' said peter .
he stopped and pointed to a tree that had several bright orange fruits almost at the top .
there was one fruit that was hanging low enough that bodo could almost reach it - almost , but not quite .
get on my shoulders and get dat fruit .
let 's get dat skinny guy peter some fruit .
we passed an occasional broken down roadside fruit stand , but saw no signs of life aside from ourselves .
there were lots of vegetables , some fruit , and plenty of meat .
the fruits are so ripe they explode in your mouth - melons , peaches , fireplums , you ' ve never tasted such sweetness .
` ` she should be on a hill somewhere , under a fruit tree , with the sun and clouds above her and the rain to wash her clean . ''
food was brought to her , steaming joints of meat and thick black sausages and dothraki blood pies , and later fruits and sweetgrass stews and delicate pastries from the kitchens of pentos , but she waved it all away .
her supper was a simple meal of fruit and cheese and fry bread , with a jug of honeyed wine to wash it down .
wheat and corn and barley grew high in its fields , and even in highgarden the pumpkins were no larger nor the fruit any sweeter than here .
` ` irri , go to the bazaar and buy fruit and meat .
she brought back a haunch of goat and a basket of fruits and vegetables .
jhiqui roasted the meat with sweetgrass and firepods , basting it with honey as it cooked , and there were melons and pomegranates and plums and some queer eastern fruit dany did not know .
` ` some wanted to smoke us out , but the big one said there was riper fruit upriver , and they made for the mummer 's ford . ''
when she saw what the fruit in her lap had done to her beautiful ivory silk dress , she shrieked again .
` ` can you smell the fruit , ser ?
he climbed down from his chair and waddled to the sideboard , where a wheel of veined white cheese sat surrounded by fruit .
` ` lord mormont 's raven likes fruit and corn . ''
the cooks were serving the meat course : five suckling pigs , skin seared and crackling , a different fruit in every mouth .
and fruit , i think .
her handmaids waited with fruit and wine and water , and jhogo moved close to help ser jorah support her .
schemes are like fruit , they require a certain ripening .
they were small , withered things , yet her people grabbed for them greedily , jostling and pushing at each other , stuffing the fruit into their cheeks and chewing blissfully .
other searchers returned with tales of other fruit trees , hidden behind closed doors in secret gardens .
` ` fruit and water and shade , '' dany said , her cheeks sticky with peach juice .
women harvested fruit from the gardens of the dead .
prices had risen sickeningly high on greens , roots , flour , and fruit , and tyrion did not want to think about what sorts of flesh might be going into the kettles of the pot - shops down in flea bottom .
` ` what avails statecraft against the love of a mother for the sweet fruit of her womb ?
it was his fancy to have the jars made in the shapes of fruits .
very perilous fruits indeed , my lord hand , and , hmmm , riper now than ever , if you take my meaning .
` ` these , ah , fruits of the late king aerys , can they still be used ? ''
` ` our overripe fruits ? ''
there were great joints of aurochs roasted with leeks , venison pies chunky with carrots , bacon , and mushrooms , mutton chops sauced in honey and cloves , savory duck , peppered boar , goose , skewers of pigeon and capon , beef - and - barley stew , cold fruit soup .
` ` i did not come here to eat fruit . ''
sansa covered herself with her hands , staggering every time the fruit pounded her , her hair sticky by the second blow .
` ` only renly could vex me so with a piece of fruit .
a half - moon silvered the leaves of the fruit trees and shone on the surface of the stone bathing pond .
it was stuffed with chopped nuts and fruit and cheese , the crust flaky and still warm from the oven .
should any of these fruits you 're selling me turn out to be filled with anything but wildfire , you 'll be seeing him as well . ''
she burst like an overripe fruit , but no fruit had ever screamed that shattering wooden scream .
she burst like an overripe fruit , but no fruit had ever screamed that shattering wooden scream .
he saw another of the hulks he 'd stuffed full of king aerys 's fickle fruits engulfed by the hungry flames .
the green and yellow panes of the glass gardens were all in shards , the trees and fruits and flowers torn up or left exposed to die .
the corpses hung above their heads , ripening in death like foul fruit .
said littlefinger , who had already swallowed his own fruit , harrenhal .
fortunately , these fruits were plentiful , and there were orphans and castles for all .
cool green light filtered down through the diamond - shaped panes of colored glass set in the sloping triangular walls , and a breeze was blowing gently through the terrace doors , carrying the scents of fruit and flowers from the garden beyond .
he gestured at the spread of cheese , bread , cold meat , and fruit that covered the table .
` ` well done , '' ser jorah told him , and brown ben tossed the eunuch a ripe plum and said , ` ` a sweet fruit for a sweet fight . ''
otherwise she only nibbled at the fruit and fish and honeycakes .
it tasted of oak and fruit and hot summer nights , the flavors blossoming in her mouth like flowers opening to the sun .
some fruit might serve , perhaps .
come the morning , grisel climbed up to the bedchamber to serve the lord and lady a tray of morning bread , with butter , honey , fruit , and cream .
they did not kill , not even animals ; they ate only fruit and never flesh .
one ragged boy darted past the spearmen with a half - rotten pomegranate in one hand , but when he saw areo hotah in his path , with longaxe at the ready , he let the fruit fall unthrown and beat a quick retreat .
for all she knew , this night 's foul fruit had been planted and nurtured in highgarden .
arya stood at the prow , one hand resting on the gilded figurehead , a maiden with a bowl of fruit .
most of the queue waiting to enter duskendale were farm folk with loads of fruits and vegetables to sell .
a fortnight past , a trader had been butchered in the shadow city , a harmless man who 'd come to dorne for fruit and found death instead of dates .
they live on boats , and pole them up and down the greenblood and its vassals , fishing and picking fruit and doing whatever work needs doing . ''
they watered the horses once again , rested for a bit , and had some cheese and fruit .
slobber brings flowers and fruit , and horror 's taken up the lute .
` ` seeds and nuts and dried fruit , oaten porridge , flour , barley bread , three wheels of yellow cheese from the inn by the fool 's gate , salt cod for me , salt mutton for dog ... oh , and salt .
we need only reach out our hand to pluck the ripest fruit in westeros . ''
` ` only a craven would steal a fruit when he could take the orchard . ''
he sniffed at them to see how foul they were , and inhaled the smell of salt and sea and tar , wet canvas and mildew , fruit and fish and blackbelly rum , strange spices and exotic woods , and a heady bouquet of his own dried sweat .
he scrubbed decks and rubbed them smooth with stones , he hauled on anchor chains , he coiled rope and hunted rats , he sewed up torn sails , patched leaks with bubbling hot tar , boned fish and chopped fruit for the cook .
time to squeeze the fruit and taste the juice .
some cold broth and a bit of bread and fruit . ''
the captain waited without whilst the princess bathed and brushed her hair and ate sparingly of the cheese and fruit they 'd brought her .
i had hoped to have four or five quiet years to plant some seeds and allow some fruits to ripen , but now ... it is a good thing that i thrive on chaos .
she has drunk of moon tea , to murder the fruit of her fornications in her womb .
all those watches , and nothing to eat but fruit and fish .
summer islanders loved fruit and fish .
a dozen villages did him homage in bread and salt and cider , offering him fruit from their orchards and vegetables from their gardens .
meereen 's storehouses held ample supplies of grain , oil , olives , dried fruit , and salted meat , but the stores were dwindling .
but the only sound was the wind in the fruit trees , and the only creatures in the gardens were a few pale moths .
xaro perused the fruits on the platter jhiqui offered him and chose a persimmon .
tart fruit and tart women give life its savor . ''
` ` i may be a young girl , but i am not so foolish as to we d a man who finds a fruit platter more enticing than my breast .
if you would savor the sweet taste of the fruit , you must water the tree . ''
it tasted of fruit .
they had cheese and milk from the goats that shared the caves with the singers , even some oats and barleycorn and dried fruit laid by during the long summer .
the thatch and timber had been consumed by fire , in whole or in part , and under the shattered panes of the glass garden the fruits and vegetables that would have fed the castle during the winter were dead and black and frozen .
she took a bite , but the fruit had lost its savor now that daario was gone .
the bidders sat on wooden benches sipping fruit drinks .
when said lord reached inside the helm and drew out a large purple melon dribbling pulp , he wheezed until his face turned the same color as the fruit .
meat alone does not make a meal , though , so there were fruits and grains and vegetables as well .
she would rather have drifted in the fragrant pool all day , eating iced fruit off silver trays and dreaming of a house with a red door , but a queen belongs to her people , not to herself .
the dwarfs were herded off , pig and dog and all , as the spectators hissed their disapproval and pelted them with stones and rotten fruit .
load as much fruit as can be gathered and drive the pigs aboard the ships .
more refuse showered down from windows and balconies : half - rotted fruit , pails of beer , eggs that exploded into sulfurous stink when they cracked open on the ground .
the three dornishmen broke their fast in the predawn chill - a simple meal of fruit and bread and cheese , washed down with goat milk .
while the servant worked , levana eyed the dish of bright - colored fruits : a soft - fuzzed peach set into a halo of black and red berries , all dusted with powdered sugar .
slice her fruit .
you can pick any three cans - no fruits , though . ''
three days of work wo n't earn anyone a can of fruit . ''
she kisses me twice , her mouth soft and liquid , her tongue tasting of vodka and fruit .
i remember watching him peel that orange for me ; he cut one long , efficient line in the fruit 's peel , then removed it all in one piece .
she 's nearsighted , but somehow she 's able to pick out the differences between the fruit vendors and the vegetable vendors , the faces of the various merchants , who has money and who does n't .
as if from nowhere , servants appeared with more pastries , with plates of fruit , with wine .
angels and cherubim surrounded her , helping distribute wine and a cornucopia of fruit .
his majesty 's table groaned with the weight of roast beef and fowl , fruits and pastries .
the scent of fruit and flowers filled her nostrils .
the arbors hung heavy with fruit and sweets tied with gold thread .
he took bread and cheese and meat pastries and fruit from the saddlebag .
servants hurried among the fantastic carriages , offering wine and pastries , fruit and cheese .
` ` two serpents , to remind us of the garden , the fruit of knowledge , and our sins . ''
the bays yawn open , with only a few shriveled husks of unidentifiable fruits and vegetables at the bottom , and as he goes from aisle to aisle , his hopes start to sink a little .
also a lot of survival stuff like hunting and which fruits you can eat and how to follow the moons for direkshuns and how to use a knife and a gun and snakebite remedies and how to calm yer noise as best you can .
ben goes to the pantry and starts throwing dried foods and fruit into a cloth sack , then he goes to the toilet and takes out a small medipak and throws that in , too .
` ` there 's food in yer rucksack to last you for a bit but you should make it stretch as far as you can , eating what fruit you find and anything you can hunt . ''
she rips open one of the packs and throws it to me and i stare at it again till she dips her fingers into her own pack , taking out what must be a piece of dried fruit or something and eating it .
the fruit or whatever are like little shrivelled dots but sweet and chewy and i ' ve finished the whole pack in half a minute before i notice manchee begging .
when he approaches , she jerks back a little like she ca n't help it and drops the fruit on the ground instead .
she sets down her fruit pack and goes into her bag again .
i chew down on a piece of dried fruit and i wonder what it must be like to have no noise , to come from a place with no noise .
i finish the fruit and crumple up the packet .
but she 's backing away from me , dropping her own empty packet of fruit things , her eyes getting wider .
most are scattered working in the orchard , wearing heavy work aprons , all the men in long sleeves , the women in long skirts , cutting down pine - like fruits with machetes or carrying away baskets or working on the irrigashun pipes and so on .
and then i notice that the men in the orchards nearby ai n't picking fruit or whatever any more .
` ` what kind of fruit is that ? ''
i can see men pulling handcarts up to the main front door and another man unloading the baskets of orchard fruit .
francia sighs and says , ` ` viola 's in the orchards , gathering dropped fruits . ''
i say , frantically looking behind the sheaves and the piles of fruit baskets .
i look over at viola , eating outta one of her packets of fruit .
viola crinkles the fruit packet she 's just finished .
and there 's wild fruit and i know some roots we can eat if you boil 'em first . ''
she takes an armful of fruits and breads and puts them in the bag , then another armful of dried meats .
she gets out bread and some orange fruit i ai n't never seen before and then some red - coloured drink that tastes of berries and sugar .
i take a bite of the fruit .
we have no food with us so breakfast is a yellow fruit that viola spies on some trees we pass that she swears she ate in carbonel downs .
inside , it 's mostly cans but we find a dry loaf of bread , some bruised fruit and a few strips of dried meat .
from the time i could stand , i worked with her in our orchards , picking apples and crested pine and roisin fruit . ''
he digs some more , finding bread and more fruit , taking bites of almost everything .
it do n't matter what he yells , tho , he could be screaming types of fruit and the soldiers would still be surging up the lower part of the zigzag road , climbing over where it 's been blown away , hacking and shooting at the spackle scrambling up it before 'em .
` ` i think he's- '' she stops and the half - circle parts once more and another spackle comes thru , his arms full of fruits and fish and a spackle next to him carries a woven - wood table .
they could grind pemmican from the combined fruit and meat .
he lapped it up like fruit punch .
if that 's not forcing the fruit metaphor .
i heard that you generously let adam eat the juicy fruit when god kept him hungry jack said be generous to me sir .
ded moroz poured himself some fruit punch and continued in a complaining tone you always travel comfortably on your flying reindeer sledge .
he finished off his fruit punch and corrected his words with a punch actually they are children of russia .
the caterers rushed to and from the makeshift tents and barbecue ovens to the dining tables , carrying roasted turkeys and plates upon plates of cakes and ale , sacks of fruits and other delicacies .
but jack refused and preferred to try one fruit salad as a starter .
he found so many exotic fruits in it : jackfruit bulbs , longan , lychees , sliced kiwi fruit and others , which tasted juicy and delicious , but jack could nt identify .
he found so many exotic fruits in it : jackfruit bulbs , longan , lychees , sliced kiwi fruit and others , which tasted juicy and delicious , but jack could nt identify .
he hardly touched anything from the mountains of roasted turkey , off - season and exotic fruits , and piles of delicious edibles lying on exquisitely decorated silver and golden plates .
they slipped from snegurochkas hand , and down she fell like a ripe fruit .
there a table in front of them with heaps of grapes , strawberries , apples , cherries and other fruits placed on golden plates .
afterwards there would be the traditional brunch : usually a sausage , egg , and cheese bake , fruit and muffins .
people are needing their fruits and vegetables , yes ?
the round fruit withered like they were being drained of all their moisture , shriveling into dried husks right before colton 's eyes .
it happened only two or three times over the following few months , and usually with something small , like a fresh vegetable or piece of fruit .
he let the energy he had taken from the fruit at the produce stand move into the homeless man - it felt like someone was pulling a strand of yarn from the tip of each finger .
did you think they 'd be serving fruit punch ? ''
colton stared at the red piece of fruit .
he made sure that no one was watching before the fruit withered and died in his palm .
making a snap decision to get the hell out of there , i grab a cinnamon apple fruit bar from the pantry closet and head for the back door .
i eat my fruit bar in my bedroom behind a closed door that does nt block the delicious smell of the pancakes .
the table and the chairs have a distinctively mexican design with colorful fruit and vegetables carved and painted in the wood .
usually we had fruit and oatmeal for breakfast , but when she had been gone a while , shed treat us to a special , not - so - healthy breakfast .
tulu and her older sister taffy are gathering vegetables and fruits for their supper as tasked by their daddy .
after three nuclear wars between the fighting usa and the lost foreign countries of the world along with mother nature plus lots of poor timing , the birmingham rich mountain soil flies off and out into the gulf of mexico waters as the storm rain drowns the vegetables rotten to the core under too abundant flood waters while the too hot intense sunlight kills the native floral and fruit plants .
the west wall misses the set of cherry wooden wall panels , exposing a teens eyeballs , nose holes , and eardrums to the buildings roof tiles , bright warm sunshine , broken white concrete mortars , red clay bricks , an overgrowth of greenery wildflowers , sweet smelling vines of wild fruit plants and colorful garden flowers and sounds of insects and small rodents .
taffy carefully trots under the overstory 93 % crown canopy of the combination of maple tree branches and oak tree leafy foliage which beautifully interlock and block totally the bright hot sunshine then safety dumps her body into an open clearing of low thorny green shrub layers of wild berry fruit consisting of perfectly rounded blueberries , and pretty oval - shaped red and black raspberries which are used for sweet jams , jelly preserves , and other rich flavored food products on mamas buttered homemade biscuits .
taffy eye burns the numerous buzzing and hovering yellow tiny hummingbirds which fly prettily with the colorful pack of butterflies who both suck dry the flashy bell - shaped sweet - scented fragrance fruit nectar of the honeyberries for food .
folks plant rose flowers under windows , at doors , and around dirt spots of their home to defend against pesky wandering critters like opossums and rabbits invading the fresh grown garden vegetables plants and fruit trees .
taffy nosily sips the cool fruit juice from the bottle , satisfying both hunger and thirst from tulus cloth backpack comprising stacks of food refreshments for the teens as she neck snaps her skull to rusk .
outside the skinlike on your finger ( touches her ring finger ) it washes off with any wet substance like water , milk , fruit juice , rain , plant juice and suck .
she canned fruits making her special butter apple jelly and lots of vegetables from the gardens .
every man , woman , and child eats their plate - sized great big helpings of steak , chicken , catfish , hamburgers , fresh vegetables , fresh fruit , fresh baked breads , and desserts , while the older folks talk old and ancient story tales about the land and its people , during suppertime .
maritza blasts breaking my day dream of my grandmother , handing me a cup of freshly squeezed red fruit juice like a toddler .
plopping onto the floral sofa for a third time in my dirty jeans , i sit quietly enjoying a second cold beverage of red fruit juice and silently welcome a peaceful evening .
ming spends his money on importing bottles of red and white wine from a product , growth from red and white fruit grapes inside a couple of the western ecospheres .
the cold bottle of fruit juice floats gracefully into my five finger pads .
i giggle in flute music then sip the fruit .
i smile and march to my combined breakfast and lunch meal while the food drips and drapes over the green tablecloth with huge platters of fruits , meats , breads , vegetables , and dessert .
i finish the second sandwich , notice the orange ripping fruit and continue munching .
she clears her throat while i view the fruit bowl .
i run for the hill , well , a spare grove of dying fruit trees about 150 feet away from the burning trees .
i transverse into a safe haven to the first fruit tree .
rosa is flawless with her aim as the ripen fruit busts into pint - sized bites over me , many tree limbs , and the exposed dirt .
i spit , hotly , sliding vertically into brown dirty dirt , covering my skull with both arms and hands as a volley of fruit pieces prettily explodes and painfully pelts my body , then all stop .
i toss the fruits pieces like an arched rainbow using my t - lift over the side of me .
i breathe and pant for oxygen , lifting my freckles and eye burn my safe haven , once a pretty grove patch containing healthy five out of forty mature blooming reddish - yellow fruit trees .
the thirty - five trees exhibit , ugly an assortment of missing leaves , broken limbs , and scorched fresh burnt fruit while dropping steady like snow flakes onto the mushy brown field .
i cough and gag with yucky fruit juice and seedlings , and peeling fruit skin , adhering from my hair roots to covered toe bones .
i cough and gag with yucky fruit juice and seedlings , and peeling fruit skin , adhering from my hair roots to covered toe bones .
i rotate my neck muscles around the open terrain , eye burning the stone wall , a little bitty 400 feet away from the grove of fruit trees .
however , my black funeral outfit itches in numerous orange ant and red ladybugs guts and stains in the pretty colors of brown dirt , black mud , green grass , yellow fruit , and red blood ( that s mine ) .
my gray shoulder - length hair shampoos in yellow dirt , brown twigs , and wet red sticky fruit juice , while my poor boots wear several sets of nasty deep scuffs , and beautifully cuts , and shaped geometric scars into the soft leather .
the dark green table linens under red flowered center pieces decorate with silver trays of fresh meats , vegetables , fruit , breads , desserts , and beverages along the walls .
wbots serves a platter of beef , corn , rice , fruit pears , bread rolls , and a tiny sliver of chocolate cake for dessert ( more , babe ) .
the med tech grabs one of my bandaged arms whacking off the bloody cloth then poking and probing like he s choosing pieces of ripen fruit for a meal .
the second box contains an assorted of colored full to the rim fruits and vegetables while the last box displays jillions of granules of flour , salt , spices , and sugar .
he sniffs the ripped fruit then bites into the skin , jerking a thick pink tongue into his open mouth , crashing with big horse teeth as juice sprays my hand and turtleneck .
doe quickly nibbles fruit , shaking her head up and down with horsey approval .
bring , lady starra , two blankets , two pillows , and a tray of food covered with meat , fruits , bread , beverages , and desserts .
men , women , and children line the yellow cobblestone street from rexs palace towards the south side of the stadium as they cuss , yell , stomp feet , wave fists , pitches rock ( rock proof windows ) kitchen forks , and spoons , rotten fruit , and broken tree limbs at the hovering air ship .
i pass the refreshment table , desiring to try one of the new desserts of fruit buried inside chocolate .
rann plays a good host , inviting me for lunch , consisting of chicken , rice , greens , fresh baked bread , fruit , and my favorite for dessert chocolate cake .
i pass by rita , more guards , lots of orange bleachers , three fruit juice stands , asking .
can i have a fruit beverage ?
i grab a big plate and then overloading with a pile of scrambled eggs , cooked meats , fresh baked breads , rip fruits , and a single chocolate cake , not a couple of sissy slices of cake but the entire second tiered cake .
i quickly dive my ten finger pads into the food , smelling the soft breads , fresh fruits , crisp vegetables , and sweet desserts .
two dish platters holds two meats , two fishes , two vegetables , two fruits , and two bread rolls under the two glass - covered white steam flowing platters complete with a circular chocolate cake with bunches of cute chocolate roses on top of the first tier between our plates .
tom greets and grunts at me while i straddle my legs between the metal cold hard chair at our shared dining room table of 1,000 inmates and 500 guards , gently placing my full tray of eggs , biscuits , bacon , sausage , fruit , cereal , and milk on my placemat , looking at the food , not tom .
i sit between tok and mar while rann lounges at the head of the square table while many wbots serve platters of brown meat , white fish , green and orange vegetables along with white fresh baked bread and red , pink , and green fruit slices in four stages of presentation as i get full but continues to eyeball the round three - tiered chocolate cake that decorates with a snowy white chocolate flowers on the top layer sitting prettily upon the purple clothed dessert table .
i whisper , pouring fruit juice into my cup then nosily drink it dry then eat a bite of the dry toast , pondering that rann has attained another kitten for the cat litter box .
za puzzles as i finish the dry toast , gulping a third cup of fruit juice , twisting my lips , ugly while seeking food from the table and think mentally that the new mistress is breaking the royal rules already .
lady starra , you have not finished your nutritious entre of meat , vegetables and fruit bring me another piece of cake.now , boy i bitterly sting like an agri bee as bot flies his metal can backwards out the archway .
i trot slowly for two more minutes ( give or take 80 seconds since there s 50 seconds in a commerce minute ) .then stop at the big wide fruit bush .
planet agri is the food planet producing meats , fish , vegetables , fruits , breads , herbsand animals for the universe with its secretive and isolated mysterious business associates .
planet bonita is a living planet with plenty of green trees , pretty flowering plants , and an assortment of fruit bushes on the northern end while the southern end is still a freaking mystery to me .
i dump without completing then wink my eyelash , right and consume with my southern belle ladylike manners all my selected meat , fruits , bread , and chocolate dessert .
for supper , i d like three hot dogs , then for dinner , i d like chicken and for snack , i d like fruit slices .
rann comments and chuckles , shielding me into his chest for love and protection while we turn to the right and down our bodies into the second avenue and see many physical displays of meat trade and fruit produce of agricultural , pastoral , and horticultural goods from planet agri along with the new technology stuff from tech world .
the rose vases and candy boxes climb horizontal against the foyer wall from the doorway to the window and around the corner along with the colorful dolls , stuff animals that line in a vertical column up the staircase like a fairy tale land as i giggle with a girly twang that rann had instructed the robots to do this special presentation of beauty for my lovely gifts and baskets of fruits and vegetables grow against west wall .
i straddle upright between ranns biceps and legs as we stand next to the guard railing over looking the deep player arena while he rudely finger points at the current active event , whispering into my right eardrum as i sip on fruit juice purchased by rann , not my favorite bottle of fiss .
bot elegantly floats in the air with a food tray containing a four - squared and cut white bread with smelly tuna fish along with apple fruit slices , a big cloth napkin , an empty tall glass with new ice chips and a cold wet sweaty sugary sweet bottle of blood red fiss .
my tele - ears hear the loud pop of the metal top from the bottle since the product of fiss is part carbonated water , lots of sweet cane sugar , nice fruit flavoring , and a secret herb from dirks home grown royal garden .
the man - made herb gink is mixed with sweet cane sugar , filtered pure carbonized spring water , and colored with a pretty flavor of fruit juice to create a drink called fiss .
the drink is sweet to the kids so they like to drink it instead of healthy milk or a glass of nature fruit juice .
i word then dive into the tasty apple and walnut fruit salad .
i eye the food tray and covered plates filled with meats , vegetables , fruits , breads , and desserts since i did nt eat as bbot lifts the full tray and leaves then bed time begins as i fall asleep in the hot and heated room .
two plates fill with eggs , bacon , bread , fruits , cereals , milk , and pastries as i smell deliciousness to my hungry tummy and trusting rann has not poisoned or drugged the food .
for two hours , my new friends pour thick rich yellow oils with aromas of fruit and flowers over my naked legs , arms , shoulders , and cheekbones .
i feel warm and cool sprays of mist , lotions , and crmes bombarding my cold naked clean skin with the delightful odors sniffing into my nostrils with fragrances of flowers , fruits , and vanilla as she removes the cloth over my face .
i trail twenty feet of fabric train in four inch heels in a slow and steady pace in perfect range for missiles of vegetables and fruits .
i see the food items have been served and huge trays of vegetables and fruits line the walls of the banquet room as citizens eat , drink , and merrily chat before i appear as i pray for them to toss only the rotten apples at me and my dress .
food is on the tables as i eat steak and fruit along with my most favorite food in the entire universe chocolate cupcakes , pondering plan b escape .
he produces an apple then muzzles its mouth as the horse grabs and chews the fruit while horse juice drools from its lips then argus continues .
more like juicy fruit which is really sweet and gooey .
all the medical signs can be avoided by eating home - grown meats , fruits , and vegetables produced from the local farm , and owned by the local farmeran angel as i coo softly .
i ca nt drink the processed beverages like sodas , power drinks , or alcoholonly pure earth spring water , fresh - squeezed from fruit juices , and milk directly from cow , soy , or rice .
argus compliments and explains the delicate dilemma with his old trusting friend while they finish the fruit tray for the guests .
argus enters first from the kitchen then hands off the heavy fruit tray to cruiser and asks .
likes to dance , but does nt like fruit .
there was bacon , scrambled and poached eggs , eggs benedict , pancakes , french toast , potatoes , sausages , fruits , breads , oatmeal , three different types of cereal , and baked beans .
there was a hallway with gourmet fruits and vegetables , cheeses , fish , poultry , meats , and a large bakery with mountains of multicolored cupcakes in the windows .
it was almost flat like a platter , but had enough depth to the sides to hold fruit or vegetables without them rolling off .
we begin to move along the first aisle ; on the left are all the fruit and vegetables , which are almost unidentifiable .
next to the apples is a crate of bananas , however there is not a single patch of yellow amongst them , each piece of the fruit is brown all over and bruno pokes one with the end of his newly received gun and it sinks into the banana , revealing a liquid - like substance inside and also allowing a foul smell to escape from inside it .
the fruit that was once in it has now deteriorated and formed a large clump of rotten red mush in a plastic container .
the inside of the small red vehicle is dirty , the seats ripped in parts and there is a faint smell of rotting fruit from somewhere under the seat , but i keep my mouth shut , happy that i do nt have to walk anymore .
snow covered as they were , birds of all descriptions were flitting here and there searching out any old fruit buried in the wind swept mounds .
when the applause stopped , a cake with five tiers was carried into the hall to rapturous cries of the guests , for none had ever seen a cake as big and colorful , adorned with the sweetest crme , yellow and blue meringues , and fresh fruits .
jack was with ariadne , standing near a tall chocolate fountain with three tiers , dipping pieces of fruits into the chocolate and enjoying the delicious dessert .
lets go have fruits with chocolate , electra said , but right then eric noticed eleanora standing nearby .
then he noticed that eleanora was actually staring at jack and ariadne , who were totally absorbed with the chocolate fountain and fruits , which they were now sharing with electra .
eric tried to help her out and suggested to approach the fountain after some fruits , but she quickly refused his offer .
fruit trees , carrots , potatoes , and radishes grew in the gardens and orchards in front of the houses .
at the end of the hall he came across a refreshment room with a table full of fruits , canaps , and drinks .
left alone , dinah , disappointed and furious , took a big strawberry from the bowl with fruits and angrily squeezed it in her palm .
black blossoms and shining white light swam across sarahs vision as she dug her hands into the fruit - soft flesh of its throat .
~ ~ ~ sarah was seated at the dining table , which was laden with bread , cheese , and cold cuts of meat , as well as flagons of fruit juice and some stronger beverages .
and the table was laden with platters of spiced meat , poached fish , sweet fruits and flagons of mead , ale , and rice wine .
138 chapter twenty two knowledge is power , knowledge is demise 141 chapter twenty three i am human ... i am not ... i am human ... i am not ... 146 chapter twenty four hell on earth 153 chapter twenty five the kaleidoscope of ones many colors 155 chapter twenty six the best man 161 chapter twenty seven entertaining forbidden fruit 165 chapter twenty eight dancing with the devil 172 chapter twenty nine library blues 173 chapter thirty dance with the devils daughter 180 chapter thirty one exposed and raw 187 chapter thirty two if were being honest here ... says the devils advocate !
chapter twenty seven entertaining forbidden fruit i dozed off several times throughout the night after waking .
yes , kate will have a fruit tray , half fresh / half dried .
the oblong plate he kept calling a tray was mounded with all types of my favorite fruit .
my belly warmed and not from the delicious fruit .
i stared at the fruit slices on my plate .
no , i oh , come on , you love oranges , he said , waving the fruit at her .
there was everything from pancakes , sausages , eggs and bacon , to the colder foods like pastries , cereals , yoghurts and fruit .
at the buffet , they found an elaborate assortment of muffins , biscuits and scones as well as many tropical fruits for the health conscious , accompanied by hot chocolate , tea , soft drinks and juices .
they went to the buffet and selected a hearty breakfast from the array of bacon and eggs , fruit , breads and cereals .
he is the first person experimental enough to try and play chubby bunnies with frozen fruit .
minutes later , a lady in a red velvet dress with a black lace - up waistcoat brought drinks in wooden mugs , along with a generous platter of raw vegetables , fruit , a loaf of bread , and some kind of braised meat on a bed of prunes and cedar nuts .
there were long tables with flowing linen cloth covering them and old wooden benches where students sat talking and eating grapes and other fruits .
i found some fruit .
not really , just the fruit , salad stuff and chips we brought and that s about gone .
parents namin their kids after soap opera stars or fruit or some shit like that shut up , old man my stomach lurching .
maybe its just bobby being nice and the crap i ve grown used to eating over the past three years , the bruised fruit and pizza crusts from the garbage , but what i make tastes good to me too .
vegetables and fruits in clear mason jars , each labeled with a permanent marker in a mans hand .
the rest was no better : a couple of tiny breadsticks , a fruit cup and a handful of green salad .
i launch into describing our surroundings , pointing out the horrible fish and chip shop on the corner that the locals know not to frequent , the take - away market , and the unhappy fruit and vegetable seller in the stand across the street .
we have dried cereal , dried fruit , or dried meat .
i circled behind one of the stone buildings and hid behind a barrel of fruit .
stopping at the first food cart bjorn buys some fruit for all of them to eat .
my family and i lived in the most perfect place in all the world , every kind of fruit tree was there and the rivers and pools were the clearest and most refreshing you could ever let touch your lips .
what are you talking about , its me you fruit cakes .
it almost feels like home , and i yearn to taste the crispy sweetness of brecken 's fruit loops too .
umm , just that i lived in the fruit heights area , i explain .
sausage , bacon , pancakes , waffles , porridge , cereals , fruits , hash browns , eggs , grits the whiteness and brightness of the facility may have been migraine - worthy , but at least we had good food , which was all grown on floor twenty , or raised on floor twenty - one .
thornmockers creation was fantastic for those enjoying the fruit of the apple .
its been a long time since you enjoyed the fruit of the vine .
there were many trees , mostly fruit trees in long rows behind the tall half demolished half rebuilt stone castle building .
the long rows of fruit trees seemed magical here , even though they looked the same in the etherworld .
the trees were ripe with fruit .
here , gabe said handing me a wood bowl filled with colorful fruit .
i took the bowl from him and looked at the bright fruit staring back at me .
about my mother and past , he finished my sentence and i nodded picking out a piece of fruit resembling a pineapple slice .
i stood dropping my bowl to the ground littering the green vegetation with the colorful fruit .
evver sliced me some bread and cheese and then added some fresh fruit .
she reached out to take the foreign fruit .
it was followed by cheeses and a bounty of fruit .
she looked at the tangy fruit in her hand and it hit her .
the table , made from purple coral , stood stocked with an assortment of sea bass , potato crisps , fresh fruits , breads and tankards filled with sweet nectar that tasted like cherry cola .
he removed the cloth and uncovered fresh fruit , a giant helping of scrambled eggs , and oatcakes .
vanoras plate heaped with fruit .
comes with free fruit flies , she offered .
i continue to walk to the caf and eat a waffle , fruit , and diet coke for breakfast before making my way back to kluft .
i started for a group of girls , but nicholas arrived with a cup of what looked like fruit punch .
they did nt say anything to toryn but i did nt miss the way both looked at him like he was rotten fruit .
just see if they have any fresh fruit .
do you have any fresh fruit ?
any fruit ?
zjhuud - geh island would be teeming with fruit , and he was capable with a snare , handy with a fishing spear and line .
apart from fish and other seafood that must inhabit the waters of the bay in abundance , his oversensitive nostrils seduced him with the perfume of tropical fruit .
he could smell maa - sheesh , the plump , fist - sized fruit with flesh the color of ocean surf and a taste of both sugar and salt that grew on the lowlands around the coast .
waiting on the bench were three bowls of his homemade muesli with chopped fruit and yogurt .
on the step below the porch lay the shards of her muesli bowl : fruit , yogurt , and grains strewn across the driveway .
the large , yellowish fruit they produced , once cooked , was succulent and nourishing .
he knocked down three fruit .
he set bird snares and gathered a small supply of roots , berries , and fruit , hanging them away from predators on low tree boughs back at his new camp .
after a simple meal of berries and fruit , he crawled into his bivouac and collapsed as darkness fell .
like they say , by their fruits you shall know them .
now that he is like a forbidden fruit , its as if my senses have been heightenedevery fingertip , every brush of the lips , his breath escaping into my ears , the strength of his arms around my waist , all pouring in triple fold .
maybe i could find some canned fruit or something down there .
i knew mom sometimes went on health food kicks and bought only healthy foods , but finding only dried fruits , low - fat crackers , and not one box of cookies on the shelves was disappointing .
i grabbed a box of crackers and a package of dried fruit and added them as well .
i nibbled on some dried fruit , then drank some water .
i also noticed that the students lunches were either a tiny serving of salad with dressing on the side , a miniscule fruit salad , or a power bar and a bottle of water .
good health , good health , it makes you strong you will live longer if you follow this song veggies and fruits .
veggies and fruits .
we all love to eat veggies and fruits .
you are what you eat and you know that it 's true eat healthy and exercise , it 's what you must do veggies and fruits .
instead she brought sliced vegetables , whole - wheat pita bread stuffed with a tofu - based mixture , a thermos of cold water , and for dessert , fruit .
there were no people , no helicopter , no sign of anyone hurrying to our rescue ; not even so much as a house , boat , or car ; not even a sun - bronzed native hacking coconuts open with a machete or slicing up pineapple in a bamboo beachside fruit stand .
mike scooped up a chunk of fleshy white fruit and popped it in his mouth .
arvex made fun of me because i was named after a fruit , but at least i was nt named for him , the reason we could never go home again .
vines laced through flowers and fruits and there were more screeching fliers than we could catch an eye of .
i watch them place a blanket on the grass and unpack for a scarce meal of bread , fruit , and water .
i have liked their yellow fruit since childhood .
fruit blossoms on a branch that moments ago had been her right hand .
i watch as a small divot appears in the branch next to the yellow fruit .
her nostrils were assailed with the scent of salted beef and dried fruit .
when it was our turn , acacia passed me a plate , and i loaded it up with food , piling on grilled salmon , fruit , an organic yogurt , and a bottle of water .
the officer sent to interrogate jake helped himself now and again to the parts of the breakfast that jake insisted he would nt be able to manage ; the toast , the preserves , the fruit .
she reached for some fruit .
the vegetables and fruits they serve here are all grown in those gardens .
along with their soups came a variety of fruit and vegetable salads , grown from the garden outside their window .
when she got back , there were two plates on the table filled with fruits , vegetables , and a variety of meats and cheeses .
cheesecake with juicy spikeless cactus fruits .
why do nt you just quit then and go to work for the fruit business ?
richies family owns a large and thriving fruit market in astoria , queens .
our stickball bats were solid broom handles that richies father brings home from the familys fruit business .
he s the king of fruit loops .
well , if nothing else , she s telling us that the kerns are strange fruit .
i really wish leonard nimoy would go in search ofwhy richie does nt work at the fruit store ?
it could be that mr . ragusa wants his youngest son to be something more than a fruit store guy , and is hoping that a variety of work experiences will aid and abet his future .
like me , richie plans on attending college in a couple of years , and his career expectations , i know , do not include managing the familys fruit business or , for that matter , enlisting in the marines .
a marine in his younger daysprior to marrying richies mom and becoming the fruit store kingthe man espouses a worldview that , in my opinion , never quite jibes with reality .
mike , why do you suppose mr . ragusa does nt want richie working at the fruit store with him ?
i could nt see the speedometer from the backseat , which i shared with johnny b and his little cooler stuffed with sandwiches , sodas , and fruit that he insisted on keeping on his lap , instead of in the cars trunk , just in case he got hungry along the way .
harlow had spotted a nearby fruit bush full of edible berries that she 'd gathered as their food for the night .
let my beloved come into his garden , and eat his pleasant fruits .
taking a plate , i scooped some of the fruit onto it .
besides , i was too busy stuffing my face with fruit covered waffle .
the guys each bought themselves a slice of pizza which smelled so heavenly i almost rethought my food choices , but settled on a soy fruit smoothie .
somehow it was fused within the fruit .
like the fruit , the animals in sharra are cultivated for our needs .
then i clicked on images in the internet search and discovered a green fruit called a chayot .
a glass of orange juice rested at the top near the knife and spoon , and a bowl of fruit sat above the fork .
trees bearing the most beautiful , luscious - looking fruit in different colors abounded .
surprised , i took a step toward the nearest tree , clasping a lime colored fruit in my fingers .
with a shrug , i plucked a fruit from the tree and sank my teeth into it before i changed my mind .
the fleshy fruit tasted exactly like gabriels blood .
that s the beauty of the fruit .
curious , i agreed , setting the piece of fruit on the table .
a ruby red fruit grew in abundance in this section of the garden .
even though it was a different color than the green fruit i d smelled yesterday , i realized the aroma was the same .
she flicked her tail , angling her head toward the red fruit on the tree .
she went over to her backpack and dug some juicy fruit out of the side pocket .
does mosom have the fruit of the spirit in his life ?
i do nt see plants , animals , insects , vegetation , fruit trees or large bushes only puke green sea weed in the ocean and tan - colored sea oats growing along some of the shore lines .
our glasses bend inwards pouring sweet purple grape fruit juice over five finger pads as we giggle like two kiddies at playground recess .
i flash back mentally into a fifth alien time line when at the royal carnival while admiring the black cows and red fruits inside the agri exhibition tent , ty was showing off his produce , his livestock , and his girl .
sherwood forest decorates with real tree brown - colored limbs and brown branches of mother nature from the farm world , consisting of miniature blue fruit bushes , small green trees , real singing red birds , and green blades of short grass .
cause , buddy , i m going to eyeball ya then torment you bee_hind or at least a throw rotten fruit at your fugly ugly face .
she places the fruit on top of her batter mixture and then enters the round pan pie inside the baking oven .
the axe kisses a blue berry fruit bush , instead of me while not stopping and then whacking the top three branches off the stem .
i sit and open the bin , containing numerous refreshing water bottles , small food packages of crackers , cheese strips , and fruit .
i back step on summer sandals from the open window then swing a face while scanning eyeballs at my sky box filled with four food trays , consisting of meats , fruits , desserts , beverages , and finger foods .
i smell the food items before a view of the food items , scrambled eggs , grilled steak , fresh buttery biscuits , fruit , oat cereal , and a tall glass of chocolate milk .
i pointed at the normal looking fruit .
my eyes fell on a fruit bowl placed in the centre of my table .
it was full of fresh fruit ; bananas , pears , apples , and grapes .
perhaps if i sent her some fruit , she would enjoy the sweet tastes of home ?
she could nt accuse me of doing anything to the fruit , could she ?
i looked down at my fruit basket , ready to hand it over .
i had stumbled over a few times , i guess i did nt notice the fruit tumbling out too .
piled in neat rows were cans of preserved meat , fruits , and vegetables .
grace ran down and grabbed a fruit tray so we could snack , chill on her bed and listen to music .
a big cauldron filled with fruit punch stood to the left of the stage .
jack grabbed a red apple from a compote of fruit , placed it in his pocket , then nodded his readiness .
villagers would grow fresh fruit and vegetables behind their homes , and had an array of herbs for seasoning .
rennie hurried to the first pair of apple trees and plucked the small fruit from their lower boughs .
he tossed a piece of the hard fruit at noah .
noah reached out to pluck a piece of the green and red fruit from its perch .
each person , young and old , carried a big wicker tray stuffed full of sandwiches and fruit .
she spun over to the table where a handwritten note lay next to the wicker basket of wooden fruit : there s some leftovers in the fridge .
lots of em said they worked in the fields pickin fruits , veggies , and grapes all day long .
large wicker baskets of various fruits and vegetables did little to quiet his starvation .
drupes meaning stone fruit .
do we have any fruit around ?
the only fruit we had was a couple of apples , so i chopped them up and added them .
despite the brilliantly sunny day , warming the fruit on the trees and making the city smell of sweet apricot .
she found muffins and fruit and juice in the kitchenette and brewed a mug of coffee and was finishing up when cam rang at the door .
daphne had nt planned on going to breakfastthere were still plenty of fruit and things in her roombut now she quickly showered and dressed , wondering what this was all about .
as they filled their plates with eggs , hash browns , fruit , and muffins , her father warned her that they planned to leave as soon as possible .
he sneered at me as he lifted the fruit to his mouth .
i bit into the fruit .
kiethara smiled at the ripe fruit .
although the sweet juice gushed out of the fruit and dribbled down her chin , the apple tasted bitter .
the trees that rimmed the clearing were always laden with fruit and lush with emerald leaves .
each tree was young and plump , perfect for fruit .
the fruits had nt been there at a certain time , or with certainyields .
different colored tents were crowded with people on the wide path , displaying flowers , fruits , vegetables , livestock , clothes , and jewelry .
actually , it looked as though it could be juice , from a fruit .
a fresh plate of fruit was placed just before her , making her mouth water .
raynock began to serve trinnia , and navadar turned to her with a plate of fruit in his hands .
on it were , to her relief , were familiar fruits , as well as three slices of bread .
it was nothing like the fruit she ate in the forest .
some people do nt have the time to make one potion from the forest or eat one of its fruits in order to gain a little magic , let alone store enough of it to go and fly .
if she had focused on her connection as aaron had instructed , she might have noticed them taking fruit from the fringes of the forest .
the fruit was rather small and it was nt anywhere near ripe yet .
he walked around the area and when he did nt find a tree with fruit , he pouted to himself .
the center of the flowers gave birth to ripe fruit of all kinds .
he carefully plucked the fruit from the tree and put them in the pocket of the green hoodie he was wearing .
he pulled out the fresh fruit from his pocket .
she pulled a slice of orange off the fruit and took a bite of it .
and some other simple things , like making fruit grow on trees .
so that s how you got so much fruit this morning !
multigrain oat bread , a protein and vitamin shake , and a piece of fruit were prepared on identical trays that had to be picked up from the service area , while we kept ourselves in an orderly line .
that could absolutely be the case , she said then popped the fruit into her mouth .
mila ran the hot water and started doing the dishes , and let tomas bring out the dessert : a massive plate of fruit ringed by a rainbow of jello cubes .
she gasped in surprise , but managed to catch the perfectly ripe fruit before it splattered on the newly - cleaned floor .
i reached out to touch one of the shining fruits but bast laid out a hand to stop me .
through a slit in the gauze i could make out the dining room , set up with a mountain of fruits and sweets .
the ripe fruit slid off the cutlery and thudded to the floor , rolling inches away from me .
i managed to shift my position to get a better view of the table and i saw that the candied fruits and exotic chocolates were only the parameter of the table .
its just soda and fruit .
ok , yeah , i know who you re talking about , i said with fruit in my mouth .
people in her world frolic and prance through the trees and blooming flowers , venture to get healthy fruit smoothies , and save the lives of the forgotten , bringing them from the darkness by showing the world someone could only dream .
i ask with a raised eyebrow , now confused with the fruit in my hands .
i know they re great for potassium intake and they re berries by technical definition because its a fleshy fruit produced from a single seed , while a strawberry is covered in seeds , so it is nt a berry .
i did nt know that , i tell her , flipping the fruit in my hands .
i smile , my silent way of thanking him for the fruit .
i quickly quiet the thought because she would force me to indulge in some fruit , and in all our haste , we forgot to buy apples .
he tosses me a bag of dried fruit , which , in my sleep befuddled state , i fail to catch .
i retrieve the dried fruit and begin to eat as flynn fills me in with the days plans .
he said my name like he was tasting an exotic fruit .
i was so engrossed in the fight it took me several seconds to register the gentle pressure on my mind , touching , prodding like fingers testing a piece of fruit .
my appetite had always been good , but i d never tasted food like this : pastries that melted on my tongue , fruit so sweet i licked the juice from my fingers , and cold , frothy milk flavored with mint .
there was no sour fruit in seth land .
deer , wild boar , i think that s hawk , and the fruits and vegetables are over there , aiden pointed at each section as he named the foods they held .
i shall bring her a plate of fruit , antony headed for the kitchen .
antony brought over a plate with assorted fruits and a glass of water .
here , please take some fruit .
she walked by the coffee table and grabbed the plate of fruit , sure .
the bag ripped and all sorts of round fruits and vegetables rolled around her .
a huge oval table made of dark wood sat in the centre of the space , already laden with cakes , sandwiches and a big jug of fruit cordial .
idrys wo nt be happy , you know , he mused guiltlessly , i m supposed to be picking fruit or something right now .
such smells as those he immediately darted for the moment he stepped through the doorway came to him from everywhere , smells of fresh fruit , herbs and vegetables ; the meaty aromas of warm , recently butchered beast and game ; and some pulpy gross thing that closely resembled a big fat lizard hanging from a hook .
where he needed to go was a storeroom ; a very particular storeroom in fact , where all the herbs and spices were kept ... . and the fruit .
smells of herb and smells of spice , smells of fruit and all things nice .
before they left the storeroom grarrt took a leather satchel from a hook on the wall and filled it with fruit , crusty bread and smoked meat ; to this he also added a couple of fresh herb bundles which would help to preserve the food a little longer .
amazing enough , yet somewhat predictably , briar did not wake up when the offending fruit was indeed placed into his mouth .
you d scowl , too , if your name sounded like a dried fruit .
if we do nt pick any fruit , i think well get out of the forest without further problems , andy whispered .
as joseph approached the outdoor market , he had to fan away flies to find the meat that was nt spoiled and try to find the best fruits and vegetables along with some rice and beans .
i could still taste the tangy fruit candies the old ladies of the county store would give me as i sat wide - eyed on the bottom steps of the porch listening to the stories of the old lovers of the moor .
coarse dirt and tramped grass , dirty wool and rotting fruit they all seem like newborn wonders , and i feel myself swaying towards him , now conscious of my unwashed state , but recognizing that it does not matter to him .
but the knowledge contained in that fruit is the only way to get what you want , the best way to please .
after breakfast he would be taken to the atrium to begin work .on fridays only one attendant would be there as the rest of the work crew were dispatched to the fruit and vegetable processing warehouse .
~*~ of pirate queens and kika fruit by cherisse m. prater where is it written that a pirate must be stranded on a deserted island at some point in their illustrious career on the high seas ?
i reached down into my satchel and pulled out my favorite , kika fruit .
the outside rind smelled like hell but a pocket knife could make quick work of the bark like covering of this luscious fruit .
the best thing about the kika fruit is that you could keep one for over a year and as long as it stayed dry on the outside it would nt rot .
i have seen a lot of silly things people do to stay young & beautiful but i personally would never waste this precious fruit flesh on chasing away the years when it could curl up all nice and warm in my stomach , different priorities i guess , or maybe they are just freakin mental .
as the juice of the kika fruit streaked its way down my chin and on to my chest i felt harlocks stare burning a hole in me and it had nothing to do with where the juice had landed .
it unfortunately dawned on me too late that the giddiness of a profitable deal had slowed my reflexes and dulled my sense of self preservation as the cold hard barrel of a marine issue k - tag g rested on my temple and i heard the dreaded words , your dirty pirate deal in stagunium cost me my post and my sisters trade license , it seems a shame to die for some stinkin fruit , but then there s no accounting for a pirates taste , any last words ?
rhapsody felt a warm glow in her stomach as she watched the fruits of arias miracle taking form .
he cooked an omelet and then put a huge bowl of fruit on the side .
or perhaps the better word is did nt , there is a distinct possibility that i left it , hanging , you might say , a ripe fruit to pluck .
this land that had once been a frenzy of business had returned to its founding occupation and ella had no trouble finding stray fruit to stave off her grumbling appetite .
a couple of men , even older looking than the king , brought in a tray of fruit and a vessel of water that had multiple tubes hanging from its sides , like octopus arms .
the man with the tray of fruit brushed holcombs face with his underarm as he reached forward to set the tray on the table .
then the men who had brought the fruit and water left .
she ate lots of fruit , salads and soup .
asked samantha blake , gratefully accepting the fruit cake offered by her mother .
sam finished off all the fruit in the bowl .
i d had a long chat that day , with mr easterly , you know after the foundation gig we d played , over at the fruit exchange , said johan .
through the explosions , the ice blasts , the acid puddles , the swarming fruit , the snaking vines , the actual snakes , a small asian elephant , a eight feet tall robot , an animated rock formation , a six - armed maths teacher , a portal - creating senior student , and a conglomeration of other crazy happenings , bella fought her way through the disorder to jack 's side .
vegetables and fruit flew through the air like bullets , pelting their targets relentlessly .
the driver was lifting heavy boxes of exotic - looking fruit off the sidewalk and carrying them into a chinese deli .
undisturbed by the astonished inspiration of spellbound onlookers engaged by such unexpected magic , the riders guided the birds to circle the tigris and euphrates river banks ; following groves of date palms whose ripened fruit flashed like jewels to grace their shores .
clinging to the coast , flashing below them were histories of lush green ; pearls of lustrous fruit - dappled palm treasures .
power is sweet to those unfaithful ; alchemy intoxicating as rotting fruit which in its spell destroys the perfection of hummingbird flight .
student , caretaker she had been to this great man ; for decades watching him measure elements precisely in his alchemy , showing the perfect bud to prune for a glorious season to come , rolling pastry to wrap summer fruits , the firm hold it took when one of his cherished pressed by him to chase the garden squirrels .
basha stared at the strange delicacies , which included roasted pig , strange fruits from the famous rainforests of kiwata , squid from the southern black sea and chincock berries that could be picked from the cacti of the za dessert .
she saw a basket full of fruits on a table near the bed .
a carbonara that everyone love and fruit salad .
you , boy with the fruit bowl , called a voice that commanded her to stop .
sally asked , picking at her dinner of fruits and vegetables while reclining on the edge of her bed .
there were multiple tables filled with candlelight and fruits and steaming vegetables .
servants who averted their gazes , who moved woodenly across the room , bringing trays of fruits and vegetables .
( i can see how if you were in a suite above sea level , staying in your cabin with your huge balcony , complimentary fruit platter , and bottle of champagne would nt be a half - bad idea . )
colorful summer fruits filled the eyes with hope .
he watches me while i stuff my face with fruits , and i watch him back .
in fact , even when not in uniform , i can pretty much always be found in my plain , black , fruit of the loom t - shirt .
a faint blush lay in her cheeks , her lips were moist and full like ripe , soft fruit .
she did nt know if it produced fruit or when the best , most logical time to prune it would be .
in the middle of the lower branches was one , very large piece of fruit .
she gasped as the fruit fell into her outstretched hand , just as if it had jumped off the tree .
it appeared as though this was the only fruit on the tree and it had grown in the last ten minutes .
dazed , rose carried the fruit inside .
she had no idea if the fruit was edible or not .
despite her inner thoughts on the matter , her hands had a mind of their own and they moved the fruit up to her mouth .
rose bit again and again until within moments , the entire fruit was gone and she held nothing but the stem .
her eyes narrowed , it was that fruit i had for breakfast .
that fruit from that blasted tree .
rose snorted angrily at herself , she had known better than to eat strange fruits with no name and yet she had nt listened to her own good sense .
somehow that fruit had made her a witch .
tell me , he croaked as he trained his eyes on her , has it produced any fruit ?
their trunks were sacrificed for the witches brooms , their branches carefully selected and whittled to carve the perfect wand , their roots pulled cautiously to create potions for healing ; their leaves and fruit harvested to steep powerful teas and create miracles .
what if someone ate the fruit ?
no , if you eat the fruit , you d have the pleasure of the heart trees magic for just a short while .
she had got anderson into this mess and she now needed to get him out of danger ... she thought about what the old man in the plant store had said , their roots pulled carefully to create potions for healing ; their leaves and fruit harvested to steep powerful teas and create miracles .
she stood and blindly reached into the tree and a fruit found its way into her hand .
her body knew these movements even if her mind did not ; the pot , the stove , the heat , the water , the leaves , the fruit , cut just so , the roots had to be sliced the correct way .
when cliven saw this , he ecstatically clenched the caged fence that separated the audience from the battleground and gave a deranged shout , bothogus , split em open like rotten fruit !
from what i know , her name is carmela and she owns an exotic fruit store .
as they dismounted their brooms and came to the front door , she noticed two fruit stands below the windows on either side of the small doorway .
the stands were filled with carambola , mangoes , passion fruit , lychee , and other various fruits toppled high onto the wooden crates .
the stands were filled with carambola , mangoes , passion fruit , lychee , and other various fruits toppled high onto the wooden crates .
the front room was all business , with more fruit and a counter with a cash register on it as well as a board with prices .
a gorgeous group of fairy women bearing round baskets of fruit looked her way and then gossiped to each other .
she tastes like oranges , my new favorite fruit .
they ate apples , corn , and other fruits and vegetables they found from trees or farmers crops along the way .
earl said , pointing to a fruit stand .
when they were walking again , earl offered dagdron some cherries , but the rogue shook his head , showing him his own fruit .
he does nt have any more right to all that fruit than i do .
chef barig encouraged everyone excitedly as students and visitors alike loaded up their plates with meat , corn on the cob , different kinds of potatoes , rolls , fruit , and bowls of chicken soup .
for lea , he ordered a club sandwich with fruits .
in that moment , everything clicked : they had dug a fruit cellar , not a grave plot !
` ` and who digs a fruit cellar next to graves ? ''
after a dessert of fruit compote , the group went to a midnight church service , but even at a late hour , viktor could n't sleep .
for his parents , viktor bought bubliki pretzels and pirozhokbaked buns stuffed with fresh fruit , cheese , or meat .
by the time they left the sweet store , everyone 's bags were plump with sugar - fruit drops , berry buds , taffy & toffee brother 's chews , caramel apples , and every type of truffle imaginable .
the magical fruit that cabalins smoked passed their emotions into the smoke , leaving the smoker with clarity .
annalise picking up a lilligan fruit from the vendor , she placed it in her basket , thanking the seraph on the other side of the wooden table and continuing down the cobblestone path .
as usual , she stopped watching the scene so as not to see the actual death itself , turning her attention to leon placing new fruits in her basket .
maize , i need the usual for myself and some simple jadza fruit for my friend here , ash said , flashing a smile at the bar owner and then looking over at annalise .
she took a sip , pleased with the juicy taste that filled her mouth , similar to the fruits that were in her realm but different as well .
ash pulled a red fruit from the tree and took a bite of the sweet flesh .
it tasted similar to some of the fruit he had back home , but sweeter .
finishing off his last bite of the fruit , he grabbed her hand .
he felt someone put a piece of fruit in his hands .
yet , the fruit in his hands looked fresh .
it did nt taste like any fruit he had ever gotten at home .
natara had gone out of her way to prepare a large meal for them , most of it was made out of plants and fruits , but annalise knew the girl had a knack for making anything taste good .
arie tossed a small red fruit in his direction , which he caught effortlessly .
he took a big bite of the fruit and smirked .
but it was difficult to open the jars of vegetables and fruits she 'd brought in , and serve them to people without brushing their hands , or touching their fingertips .
they supply ... '' ` ` fruits and vegetables , '' shai whispered .
hundreds of glass jars filled with jams , fruits , and vegetables of every variety sparkled like jewels in the lantern light .
chapter 26 aliah conley 's supply house resembled lael 's , with jars of fruits and vegetables lining the shelves and tables with a variety of household items running down the center aisle .
are there some berry or fruit trees around here ?
chapter 19 alistair after he cleared the pizza from the table , alistair replaced it with a spread of fruits , berries , bread , and the most wonderful stew daniel had ever tasted ( though it included more vegetables than he cared for ) .
there were fruit spreads and cakes , a berry cobbler , and a tray of different nuts .
table of contents beginning glass tree crabbits brin parthas spritons yrn riddles climbing dreamthing ending about the author acknowlogies and apoledgements other books by this author visit his smashwords page lenna and the last dragon lenna 's fimbulsummer lenna at the all thing the stone shepherd 's son casey jones is still a virgin ( for older readers ) 13 stories to scare you to death my dad is a secret agent where the cloud meets the mountain and the mountain disappears for lauren * * * gobber hocked up a lungful of something nasty and spat it like a fruit pit off the side of his cart .
when the flowers were past bolting and you could peel off the outer leaves and they had those green fruit pips , just a hint of sour , not yet hard and red and crunchy .
something about it made cory think of rotting fruit .
the shady trailtree 's longest limb hung horizontally , tipped with bundles of withered fruit , a bowed head .
just keep quiet , he 's a fruit basket , a looniac , a crazy skek who would n't know a bit of sunshine if it shrivelled his mangy face all up , just stay silent there 's nuffing to say to him do n't give in he 'll put those pins back in , or worse -- ` ` such a , a purple thing it is , to shine such light on a weakling like him .
mr . hartkins handed ayden the small packet of fruit chews that he had been reaching for .
not only had link failed to see the danger his brother was in , he had somehow even missed the box of fruit chews .
there is something fanciful about rows of cultivated land and trees heavy with fruit .
its a chinese fruit .
we rode the tiny rainbow ferry to granville island , bought chinese lychee fruit , which look like alien eggs but taste delicious , and watched a street show at the farmers market .
stacks of fruit leather , cases of organic macaroni and cheese , family - size jars of spaghetti sauce , box after box of every shape and size pasta noodle , and other nonperishables .
the girls picked out their favorite pasta and sauce , grabbed a few fruit leathers , and headed back upstairs to the kitchen where i was boiling the water for the pasta .
nobody bats an eye when it looks like a fork is spearing fruit pieces all by itself .
it was very fruity and to be honest more of a fruit salad than a squash and it still had the odd pips and bits in it .
jen had no idea what elder flower was and decided the fruit cocktail would do as a push .
however , many of the remaining gryffants were does , and preferred fruit to meat .
as soon as he and jasper waltzed out of the kitchen , probably thanking god above that they were nt me , i grabbed a large fruit bowl , the kind mom uses for special casseroles and potluck dinners .
she sat with him , and asked many questions , starting with how to make the cloves stick to the sweet fruit .
he paid for his fruit , and walked on to another stall .
the bakers brought a large pastry in the shape of a castle , and a variety of apples , pears and other fruits which were baked as a dessert .
sara also learned that while cosmopolitans may taste like fruit juice there s obviously a lot more in them than that .
flowers , dinosaurs , dogs , kittens , animals , fruits , vegetables , gingerbread , christmas tree , birds , bugs , spiders , snakes , guitar , piano , musical instruments , fighter jets to airplanes , boats , and cars from a fast sports car to the old fashioned model - t ford to the new hover car .
is that a symbol of fruit , a cherry with three leaves ?
the dance hall always has fruit trays and cupcakes .
some of the pictures were paintings and some were photographs of everything from bowls of fruit to impressionist scenes .
the table that had been empty the night before except for cold cuts and bread was now filled with jams , fresh bread , cream , butter , coffee , poached eggs , ham , and every sort of fruit imaginable .
all of them burst with feathers , flowers , and the occasional piece of fruit .
after that , flowers by the hundreds arrived , along with baskets of fruit and goodies , to the hospital , all with the request that they be delivered to mac .
an old grandmother , toothless , held up a fruit basket saying , thank you !
even a piece of fruit , like a banana , would have been better to see on his tray .
he also did nt like it that more and more deliveries of flowers , baskets of fruit and other goodies kept arriving and filling up his room .
new mothers and older grandmothers received baskets of fruit .
shinwoo sat down with a plate of fruit and yogurt , having disdained all the fatty foods on the breakfast buffet .
it hangs there from the eviscerated chest cavity like an overripe fruit .
ryder , skylar and rebecca spent the rest of the day talking and eating the fruit salad that loretta had brought them .
lots of things that i think used to be brightly - colored vegetables and/or fruit but now were equally charred , surrounded the mound - o - meat .
of course they were supposedly already following better dietary guidelines , but mrs . mills version of fresh fruit , for example , was an apple with fewer brown spots than red ones .
now she not only had to use truly fresh fruit and veggies but more fresh food in general .
tell them we need hot dogs , chips , fruit , and milk .
she nudged kaylee on her other side , who also looked up from her fruit salad .
i m not lurking , i said , stuffing my hands into my hoodie pockets , reminded of the fruit i d brought for the horses .
so i have all this fruit and carrots .
for lunch they went to caf nero on the high street and sat outside eating grilled paninis and drinking fruit smoothies her mum had given up on coffee when it had begun to stain her teeth .
we had bought chicken , fish and our favourite cuisines , sweets and dry fruits .
i was nt sure what you like but thought i could nt go wrong with fruit and vegetables .
he put her on a special diet , i think a lot of fresh juices and mostly fruits and vegetables .
but i heard mamm say one time that fruit is god 's candy .
and fruit grows on trees .
do you trick the tree when you take the fruit off it ?
< > < > < > chapter 12 special delivery lo , children are an heritage of the lord : and the fruit of the womb is his reward .
another , made even earlier , was that they were once normal size but then had eaten the fruit from an aig tree in aigland and this had caused them to grow exponentially .
the soldier returned with a tray laden with bread , larva meat , fruit pieces and leaf juice .
it looked more like a fruit smoothie than a mixed drink until he added the rum .
it was practical and philosophical , big and small , and the sweetness of the fruit juice was masking the kick of the rum .
it tasted strong , acidic grape juice mixed with forbidden fruit .
aunt syl brought out a plate of fruit and cheese and crackers ; some of my favorite munchies .
he was man where there was usually only female , he was musk and rich earth where there was usually just floral and fruit .
delice was a european bakery with simply the best orange and raisin scones ever , in the history of scones , and even better fruit tartlets .
some people were clearly still working , despite the weekend , some were family - types on their way to kids activities , some were couples in love , some were merely picking up coffee on their walk of shame home , and some were just enjoying their saturday morning with nothing better to do than sip lattes and eat fruit tartlets .
i hesitated long enough so ryder could lead the way to the big concrete table where a huge spread of scrambled eggs , bacon , sausage , rolls , gravy and bowl of fruit were laid out .
i shift my eyeballs to my parents squeezed between the clan in the middle of the long table as mama possess light brown hair roots that always tied in a tight grandmas bun at the nape of her neck as i favor her dna facial features with my cute button nose and a pair of big doe eye sockets on an oval face like hers along with our matching light brown pupils but she looks so much old and worn than annabelle in both her face and body with her wrinkled and deeply sun tanned face showing no glow of happiness more like an overcast of death while her lips sip slowly on the white mug of coffee instead of choking down some fresh fruit juice for a healthy cause and her un - manicured ratty finger nails covers the warm china tea cup .
if that is nt enough food for a growing teenager then there s a side plate filled with delicious looking fruit salad consisting of sliced strawberries , orange slices , grapes , apples , walnuts all mixed together as my tummy grumbles for food as beck quickly gobbles down one chicken breast , two thigh legs , and two drums sticks while polishing off the entire pile of mashed potatoes .
he cleans the dinner plate then sits the small side plate with the fruit salad inside the larger plate like a good mannered young man finishing the bright ripped fruit along with the rest of the clan wrapping up the lunchtime meal .
he cleans the dinner plate then sits the small side plate with the fruit salad inside the larger plate like a good mannered young man finishing the bright ripped fruit along with the rest of the clan wrapping up the lunchtime meal .
he slides the bowl of fruit that contains whole green grapes , slices of strawberries , and apples as i chow down with my right finger pads .
the left side of the driveway lines with an array of assorted olive trees with white blooms couple with the sweet wafts to my nose holes and a batch of pretty apricot trees with their reddish - yellow fruit hanging off the limbs as i suddenly halt placing my hands over my empty belt loops pondering why there s fruit on the branches when that fruit only grows during the summertime as i shake my skull side to side and march forward .
the left side of the driveway lines with an array of assorted olive trees with white blooms couple with the sweet wafts to my nose holes and a batch of pretty apricot trees with their reddish - yellow fruit hanging off the limbs as i suddenly halt placing my hands over my empty belt loops pondering why there s fruit on the branches when that fruit only grows during the summertime as i shake my skull side to side and march forward .
the left side of the driveway lines with an array of assorted olive trees with white blooms couple with the sweet wafts to my nose holes and a batch of pretty apricot trees with their reddish - yellow fruit hanging off the limbs as i suddenly halt placing my hands over my empty belt loops pondering why there s fruit on the branches when that fruit only grows during the summertime as i shake my skull side to side and march forward .
he continues to tear and touch the food menu words when the platter is filled with sausage links , muffins , fruit , and donuts with two goblets of grape juice plus ice cubes .
beck gathers fruit for our snacks , while cuddling and giggling for our fun .
i gotcut on the blueberry bush , eating some of the fresh fruit .
three horizontal rows of raccoons , each one carry a piece of fruit including an assortment of berries , apples , pears , and peaches .
beck smiles , sitting it in front of our platter of cooked rabbit meat , nuts , and fruit pieces .
abby took some fruit punch from the drinks table and handed a cup to mark .
she ran down the stairs and grabbed some fruit from the bowl on the table .
i spin on the spot to see old mrs . cromarty chatting with one of her girlfriends in front of a fruit vendor , inspecting apples , oranges , and melons , placing them in burlap totes .
my anger boils and i whip about to see traylor , my obnoxious little brother , smiling devilishly and attempting to hide the rest of the rotten fruits and vegetables he has in his hands .
using a kit in his pack and a few juicy fruits he finds in the jungle , he creates a thick paste , grayish , that dries quickly in clumps , adhering to our unblemished skin like face paint .
he 's talking about mine and traylor 's disguises.altair made more of that grayish fruit paste and applied it to our faces .
instantly , i feel the dried fruit and mud paste crack against my skin , falling away .
theo filled his with dried fruit from the fondue station , and felix chose to top his bag up with nuts and seeds .
she made louisa read to me the story of tantalus , who fed his son to the gods in attempt to please them , and then was condemned to a life of starvation in tartarus , where he was chained to a tree filled with luscious fruit which he could not reach , and standing in a pool of water that was only slightly too shallow for him to drink .
as i attacked felix , someone started pelting me with strawberries from the fruit platter .
i spun to find ellina giggling and holding the fruit .
that meal is avery roses favourite , said the screen , but there must also be a side salad and a fruit platter for dessert .
might i suggest that you leave the table before the fruit is served ?
it contained a sandwich wrapped in plastic , a bag of chips , a cup of sliced fruit and a bottle of water .
i was bruised like a month old fruit .
ivy said , you make quite a couple , one of you balding and nearly burnt black , and the other slashed to ribbons and bruised like a month old fruit .
no vegetables and fruits for us , samuel chipped in .
no one said fruit ca nt make a breakfast hearty .
zarius went to the sideboard and made a plate of fruits and cereal for piri .
i ve also got some fruit for you and some small but fresh fish .
even though dembe usually lived off the landthe fish he caught , small animals he hunted and the fruit and vegetables he grewhe had a fair bit of money on hand .
i experienced a strong communion with the long - lived nature of the local flora ; maybe the solitary and contorted olive tree where selfish lovers had carved their names had been giving fruit when the parthenon was still painted .
she shrugged and then reached for the bowl of fruit on the table .
elios relaxed then , and new scents inundated the room , citrus fruit zest and freshly cut mimosa .
eventually , i d moved up to driver , hauling fruit and vegetables all over the pacific northwest .
and because heaven on earth was destroyed by eve , who ate the forbidden fruit , all women must take their place behind men !
my stomach puts in a request for food , so i head toward the large fruit display , wanting to get something quick for a snack .
friday i place my plate of quiche , fruit salad , and fresh - baked scones on the patio table next to chloe .
stefi asked after swallowing a mouthful of a purple peach - like fruit indigenous to the area that the furosans called a yuje .
i m gon na get some fruit to go with breakfast .
just then ifaut bounded up with a crash and tripped over her own feet , sending her armful of wild fruit tumbling into the dust before falling on top of it .
mrs . fitzgibbon had also brought some homemade jam and sliced fruit .
mrs . fitzgibbon had left a bowl of fruit and muffins on the table .
after eating my fruit and cereal , i started looking for my mother .
in fact , i was so busy mulling over my problem that i did nt manage to catch the vicars attention and ask him about the church registry until the fruit and cheese were being served .
sandwiches , cheese and fruit had been left for me on the sideboard .
there s even a table outside filled with fresh shining fruit and vegetables .
i approach the fruit stand and the fresh , sweet smell of citrus fills the air for a split second , then the air changes to nauseatingly rancid , almost putrid .
once he found this forbidden fruit 's flavour unfavourable , alejandro discovered the ultimate televised feast : spy movies !
a few moments later , in english he announced , ` ` dates they are a fruit . ''
you have not tried this fruit before .
alejandro grabbed his backpack , packed fruit , water , and his notepad in it ; added a flashlight and his trusty camera ; and then , burst out the door feeling confident .
once returned to his hotel suite , sven drank black coffee , and ate some fruit and nuts .
besides , jonsen was nt totally perfect , he had a very noticeable smell , almost like canned fruit , it was awful .
the palmer smell was everywhere , the canned fruit .
a white linen fruit breakfast overlooking the pyramids on a perfect day .
i went to the grocery store and bought boxes of vegetables and super fruits : kale , spinach , avocados , tomatoes , blue berries , red peppers .
its funny , all the crazy drug binges , drunk driving without a seat belt , sleeping with 36 guys , and who knows what else , not washing her fruit , abortions .
piles of pre - cut fresh fruit in every color of the rainbow .
i also had a little love affair going on with the sweet pink juice made from quant fruit .
like you re the last piece of forbidden fruit in the bowl .
normally she loved the sweet , pink fruit , but for some reason , earlier shed been unable to stomach any food .
a few boring days later , i d just finished my small portion of a sweet fruit they had given us .
there was fresh fruit in the kitchen and pop in the fridge .
including the fruit trees .
sara always has a little present for him , a piece of fruit or some smoked meat .
but the roads themselves have all been replaced by green spaces : vegetable gardens , fruit trees , small parks .
in the food store we buy flour plus dried fruit , strips of dried meat , nuts , biscuits , chocolate , instant noodles and so on .
a myriad of fruit trees and evergreens spread around her and offered privacy from neighbors .
she s a big fan of fruit salad , blueberry pancakes and loves raspberry tea .
eliza chooses a burger , fries , a brownie , and a diet coke and i opt for a buffalo chicken salad and fruit punch .
in exchange for firewood , the family would be able to trade for fruit and vegetables plus manufactured goods that could n't make it to the kootenays from the coast .
he always sold out , but it might be noon before a turned - away customer would show up with a sheepish look on his face and the required baskets of fruit on his back .
fruit and other produce had to be stored away in their giant root cellar .
strong drinks can be created from fruit , and the okanagan 's wines and ciders were known widely .
these people were essentially farmers but their crops were fruit .
the boys were cutting trees again and hoping to trade for more fruit and vegetables before summer was over .
they had completed three trips into the okanagan the previous week , so the fruit and vegetables were very fresh .
when they were done setting up camp , everyone enjoyed eating sandwiches , chips , carrot sticks , and fruit .
the elves call it fruit of the forest .
they were talking to mica and willow and passing around what looked like packets of dried fruit and smoked fish .
hardly a minute ago the trees were alive and some with luscious looking fruit .
no creature stirred in the field as i crossed it , making for the trees ; the stars twinkled down at me , smiling , and the moon beamed full and ripe , like a fruit ready to be picked .
there were heaps of berries , fruits , and vegetables , alongside bowls of shelled nuts and grains .
i had nt realized how hungry i was until i d entered the hall , but even that paled in comparison to the overwhelming joy of eating the fruit , berries , roots , nuts and tubers that had been chopped up and stuffed into the bowl until it was almost overflowing .
the sweet , sugary juice of the fruit rolled down my chin as i ate ; the nuts crunched between my back molars , releasing a strong bitter - savory taste ; and the cool water in the cups washed down my throat and eased tension from my body as if i were a wet cloth being wrung out .
faolan went through his fruit first .
the ilyn had now fed me twice in the same night the best food i d ever eaten fresh fruit with honey drizzled over it ; honey !
the humid heat in which we d woken had again faded somewhat , and the cold had condensed the water in the air , making the drops look like ripe fruit hanging from the trees of the tall grass stalks .
it depicted a scene of trees and a rushing river , the moon high above , like a fat , ripe fruit , dead - center in the sky .
iteilyn led us to the same one we d eaten in since our arrival our large bowls of roots , berries , nuts , and fruit were all full and waiting , the honey drizzled over them shining in the silvery light that came from the glowing stone set in the ceiling of the chamber .
it was the same as every other day roots and leaves , berries and fruit , honey and nuts .
i looked forward to the food , which now came in a few varieties , though always in a root vegetable , fruit , and nuts combination .
soon i was back in the hall with a bowl full of the usual fruit , roots , nuts , and honey , but with a slice of freshly cooked meat as well .
there was even a selection of fruit juices laid on for the children , which ben stuck to after the previous nights activities .
someone brought an assortment of fruit for nomi which she devoured .
the round fruit withered like they were being drained of all their moisture , shriveling into dried husks right before coltons eyes .
he let the energy he had taken from the fruit at the produce stand move into the homeless manit felt like someone was pulling a strand of yarn from the tip of each finger .
did you think they d be serving fruit punch ?
the bounty of harvest , the grape - vine wreaths , the lush fruit wines , the rich honey .
thank you , she choked out , taking the fruit .
the small room was lined with wall to ceiling shelves , filled with a variety of breads , cheeses , dried meats , and fruits .
i pray the seeds planted tonight fall on good ground and bear fruit in our lives .
if we allow ungodly thoughts to remain in our hearts , if we cultivate them and rearrange our environment so that they can grow , when the harvest comes and those seeds bear fruit , god will not hear you .
god will not get rid of the fruit if you re not willing to uproot the seeds .
for he shall be like a tree planted by the waters , which spreads out its roots by the river , and will not fearwhen heat comes ; but its leaf will be green , and will not be anxious in the year of drought , nor will cease from yielding fruit .
he lived in a small apartment above the fruit and vegetable shop .
she looked up at the nearest tree and saw oval fruits on its branches .
her hunger immediately returned , and she plucked a handful of fruits .
she concluded with a description of the fertile valley she had found , with its lake and grass and trees and fruits .
on the table was an empty plate waiting for her to fill it with the loads of food on the table : bacon , eggs , pancakes , a fruit mix , a box of cereal , milk , orange juice .
katie opened the bag lucinda packed and pulled out four sandwiches two bananas two waters and two fruit cups .
he came back down with two pieces of strange - looking fruit .
but you ll never taste anything like the fruit from a clutzia tree .
selena watched as titus sunk his teeth into the fruits skin , groaning with pleasure as the ruby red juice spilled over his fingers .
selena shrugged and brought the fruit to her lips .
the sweetness danced on her tongue and the meat of the fruit provided a feeling of fullness that selena did not expect .
i m full from just that one piece of fruit !
as titus lowered his head toward hers again , selena wrapped her arms around his neck and surrendered to the warmth of his mouth and the sweetness of the clutzia fruit on his tongue .
then there were the desserts ; more of the nuts dusted with cinnamon , tiny tartlets dotted with fresh cream , and a variety of fruit that selena had never seen or heard of .
when her fingers closed around a plump clutzia fruit , her eyes met titus and the two shared a private laugh over memories of their first kiss .
just like in the palace , tons of roasted meat , nuts , fruits , decadent sauces and desserts overflowed and wine and cider spilled from wooden casks .
the meat was rich , the sauces spicy and flavorful , and the fruit sweet .
titus shrugged and reached for the fruit bowl across from them .
he held up a deep purple clutzia fruit and grinned , putting a blush in selenas cheeks .
she pulled back and accepted the other half of the clutzia fruit , taking her time and savoring its sweetness in a way she had nt been able to savor titus kiss .
while people still nibbled on nuts and fruit , or sipped their wine here and there , everyone was focused on the acrobats and jugglers , who had taken center stage with their alarmingly entertaining spectacles .
i mean , nowhere in my world is fruit as sweet as it is here .
should she eat fruit loops or granola ?
some with fruit hanging from overburdened branches , also herbs and flowers .
the red meat tasted the same as the noodles with soup , which tasted the same as the orange fruit .
i left them to pack up , announcing that i wanted to collect a few things for the walk , some nuts and fruit i had seen growing a few hundred meters away .
you scared me , i sighed as i moved to the tree to collect the fruit .
i started to teach joseph about the different fruits and nuts we needed to store .
the others filtered in from the forest with various handfuls of nuts and fruit , tumbling them into a blanket by the fireplace .
are you transporting any fruit ?
glancing over the meal she brought , his eyes caught on the little fruits on her desk .
picking up one of the citrus fruits , she split open the peel to reveal the cute , little pieces inside , and held the whole thing out for him to take .
darien stopped when his eyes fell on the two little fruits .
laying it across his desk , he tore into the fruit he had been playing with .
darien popped a piece of the fruit in his mouth .
i brought some warm soup and fresh fruit .
actually , i did nt know which of them you liked more , so i did a fruit salad , this way you can pick what you want and leave the ones you do nt .
or if you want something else like another fruit salad , with less melon , no pineapple and a lot more strawberries and peaches , i can do it .
yes , they are my very favorite fruits , but i m good for now , thanks .
i took some fruit for the road ( its good for you ) , and said a quick goodbye to dad before we headed out the door .
but even higher there were othersdarker , slimmer , hanging like rotting fruit .
while enjoying salads and fruit , the girls asked aunt emma about the town .
a gold - framed , antique painting of a fruit bowl hung over the fireplace .
where were the kin sisters who had toiled under the sun on the upper slopes gathering their fruit and vegetables , the mothers who had washed their clothes in snake creek , the smoke from the chimneys , the yelping of children ?
the foul stench of the dark fruit made her eyes tear .
on the dot , an entourage of saudi nobles in suits filled our room bringing typical sickroom gifts of fruit , magazines , and fresh clothing for both of us .
the big basket of fruit was from dads peers at the senate .
the two new ones came and picked out some chocolate and fruit , offered to give me a sponge bath , which i politely declined .
it had vegetables and an occasional fruit plant .
the walls were pink and decorated with pictures of vines bearing all kinds of fruit .
on the ceiling were pictures of little winged naked babies , fruits and other foods , and clouds with sunrays .
joyah had to duck a piece of rotten fruit .
one of the bundles of fruit was in her reach , and she popped some in her mouth .
what s the red fruit in that basket ?
it was filled with an assortment of fruit , but joyah could nt see the red one .
the other kids yelled out all the names of red fruit they could think of .
there was a whole turkey , mashed potatoes , gravy , some meat that they said was mountain goat meat , boiled vegetables covered in gooey cheese , and a bowl filled with sweet smelling fruit joyah did nt recognize .
joyah looked distastefully at her food as she thought longingly for the rice , duck , and fruits of the guild of angels .
i need to take these fruits to my hut .
kate put her fruit into one of the containers .
the dainty white paint on the walls accentuated by meticulously chosen framed paintings of fruits , the glass cupboard with exquisite china ware , the shiny white flooring , the rectangle dining table made of glass with six leather hi - back chairs .
well , he was thankful that the forest produced different kinds of fruit growing trees .
it is glorious , and as always the trees are covered in the shiny red fruit .
he always had a pot , some herbs , barley for drink , dried beef , fruit , bread and cheese in his saddle bags in case of emergencies .
basil , adventures with magic just are nt the thing , he commented as he reached for the warmed pastries , the fruit and cheese .
malin gathered meat , bread , and fruit and placed it in a pouch along with a canteen of water .
i swallow to savor the forbidden fruit .
i enveloped her , wrapping around her waist and inhaling her scent and drowning in her soft hair , the scent of fruit and spring filling me completely .
they were my favorite fruit but not anymore .
something large came out of her throat , like an entire wedge of fruit or a half of a cookie .
i did nt like it that they show off what they can do to me just because they can it makes the tag unborn stick like a fruit fly dancing around a rotten berry .
i walked faster , hiding behind the large boxes of garments and crates of fruits and vegetables in the market .
i took one and bit on it , tasting the sour and sweet combination of the juice and revelling in the crunchy fruit .
but here , its like they were fruits coming from the same tree .
but if it will be as simple as a pebble , a rock , some fruits , play with a trees branch , then it will be a breeze .
in a few minutes , my mother returned carrying a tray of fresh fruits .
now , all i need is the fresh fruit juice and my strength will be back .
fourteen scantily clothed women entered the wooden basin to dance atop the grapes so that their feet could crush the fruits .
the dried fish surrounded by fresh tropical fruits looked strange to mina , but she found everything delicious .
whilst they sat and ate their breakfast of bread and dried , fruit lucas explained his idea to lizzie .
he sat down opposite her on the bed and held out a large bowl filled with fruit .
come on then , girlie , lucas teased as they started hitting each other until amidst the laughter and the strewn fruit they collapsed onto the bed out of breath .
here i brought you some fruit , he said , lifting lizzie up and placing her onto his knees .
mac nodded , but the haunted look on his face told lizzie he was nt so sure , and they fell into a hushed silence as lizzie ate the fruit mac had brought her .
she slowly stretched out her cramped legs and took out the remains of her food which she ate gratefully , the taste of the fruit reminding her of the safety she had felt in macs arms , and she suddenly realised it did nt matter where the other tunnel led .
knowing it will now cost us twice as much , we reduce our dairy products and increase our fruit intake instead .
i do nt mind this change in diet because i like fruits .
zacky gave me nuts and dried fruits .
i exhale studying the forest thickly rich with tall over story trees , bright hanging fruit , green leaves , and pretty colorful wildflowers .
the war had destroyed the homes , the buildings , the farm equipment , the crop land , the fruit trees , and the hope for both the fairies and the humans .
your house is next to mine sorta by a few miles of fruit trees , food crops , and unicorn patties but your house is the circle .
i live in the country with the fruit trees , the wildflower meadows , and green grazing pastures .
anything from fruits to carved rosaries , to homemade beauty products .
the spiders eyes are at the end of each branch , which passersby might mistake for a juicy fruit and grab to their own detriment .
what is your favorite fruit , brandy ?
what is your favorite fruit , brandy wendell ?
why is kiwi your favorite fruit ?
flower pedals and fruit seeds .
it was like watching fruit dry .
stanton discovered a lonely packet of ginger biscuits in one cupboard and emptied the fruit bowl of its contents , 2 apples , 3 bananas and a pear .
yolanda took me to her root cellar and parked me firmly on a wooden crate of some bottled fruit or vegetable .
she dumped her fries , mac and cheese and fruit into the trash along with the bun and veggies .
it extended outward , wavering in the air like deadly fruit by the foot , its eyes fixed on eric .
it was a large cornucopia , with various fruits cascading out of it .
the meal was excellent , a real gourmet spread roast beef sandwiches on buttery croissants , assorted cheeses , and plenty of fresh fruit .
there were a few cartons of juice on ice , platters full of donuts , muffins , bagels , and slices of bread , and a few bowls filled with fruit .
furthermore , as amazed as peyton was by the sheer size of the tree , how the top - most leaves were far too high for her to see , how the circumference of the trunk was like standing in front of the empire state building , peyton was also astonished to see there was fruit growing from the branches .
she has cared for this tree and its fruit for as long as anyone can remember .
tartarus takes them to face their punishment and eve , well those who know not to take the fruit , eve will reward .
then the smell of fruit and the faint sound of lemon pips was before me again .
ill lie down and rest for a few minutes then i m be peachy keen and other happy fruit flavors , snarling with another heartburn attack .
jess enjoys eating meats , fruits and especially desserts in the form of any chocolate just like her mother .
united asia is egypt , saudi arabia which host not oil but fruit .
i pass the first group of dignities , delegates , aids , and body guards surrounding and attacking the food tables of meats , vegetables , fruits and desserts .
dried fruits hung from the ceiling .
rhen scowled at the closed door before reaching to grab a piece of ripe fruit .
he walked back to the desk , grabbing another piece of fruit before crashing onto the bed again .
for the first time since i have been here , i see children , presumably belonging to the servants , their faces dirty and small looking up at me , there is a little boy close to the front of the room with what appears to be fruit punch stains on his face .
i turn around to walk back towards the apartment building and immediately the little boy with the fruit punch stained lips steps in front of me , he has the most angelic smile on his face and i stoop down to his level to shake his hand my names ilyana .
as laborers , my father and i are fortunate to have such great jobs since working in the oil rigs off the coasts , sorting trash , harvesting fruits and vegetables , or laboring in sweatshops are the norm .
i think most people would use a room like this as a fruit cellar , but obviously sydneys mom has other things to store .
the hallway leads down to some kind of large fruit cellar , but were not going that way .
scar rolled out of the way , just as frey stroke her invisible blow , breaking the vase on top of the table , and slashed a painting of simple fruit position .
a little boy dressed in plain t - shirt and jeans sneaked past three ladies , who were busy picking an apple from the fruit stand .
when there seemed little more to say , the meeting broke up and stave set out a lunch of cold meats , bread and dried fruit .
small , tasty looking , yellow fruit hung from many of its branches .
ah , breakfast , sorren said , eyeing the tray of warm cinnamon bread , fruit , and truddleberry juice .
sorren interrupted , munching on fruit .
steam rose from it and sorren inhaled its warm exotic scent , a citrus perhaps , like some sort of strange fruit .
bread , fruit , nuts .
he slowly turned his hand this way and that , examining how his silver fingers clutched the fruit .
* * * sorren walked to the other side of the colorful bonfire , where baskets of bread , bowls of fruits , cups of rice , and a large dish of steaming rire meat had been set out on narrow tables .
she woke the next morning in the dank cellar wearing the same gown shed worn to the funeral , surrounded by dusty jars of fruit preserves and stacks of old newspapers , nursing the worst hangover shed ever had .
you almost look like the fruit lady who has all the produce on her head .
as soon as i m dressed , anthony returns with a tray of bagels and fruit .
layla brings in a silver tray filled with pancakes , fruits , english muffins , orange juice , milk , tea and four different types of cheese .
he was particularly enjoying these fruit that reminded him of grapes , only harder , and larger .
the rest of the dinner followed suit with the grape incident , which , thomas was to later learn was called a ' seta fruit ' .
thomas had given her a healthy portion of fish as well as some fresh cut fruit , placed in a bowl to the side .
i ' m not sure about the fruit .
she was just about done the last of the hollief fruit when thomas came back in .
he did his best to trap wild game , fish , and look for fruit in the wilderness .
then there were several different types of fruit , a few different styles of omelettes , and juice as well as something that tasted suspiciously like coffee .
the dark and light sides divide a line parting the middle like a piece of fruit which i ate for dinner .
moro , another second prime puts fruit bits inside his crunchers imitating his rat - thing cousins when they visit from their home of dihe outpost three .
he feeds on leaves , nuts , grass seeds , and fruit .
teeger enjoys adding salt or sugar depending on thanes sweet or tart verbal remark in the public meeting for his terror and tickles since the leoaeus - species only eat meat , particularly fond of zebra - like organs not stinky plants , or sweet fruits .
there s plenty of fruits and wildlife for food .
the meat is eaten with an orange tangy sauce swimming over the lavender juicy tender meat when fire - stoved along with varied colored numerous fruits and greens .
the slider goal , eat all the fruit during the sun and moon times until its ready to pop .
ya got ta love that the ancient dihe tribal members could nt read but grunt and finger paint their fit bodies with vivid fruit bush berry juices of red , blue , green , and yellow .
another goblin brought bread and dried fruit for lunch .
anyway , my night was boring , carley said , grabbing an apple from the fruit bowl and sitting on the counter while i finished the dishes .
confused , i looked down on my hand and saw a mango fruit .
i looked at my hand and saw a sampaloc fruit .
there s fruit peels and such on the ground , and sometimes a stray dog or two wanderin about .
eggs , sausage , warm oatcakes with some delightful sort of syrup , and three kinds of fresh fruit from the palace greenhouse .
i bought some bread and fruit as soon as i got into almar .
i d never say to those mountain folk , come help yourself to my garden vegetables or fruit without paying for them .
but we have a kitchen plot with vegetables and fruit trees that my wife and daughters care for while i m tending the coffee .
there are fruit trees and winding paths all through the garden , with marble sculptures and carved stone benches scattered here and there .
how about buyin me some coffee and a fruit pastry , and then ill answer em .
here she was , still living with her parents , and lying to her fiance that she was waiting for the right time , when actually , she had long tasted the forbidden fruit .
he instead directs his anger onto the fruit cake .
reys cup of berries and more had melted into a fruit and milk soup .
my room overlooked the central courtyard where flowers and fruits and vegetables were grown .
jahir and i stuffed ourselves with fruit until we had no more room in our bellies .
as i reached the bottom of the stairs , i noticed the whole first floor was decorated in gorgeous blooming flowers and tables topped with clay bowls that were filled with a colorful array of fruits and vegetables .
from baskets of exotic fruit to the most exquisite pieces of jewelry , these were expensive and rare items that only people of our class could afford at the time .
we had a huge feast prepared for the guests including fresh bread , lamb , fruits like figs and apples , vegetables , and of course beer and wine .
it was blooming with flowers and fruit trees .
our backyard was filled with fruit trees , grass , flowers and a vegetable garden .
there were flowers , large fruit trees and candles placed throughout the yard .
he strode into the kitchen , impossibly large bare feet slapping against the tiles , and snagged a banana out of the fruit bowl .
drews 3rd grade bowl of fruit had won 1st place in the idaho state contest for art composition .
its actually fruit from a bois darc tree .
he learned what the trees and their fruit looked like , and thought about the trees growing along his own creek .
they were nt fit for humans to eat , although cows would eat the fruit and sometimes the leaves of the tree .
win win left town and rode slowly toward home , thinking all the while about bois darc trees and their strange fruit .
this , believe it or not , is a basket of fruits and vegetables .
toby looked dubiously at his bowl and saw some cut - up fruit that looked kind of like peach with some milk poured over the top .
jake picked up a platter of chicken sandwiches and a fruit salad .
fortified with cheese , crackers , and fruit , they all trooped out to the oven .
take her to dinner and make sure she eats lots of fruits and vegetables .
by the time they joined me in the dining hall i had already picked a table toward the front of the room and started in on my dinner of vegetable soup , fruit salad , and pizza .
nice job , i said through a mouthful of fruit salad .
yeah , fruit juice powder but there s something else , something i ca nt name .
you stole fruit from mrs . cobblers perch ?
there were leather goods wallets , purses , bags , hats ; spices ; cloth great multi - coloured bolts being cut to order ; heaps of fruit which spilled , here and there , into the squares and roads ; dried meats hanging and smelling sharply from hooks .
harry had settled on a confection which , judging from the illustration , would test even him , with its five flavours of ice cream , fresh fruit , cream and chocolate sauce , when the rhythm of the afternoon somehow shifted .
half a minute later , will stood on the floor beneath the skylight , surrounded by fruit boxes , barrels and various pieces of machinery .
the cost eighteen thousand dollars , us seemed a trifle excessive for a fruit delivery .
but then the fruit crates will had used as a ladder did not contain peaches .
but harry was not interested in the fruit .
they tucked into pan - fried plantain with ginger and sugar , cold meats and warm rolls , spiced with mustard sambal , and mountains of fresh fruit .
you see , the greengage is a fruit a beautiful natural thing .
but i do n't think it would be very healthy for you to only have a fruit and sugar diet .
what else is there , we have fruit in our packs but i need something warm , stephen complained .
it sprouted many new ways , it burgeoned with new , spiritual fruit .
she did nt know anyone on any of the long tables that had been set out in the hall , laden with all manner of meats , vegetables , berries and fruits .
prytani sensed that she was becoming drowsy , causing her to briefly suspect that nechtan might have slipped a dose of the serpent potion into the fruit and berry drinks she had limited herself to .
it was a pancakes , eggs , fruits , juice , and sweet potatoes .
i walked through the door the smell of fresh eggs , waffles , fruits , and grits hit my face like an uppercut .
as i made my way to the kitchen my mother had a fruit medley going on with mangos , strawberries , blueberries , grapes , all types of melons , and kiwi .
and i loved fruit it gave me great energy to get started the day , it helped keep me focused .
bilal said i am interested to see if the fruit is rotten bilal .
no painting fruit bowls or copying the masters .
one of big d 's goons sits three tables down from jetta 's , and propped next to him is the only painting of a fruit bowl in the whole show .
instead of fruit , this painting has weird grotesque shapes .
i keep my eyes trained on the grotesque , ugly , misshapen fruit .
when you guys were there , the mascot was a toucan holding a fruit drink .
there s soda , iced tea , lemonade , and fruit punch , said malawi .
as the days passed and the greatest hit drew closer , sleep became elusive and doubt hovered about like an annoying fruit fly .
next , my eyes focused on the jar , much like a fruit canning jar , dangling from its belt .
mom had made my favorite breakfast : bacon and eggs , biscuits and gravy , with an assortment of fruits and juices .
there 's a dozen other distilleries dotted around the country , all making a product sold behind the label ' mctavish ' from various sugar sources corn , barley , fruit .
finally , as dessert of some sort of milk pudding and a strange canned fruit was served , jumoke asked a different question which stirred the feelings of unease that she had kept out of her mind all day .
there was a platter of food , with some sorts of fruits and nuts .
the next day , nwanyi found a small piece of fruit in her room .
her first thought was that the gift was some sort of test , and that she would be in trouble if she actually ate the fruit .
and most of your fruits and vegetables taste like cardboard . ''
so far his face held more fruit than his stomach , and she had to laugh at the orange pulp covering his chubby cheeks .
so , after eating some of the dried fruit from his pack , he cautiously felt his way inside .
he had a good store of dried duck - meat and fruits from rosas garden , apricots and raisins and nuts ( and the rosehips ) , and there was dry wood in the ancient straggly firs that clung to the mountainsides .
and he ate some dried fruits and nuts , and threw the seeds down the mountainside .
this fruit of your true love will be a child of the faerie isle , and will walk in faerie .
there were extra large diapers , rattles , bonnets and pacifiers for adult babies , they carried a line of furry underwear , crotchless underwear , edible underwear , assless chaps , regular cock - rings and cock - rings with vibrating clitoral stimulators , they had cock - socks , ball - cozies , free - standing rubber vaginas , magic fingers electric panties , edible body paint , glow in the dark body paint , paint on latex , ben - wa balls , french ticklers , dental dams , nipple tassels , sex swings , lubes and oils including some that came in fruit flavors and a brand that warmed on contact .
perhaps there was more to her his stretching routine complete , the young man tightened his laces and took off down the path in the direction of his condo where , upon arriving , he d fix a nutritious fruit smoothie and grab a quick shower .
he set up a napkin , filling it with cooked grains , dried fruits , and beef jerky .
knocking first , malec stepped into the room with a tray full of cut fruits .
yeah , if justines forbidden fruit for me patrick ?
speaking of fruits , patrick thought irritably .
with elegance beyond her youth , she would give each one a small portion of fruit and one of her intoxicating smiles , sending the beaming child scurrying away as if given the greatest prize on earth .
therefore , if we use carls eloquent pioneer people analogy , we can infer that the tree of knowledge , whose fruit adam and eve are tempted into eating by the serpent , is actually a metaphor for the passing on of knowledge from an ancient civilisation to the lesser mortals who followed .
then the serpent convinces eve to eat the fruit of the tree of knowledge , after it tells her she wo nt die as god said she would , and will gain the knowledge of good and evil if she does .
god does nt want adam and eve to be educated , so he lies about the fruit killing them ; because it does nt .
being able to manipulate the tree allows its owner to live forever through the correct use of the star fire stone , which the priests of ra still mistakenly believe is the fruit of the tree itself .
it shows you are blessed amongst the people of the lands and that in his grace , all your fruits will come to harvest .
did they waste their time removing all the smashed pots and rotted fruit husks that should have been stacked from floor to ceiling ?
on the table were baskets of fruits , breads , and sweet meats , enough for forty men .
he ran to the table , picked up a bowl of sweet meats , one of fruit , two of bread , slung a jar of water under his arm , and vacated the room as soon as he could .
must i order you to partake of the fruits of our harvest ?
she tried to smile as she approached us but it looked broken and twisted as if she had been sucking on some bitter fruit .
local markets sold all the fruit and vegetables available in greengrocers in the uk , and not just the stuff you associate with asia , which you can even pick up in supermarkets here now so that side of things was ok . of course they also sold all sorts of other stuff you could nt even put a name to .
they read : stage 1 clue km 6.6 one teams fruit menu , re - organised as a rule , is expressed digitally to reveal top of the world .
one teams fruit menu must be something you can shed some light on , kev .
bob was hoping kevins knowledge of food extended to include fruit .
its one teams fruit menu re - organised ; i think its an anagram ; give me a minute , interjected jason , who was already scribbling onto a piece of notepaper .
juiced - up fruit bats were taking their usual bearings for home and bossy roosters were clearing their throats over the usual lie - abed hens .
the tree is known by its fruit !
* * * i had no ideas about investigating anyones fruit , but it was clear that that discussion was over .
princess fruit loop , more like !
do nt just stand there , dale , like a wingless fruit fly !
planting the fruit trees and stirring up bordeaux mixture , the first strawberries , mulching and tending the asparagus beds , building the greenhouse onto the barn , experimenting with different kinds of compost bins , saving seeds , building the sunroom on the house for marges studio , the pain of overhearing walter and arthur complain to marge about their neanderthal lifestyle , the boys leaving for vanderbilt , walter first , and arthur the next year .
they stopped by a large tree and each picked a large piece of fruit .
when we talk about it , we would nt say that the roots gave us this fruit , although without them , the tree would not grow this delicious starfuit .
craning , it pulled a drupelet from the ripe fruit .
fruits and vegetables covered in the sweetest glazes imaginable .
it is the fruit of the vines that cover these hillsides .
i eat a piece of fruit and my body releases the energy contained in the bonds of that fruit .
i eat a piece of fruit and my body releases the energy contained in the bonds of that fruit .
they were crouched , with heads pressed low to the ground , pushing baskets of fruit before them .
its scales glistened in the sun as it sat warming itself , eating a piece of the succulent - looking , purplish fruit .
can i offer you a piece of fruit , my lady ?
i could nt until i discovered this tree and its powerful fruit .
the serpent 's tail coiled around one of the larger fruits , pulled it free , and lowered it to within reach of the woman .
uh , i was told not to eat that fruit , she answered .
well i am living proof there is no harm in this fruit .
on the contrary , it is the most powerful fruit here .
its fruit was corrupted by the effects of chaos .
do you need permission to eat a piece of fruit ?
slowly , she reached out her hand and touched the fruit .
trust me , whoever warned you against eating this fruit is just afraid of what you will become .
meat , salads , cheese , fruit , nuts , and of course wine !
he never came back while klava was in hospital with kira , though he sent fruit and delicatessens with his adjutant , so that nobody could accuse him of being inattentive to his wife and daughter .
she bribed the nurse and treated all the patients of the room to chocolates and fruit , and was finally left alone with svetlana .
kira gave him some fruit and tea , and then left for the beach , reassured about his state of health .
the dinner was followed with fruit .
there were flowers and fruit and cold drinks , and they were taken to sochi in a cool well ventilated volga car .
strong aromas permeated the airfish , hot bread , stewing beans , spices , fruits , goat and llama dung .
only a half - dozen grapevines , laden with fruit not quite ripe , climbed lazily over the stone wall .
ogra gathered some fruit , bread and fish and followed them in .
it carried spices and wool into mu and fruits and incense back to atlan .
* * after morning lessons of mathematics , physics and botany , atel and ketzah stopped to eat at midday , preparing their table with bread , fruit , cheese and grape juice .
fruit trees grew on the groundsapricot , orange and pomegranateand he cared for them .
please , refresh yourself , she said at last , gesturing to a tray of tea , fruit , fish and flatbread .
but perhaps a bit of fruit and tea ...
he swallowed the fruit .
as the men set up a table and chairs in the yard , medra and finah brought out wine , bread , roast fowl and fresh fruit .
he worked his way slowly among his family , a tray of fruit and bread in his arms , allowing the initiates to take the light repast .
the bread was too dry , the fruit sticky , the tea tepid .
thedar brought them each a wooden mug of cool water mixed with chopped fruit .
how good it would be to have a fruit drink to sip , to stroll in her garden .
like a child who s eaten too much fruit , earth must get the gas out of her system .
i strolled in as if it were fruit stand and immediately started flirting with the attractive sales girl .
i try to recall the days when it may have evoked a comfortable feeling of predictability ; but now i find it too obscure a memory , too distant and tainted ; i stare at it in an attempt to make it real -- the sharp green hedges and sleek white fences marking boundaries , lush and blossoming fruit trees dropping petals and spotting well - manicured lawns , tall stemmed dahlias top heavy and leaning against sides of chimneys like frail birds , miniature roses thorny and blood - red languishing on trellises , sharp gleaming metal of bikes and scooters and pogo sticks tipped onto their sides , stray balls adrift , rolling along like tumbleweeds in some phantom breeze .
sometimes when we go to the grocery store she will arrange the cans on the shelf or the fruits and vegetables to make them look prettier .
nearly every other bit of space would be occupied with street vendors , selling everything under the sun from fruit , meals and snacks , to pirated copies of the latest films .
wil bought fresh fruit and cooked for himself on a small gas burner in his caravan , and searched around the caravan park , and the caravan park down the street , for some accommodation more comfortable .
a place where a hammock could be strung between two coconuts and its occupant perched over a flowing river , music floating through the breezes , tropical fruit on hand , and a bar and restaurant nearby .
he gave the man probably too much money and some lychee fruit he had in his shoulder bag .
he 'd take to an early morning walk on the beach , followed by a quick dip into the surf ; then some breakfast , yogurt , fruit juice , and pieces of fruit being placed in a bowl , enjoyed with a toasted slice of whole - grain bread ; being on a real health kick .
he 'd take to an early morning walk on the beach , followed by a quick dip into the surf ; then some breakfast , yogurt , fruit juice , and pieces of fruit being placed in a bowl , enjoyed with a toasted slice of whole - grain bread ; being on a real health kick .
wil fell into a daily routine , one which included his walk along the beach each morning , his yoga , and fruit bowl mix at breakfast , coffee and talking to people in the park , walking up into town to the local iga for groceries , beer stocks and australian wine .
a sense of harmony and connectedness was prevailing , the burning of incense , ceremony , images of the shrine , fruit and flowers , food , colour , chatter in the background and the sun cast overhead .
fruits and nuts from trees , domestic water fowl , and many varieties of fish provide a free diet , yet the increase in population requires systematic agriculture .
reflecting upon the significance of this change , he composed , for himself , two thousand years before the birth of zen , the first koan ; spring does not become summer , blossoms do not become fruit ; how can one come to a new point of view ?
; just like a deer that lives in the forest when it sees a human being i fed my body on the fruit that fell from trees , from mosses , grass , even cow dung .
along the road away from the deer park , passing through groves of willow trees making beautiful shapes against the sky heavy with gray , making their way beyond the sugar cane , gotama and his followers encounter , hidden among the shadows of dark green fruit trees , a favorite haunt for the herds of spotted deer , a solitary youth sitting so quietly that the deer around him are not disturbed .
groves of oleander , hibiscus bushes in flower , citrus and guava orchards bearing fragrant fruit .
the soft cackling of a small flock of parrots sitting at the top eating the small red fruits caught his attention .
a girl stood eating fruit that not only appeared out of thin air but was air , carelessly tossing a banana peel to the floor .
oh , man , sparky found some gingko fruit .
at this time , poncey could not have found a more blissful and abundant oasis , and going there was like returning to forbidden fruit .
the buffet , or trough , was filled with such delicacies as fried chicken , pulled pork and pineapple hush puppies ( because oopsie figured fruit was healthy even deep fried ) .
you stink like like rotten fruit .
her husband had a very successful fruit export business in central america , thank you very much , and they were happy and wealthy until the ruling party of that country decided that the members of my grandfathers political party should not have a measurable pulse or blood pressure and my grandparents felt that maintaining their business was less important than maintaining their vital signs .
every morning since i first met him i saw him eat fruit , low sugar oatmeal sprinkled with trail mix and a glass of skim milk to keep his cholesterol and blood pressure down .
so , after some small talk , croissants , fruit , omelets , belgian waffles and coffee , i decided to get right to the point .
they traveled by night and rested and stayed hidden by day , finishing the meager food and water they had brought , and then stealing fruit out of yards to stave off hunger and thirst .
the young men and women were dolled up , sipping fruit drinks and flirting .
while walking down the stairs , i might have come by a woman carrying the tray of wheat pudding with dried nuts and fruits in cup , or heard some gossips of two young women .
unstable manhole cover is being fixed by a small lorry , and young women wearing head scarves rush for this lorry that is full of fruits .
i took some fruit juice , but it would be better if we had some tea .
before twenty years , we used to eat same thing with this man , with same little fruit juice boxes .
how can an eatable fruit be a name ?
they were my favourite fruit growing up .
you re going to eat good quality , organic fresh vegetables and fruit .
they have pre - cut veg , fresh - washed salad , prepared fruit .
her grandmother pulls one out of the line and heads straight for that fruit she was talking about .
she follows dutifully , her senses overwhelmed by the neat , geometric piles of natural colours red , yellow , green the smells of fruit and cheese and fresh fish , the cacophony of voices and shopping carts echoing off the hard , warm - coloured surfaces .
in the 1940s , when she was just seven years old , her mother took her into the jungle on the mainland to collect herbs , spices and fruits .
sogui served them fresh fruit drinks and traditional kuna snacks .
as the plane approached the northeastern u.s . border , the flight attendant woke the travelers for a home - style american breakfast of scrambled eggs , sausage , toast and fresh fruit .
i decided to get some tasty groceries like lobster and clams , and a good wine and cheese , and some exotic fruits for a start .
the corn flakes and fruit loops were stored in large clear plastic bins .
the fruit bowl , with grapes and different types of melon , looked like it had been sitting out a few days .
over a bowl of fruit loops , a glass of orange juice , and a cup of tea , he replayed the previous day .
he held out a packet of juicy fruit gum .
* * * sandwiches , juice and fruit having been consumed , the four of us assembled in the conference room and set our minds to answering the question why pick on josh ?
the meeting adjourned and , after a good deal of handshaking and best wishes , dee and i were left alone in the room with a tray of curling sandwiches and ripening fruit .
i smelled her perfume , a taut blend of fruit and acid , as i walked into the darkness towards my car .
the elms were the only trees in sight not bearing fruit .
she was an intelligent woman , with lots of curiosity , and she strove to learn every aspect of turning fruit into alcoholic beverage .
thankfully this lane was surrounded by a myriad of fruit trees .
on the pike mauer had seen many cherry trees , their limbs full of ripened fruit .
lying on his bed , a plate of fresh fruit beside him , darryl and adelle freshly showered and robed sitting close by , steve barton felt a shutter .
she found a banana in the fruit bowl and snapped off half of it , eating the piece in her hand , and the remaining half she left on the tv table .
ok . as i said before , you re borrowing twenty thousand dollars worth of kit , the optics alone account for almost five thousand dollars , but you can pick out a fruit fly on a tree branch half a mile away , depending on the weather conditions .
scott had ordered yoghurt , fresh fruit and pain au chocolat , to accompany his orange juice , whilst dci coombes was making headway through a full english breakfast .
she paused as she swilled some fruit punch around in her glass .
worst case , she could steam out , supposedly empty , on her way back to colombia for more fruit and java , and meet with another boat ; but every minute caruso sat in the harbor she was in jeopardy .
rosa sat at one of the quaint cafs with her daughter , cassandra , eating fresh fruit sorbet .
it had a delicate fruit , with a rich warm wholemeal - bisquit character , which , to me , is the essence of the finest claret , as it blossoms in the glass .
what fruits could it possibly bear ?
there was everything available they could wish for - fresh fruit , scrambled egg , grilled bacon , hash browns , waffles , - everything .
some small talk progressed over coffee and fruit juice .
isaacs voice is low , tempting ; he is suddenly lucifer promising the forbidden fruit .
for insecticides and other toxic chemical residues in vegetables , fruits , waters , meats and drinks we use instruments like mass spectrometry .
jessie 's had that , a hair brush , a change of clothes , blush and eye shadow , a percy jackson book , a bag of fruit loops , an additional pack of gum , and some nail polish .
before long , latianna returned with the picnic basket , full of sandwiches , strawberries and other various fruits , drinks , and a tad bit of chocolate for later that day .
the living room rear wall consisted of floor to ceiling windows with walk out french doors and a small patio and carefully manicured lawn edged with flowers , some fruit trees and small bushes .
on most days , breakfast was a piece of fruit , and lunch and dinner were peanut butter sandwiches , made with ingredients purchased at whatever gas station could provide them .
joey and jade picked at the fresh fruit from the buffet table , then went to their separate locker rooms .
it was huge , and served every kind of food imaginable : bacon , eggs , toast , english muffins , hash browns , and an assortment of other items like fruit and cereal and that was just the stuff monson recognized ; there were a host of foreign dishes he could nt even begin to name .
what a fruit cake .
monks of the monastery , perched on top of a cliff above the houses , came to the town market daily to exchange herbs , fruits , and pottery they had made for other goods .
walking up the tala'a he passed through the food markets ; stalls overflowing with baskets of dates , eggs , nuts , all manner of fresh fruit and vegetables .
one would still occasionally walk past a beauty parlor , a bakery or a simple pushcart selling fruit or nuts .
akmed benharoun sat in his friend 's apartment drinking a barely chilled coke and sampling some dried fruit from a plate .
when we returned to colombia , we were transferred to a new nongovernmental building above a large fruit and vegetable market .
occasionally they would pass a family of spider monkeys feeding on the ripe fruits close to the track .
its got lots , excuse the pun , of old fruit trees and a wonderful velvety red rose which is climbing all over the front veranda .
the group of clients had jumped at the remaining clues on top of jolies mountain of elegantly displayed fruit tarts in the shape of a dove or a pelican .
well , when you take out the fruits and nuts all you re left with is the flakes !
on the table was a vase of fresh cut flowers and on the coffee table , a fruit basket .
she nodded , but continued to look up at him as though she were appraising a suspiciously - priced piece of fruit .
he was ushered to a chair , and he sat down in front of an impressive array of white plates , each of which was topped with bacon , sausage , slices of white toast , and pieces of fresh fruit .
instead , i looked studiously at the floor and told myself that anticipation would sweeten the fruits later on .
the bartender brought us champagnechampagne , mind youand we nibbled on crab cakes , lobster bisque and sampled fruit cups that wandered our way on trays carried by the most handsome young college boys imaginable .
you 'd bring them round and tuck them under the fruit bowl .
coffeewith cream , no sugarfor the lieutenant and a large fruit punch for the deputy .
a juicer with pieces of fruit shoved through the grinder .
for dessert , he had made a fresh fruit tart with blueberries , raspberries , kiwis , and strawberries .
her bronze skin glimmered and smelled of fresh exotic fruits .
you may call your sister , les fruits de mer sont servis , he added .
pieter returned with a plate filled with fruit , smoked salmon and yoghurt .
when pieter left the breakfast he had quickly thrown fruit , orange juice , salmon , cheese , rolls and a small pot of coffee on a platter and had carried it out of the room before the eyes of the surprised waiter .
small stalls with fruits and vegetables , clothes and kitchen utensils were frequented by colourfully dressed women .
the buffet was little more than a continental style breakfast , with some additional fruit and a do - it - yourself waffle iron thrown in for good measure .
i poured a waffle and grabbed some fruit juice , and spotted grant sitting at one of the tables with martin .
he was gambling they would have standing orders to protect the fruit of new veritys labours .
besides , he more or less lived on the same diet as squiz : nuts , seeds , and fruit .
the thought of food held little appeal , but when he sat down in the restaurant , and the waiter served him a stack of steaming fresh pancakes , smothered in maple syrup and filled with good vanilla ice cream and fruits of the forest , his saliva glands began to work overtime .
it sounded as cloying and nauseating as the stink of a pile of rotting fruit .
she warmed the meatloaf in the microwave and added a small bowl of fruit salad to the plate .
he gobbled down the fruit first .
today they would be happy with some canned ham and dried fruit .
the dried fruit would be o.k .
they sipped the wine and nibbled on the dried fruit and some nuts lily got from the pantry .
did you find all the fruits and vegetables you wanted at the market ?
collin thought he saw a familiar face at a fruit stand .
she nibbled on some fruit as well while he gobbled down the sandwiches she gave him .
the breakfast buffet was laden with fresh fruit , muffins , croissants , cereals , yogurt , coffee , tea and juices .
he sent me upstairs to eat from a fruit bowl he d made himself earlier , which helped .
there was something undeniably attractive about a woman with fruit on her skin .
thinking about soggy fruit loops made me race toward the kitchen , and i found chris leaning against the counter with his back turned .
chris beat me to the punch , grabbing the box of fruit loops and planting it on the counter .
he only used fruits .
removing the aluminum foil from the platter , i found a bouquet of the most delicious fruits : cantaloupe , watermelon , pineapples , strawberries , and different colored grapes , decorated in the most delicate patterns .
it was his infamous fruit bowl .
no one made fruit bowls as brilliantly as he did .
alongside the bowl of fruits was another silver tray , one with a bronze handle , and i lifted the lid , taking in the dazzling radiance .
thanks for the fruit bowl , chris , i said .
i always like your fruit bowls .
this was one of the rare times we were allowed to eat enormous amounts of sugar , which did nt consist of chriss fruit bowls or soy pecan ice cream , so i made the most of it .
i mean , where 's the fun in life without a little forbidden fruit ?
it was like playing one of those ` ` fruit machines '' at the local bars , except we were sitting there witnessing a gigantic intelligence turned against itself , searching for the crack in its own armor .
for dessert they shared the house specialty , tulipe glacee aux fruits , after which they lingered over stilton cheese and a world war i bottle of lisbon port .
tiny round coco taxis in tropical fruit colors sputtered past in search of early sightseers .
she followed the dissociated diet ; one day just pasta , another just fruit , and then potatoes , meat and so on .
instead i was fat and unresolved , but if mom tried to get me to diet or gave me fruit to eat i held a grudge .
at three oclock that same day , christmas eve , just as the weak winter daylight began to fade towards dusk , two guards , one of them steven , the other a newly - returned robbie , came into our cell and gave each of us a bottle of cola and a slice of thick , moist fruit cake on a paper plate .
he snickered for a minute as he gathered cold fresh pieces of fruit on the cutting board .
she kissed him hungrily , like a starving child cradling a fresh piece of fruit , sucking out the flavors just in time to save her life .
under the sign saying save on fruits and vegetables this week they took a moment to catch their breath .
we are a mixed - up fruit salad of a family , she thought as she watched her two daughters cuddle on the sofa .
whether its the whole forbidden fruit appeal thing or something else , at that point akane was the one out of the three girls that interested me the most despite , or perhaps because , i still barely knew her .
as there were enough of them already germinating in front of my eyes and on their natural way to becoming trees with bitter fruits it seemed excessively tiresome and superfluous to spread some more .
both out of curiosity and concern i opened her refrigerator to find only half - empty bottles of water , a piece of fruit so old i can not recognize which kind and cups of cheap instant ramen , which i presumed to have been her primary meal for the time she lived alone .
a little matter concerning fruit if you recall ?
once you taste the forbidden fruit , you can never stop wanting it .
i was there when you took your first breath , your first stepi was there when you ate of the fruit and how sweet it was fruit ?
i was there when you took your first breath , your first stepi was there when you ate of the fruit and how sweet it was fruit ?
finding respite in action , he reached over and began to eat the sweet breads and fruits oreilly mentioned .
it tasted awful ; a mixture of vinegar and rotting fruit .
but the fruit withered long ago .
` ` remember when the fruit trees all died .
eyeballs squashed into liquid like rotten fruit alrightalright calm down , okay ?
its kind of small and dark so well go down too and check the fruit cellar to see if she s in there and maybe you can look around the furnace .
in fact the evening before stefania was confided with her , and you / he / she had cried for a long time because he / she did n't succeed in gathering that marvelous fruit that had to brought of hand , the love with her '' to '' capital .
after i showered and put on my uniform i went downstairs for some fruit and tea .
astonished and shaken , she bought a bag of fruit candy and ate them with trembling hands .
the fruits and vegetables in the refrigerator are rotten .
she s decided that the hygiene is a disaster , the fruits and vegetables are rotten , and the food is terrible .
there were fruit trees all around and lush bushes .
the fact that the attackers had chosen to attack that particular base while ignoring all the low hanging fruit was most worrying aspect of the situation .
the meal was a five course one , replete with hot sauces , fruits and vegetables , sticky yams and fried meats .
there are hints of several fruits , blackberry being the strongest , but there is something else .
bonazzi beamed in delight and told them the subtle fruit ced had detected was a special wild plum that grew in the area that affected the flavour of the grapes .
some pests were beginning to invade some of the fruit trees and having found some pesticides and sprayers in a floored storage bin in the barn , he began to spray and tend the trees .
as autumn approached , the fruit in the little orchard began to ripen and ed carefully picked the apples and peaches and a few pears .
they opened gifts of canned vegetables , fruits , meats , coffee , tea , and all kinds of staples .
a lie that s hidden can sit in the dark like something bad and wormy eating away the good fruit .
although she does not own a farm , she does own two acres of land , and uses one acre to grow a large , home - grown garden of vegetables and fruits that she shares with her family .
we grow a lot more fruit flies in a safe location and irradiate them all .
i know about the fruit fly quarantines , but the sit ? - .
mike walks out of the lab , pausing to take a look at the fruit flies held in a container along the side wall .
the mediterranean fruit fly looks basically like a large bumblebee .
thus , items such as oil seeds , fruits , pulp , and organic chemicals find themselves high on the list of items coming over from the new world .
mohammed guns the engine and manages to fly the car between two city buses , making a sharp turn before squeezing the car into a makeshift parking space between several other mopeds and nearby fruit stands .
orange juice was at a premium since the orange crop was nearly entirely destroyed- the crops from california and florida were totally wasted , as farmers complained of small lumps growing on the plants instead of full grown fruit .
with the world 's two largest orange producers not producing any more oranges , supermarket 's were hard pressed to keep up demand for the popular fruit .
actual produce that was even remotely healthy , ranging from as lettuce , tomatoes , salads , carrots , cauliflower , chick - peas , potatoes , and any kind of fruit was at point zero in all the west coast states .
` ` well , the rest is basically giant bags of wheat , corn , and frozen fruits '' , answers menendez , looking over at the meal in mccarthy 's hands .
fields that were once fertile and full of produce such as fruits , vegetables , tree nuts , grapes , and almonds now sit stilled by the silence of death .
ohio , being an important source of wheat , corn , and other grain crops , was not a producer of tropical fruits or vegetable crops .
the problem , of course , lay not only in the availability of what was a quasi - cash crop but also in refrigeration for the fruit as it travelled from one end of the continent to the other .
so far , mccarthy was able pioneer a program adding dried fruits to the new west coast diet .
the number of urban gardens multiplied threefold in the last month , as small landowners start pitching in neighbors and friends to build small close knit plots of fruits and vegetables , all without the use of soil .
vegetables such as celery and rhubarbs , a fruit , are much more hardy than say wheat or tomatoes .
her hair had scents of fruit , each smell different on any given day .
i was also served a large jug of fruit juice .
i learned , trust was a rare fruit .
as usual , everyone had a tin tray and walked in single file along the cafeteria counter , grabbing fruit and drinks .
she ate the whole fruit , including the core , except that little stem they always leave on to ensure everyone knows its really from a tree .
replied simon in the kitchen simon found that the table was completely covered by several cereal boxes , mini toast usually used on cheese platters , ham , salami , fruit , a loaf of bread , cheese , milk , a caf latte , a block of butter , and several jars of jam .
peterzano went and got a fruit basket .
he stood next to the frame and the fruit basket and said proudly , like michele was his own son .
prospero stood with a fruit basket in his arms and posed .
it was the opportunity to enjoy the fruit while it still remained .
i said taking a seat next to liz at the bar , she was drinking something with fruit on top of the cup .
they had more left to drink than jill had feared , although she knew that what they had would be used up soon enough : some bottled water ; cartons of fruit juice ; a half filled jerry can that bloom had missed ; a few warm beers and a half bottle of whisky .
none of them had eaten more than a little dried fruit and some corn snacks , passed out hand to hand .
but now it felt as if the heat was doing its best to kill them ; to leave them dried up like fruit spread out in the sun .
they produce fruit all year round .
the grass was overgrown and the fruit of the trees had rotted .
the idea is for you to get them in a consignment of fruit , being picked up from malaga , and loaded on a cruise ship .
his heel caught the edge of a wooden crate full of osa fruit causing him to stumble to the ground .
the fruit soared up into the air in sweeping purple streaks .
i should run , rhyme thought as the young man roared in outrage as the fruit came crashing down on top of his head .
young zare slaves brought in trays of fresh elken meat , rolls of cheati bread , dripping golden flit gravy , and bowls of icy fruit .
galadryl flung down a plate full of wild flit , fruit , and cheese .
a zare girl walked , her hand clutching a woven basket full of blue gonora fruit .
he found rilly eating fruit out of a mans hand that he had never seen before .
it was the one he d dropped fruit on .
the fruit thing was an accident , he said , weaving around the tables of the shop .
this is nt about the fruit , worge - eater !
he grinned at her and began to crunch on a piece of orange fruit .
she pulled out some bread and the same orange fruit and began to nibble on it .
the flavor of the fruit danced on her tongue .
he pulled out a fruit from the basket and handed it to her .
she chewed on the fruit already starting to feel better .
she asked hopefully , wiping fruit juice from the corners of her mouth .
she reached in her dress pocket and pulled out several pieces of chopped fruit .
she reached in her pocket and gave her a piece of fruit .
if you find those peddlers before kalub does ill buy you a whole carriage full of fruit to eat , he whispered in lishas ear .
plus , they ate a lot of fruit and salads , and of course , chocolate .
they also picked up lots of fruit and some chocolate candy bars and deli meat and cheeses and soft drinks along with bottled water .
why do nt we fix an omelet and some fruit ?
or we can do fruit and cheeses .
an omelet and some fruit sound good to me .
the three women loved fruit so they ate some with just about every meal .
its one of joys specialties and lynn made the fruit salad .
come to me ; desire to taste my forbidden fruit .
another two had started to take some nuts and fruit during the last leg of their drive to douala , but anouk had stayed obstinately at the back of the cage .
two teenagers had started to play at a fruit machine close by and a swarthy man in a leather jacket was repeatedly slapping the palm of one hand against the bar to add emphasis to his story shared with the barman .
the kitchen countertop was marble , and the tiled floor was trimmed with hand painted fruit and vegetable designs .
old fruit !
he curls the ticket into his mouth like a strip of juicy fruit gum .
soon the slats spin through his hands like fruit in a slot machine .
coins fall down its throat and onto the landlords pile , he pushes the fat red button and fruit flash by , settling on two cherries and a slice of melon .
he watches him arrive , the paw marked pies reaches over his shoulder and up to his drink on top of the machine and his eyes settle in the same position , ignoring the fruit - staring at his son - in - law .
hash asks , as he scans the lower line of fruit .
a fruit mixture falls on the line and sends the machine bat shit with excitment , hash moves his eyes to make sense of it all .
this was his time to dip into my juicy passion fruit .
i like to think that only a piece of forbidden fruit that ripe could stray me from the path of righteousness .
yogurt , cereal , fresh fruit .
i m sorry , anita said , sniffing and reaching for the fruit bowl .
the fruit never falls far from the tree ?
anna could smell the vegetable and fruit stands from several blocks away .
anna had already bought half a dozen bags of various fruit and veggies .
nica seemed particularly interested in cherries , nuts and fruit wine .
sheila was never one for fruits and vegetables .
the garden had nt started out quite so large , but we had the fruit trees , the pecan orchard , even chickens .
now all i had to eat was an endless supply of beef jerky and whatever fruits or vegetables i could get to grow .
taking all the fruit of his morning travels with him , he entered the restaurant and found a table in sight of the gate .
good morning , i greeted hum , plonking myself down at his table with a big plate of fresh , local fruits and a glass of pineapple juice .
out there was the swimming pool which nestled on the fringes of the ornamental gardens , a beautiful array of delightfully bright colours - oranges , reds , pinks and greens - which could be seen quite easily from where i sat with my iced fruit drink , as could the numerous rainbows dancing upon the droplets of water given off by the sprinkler system without which , presumably , nothing would grow .
ok sir , will that be white , brown , thick , thin , granary , wholemeal , linseed , sesame seed , poppy seed , pumpkin seed , soda bread , potato bread , fruit loaf , nut loaf , salted , unsalted , low fat , or gluten free ?
it was some kind of home - made , fruit tea , blackberry or black currant i think .
having managed to get some fruit and bread and tea down him and while the bath was cooling , he told us the staggering news .
in the middle of the large famous square , a crowd was gathered around the young man in his early twenties with bright red hair juggling different fruit .
the compact refrigerator under the worktop contained drinks , fruits , vegetables , dr atkins diet milkshakes , and a small carton of organic milk .
stabbings , gunshot wounds to the belly and face , mutilation of bodies , even bits of body parts placed all around an apartment , with the head in a fruit bowl and partially covered with fruit .
stabbings , gunshot wounds to the belly and face , mutilation of bodies , even bits of body parts placed all around an apartment , with the head in a fruit bowl and partially covered with fruit .
in the top - floor conference room , only a french door away from wood 's private terrace , a secretary laid out a breakfast of fresh fruit and bagels .
during the journey a few locals in canoes passed and waved she waved back , matt called one over and after some haggling brought a basket of fruit .
sue spat out the fruit in her mouth and in an angry voice said , why the bloody hell did you let me eat it ?
all the same , she did nt eat anymore of the fruit .
after a short lunch of matts favourite meal , bacon burger , bread and coffee , he offered sue some fruit , no thanks , i m full .
he found someone selling small baskets of local fruit and decided it would be a good supplement to the canned food they had packed just in case .
as he reached out to pick up a piece of mixed fruit vlaai , one of the shallow flat dutch pies , she walked up very close to him and spoke quietly .
bert claridges family had been hawking fruit and veg in street markets all over london for generations .
si , i want to make a sandwich for my lunch and we need to have some fruit .
i want a tray of fruits , a tray of veggies , and a tray of pastries , requests alex , turning to carolina .
# # # list of titles by this author a band begins to play triple - tap killer - blood strange fruit on tyburn tree of hope and glory of hope and glory r.jay after a long absence , chris carter returns home to a town he barely recognises .
nuts , spices and strange fruits the man from del monte had neither said yey or nay to .
but the last tramp is out there , programmed to kill them both * * * strange fruit on tyburn tree 2005 : bodmin moor , cornwall , ewan hurd was raised an orphan .
we made clinking , friendly , breakfast sounds at the fresh day , and sat down with bowls of cereal , yogurt , fruit and coffee to make decisions about how to spend our precious time .
once again my wife had excelled herself ; fresh - smelling , crunchy - looking muffins , various veggie sticks , with a creamy dip , chunks of cheese and fruit threaded on toothpicks , as well as tiny triangles of crust - less , whole - wheat with what looked like cucumber filling plus a carton of juice .
he was more of a beans , beans , the musical fruit kind of guy .
she stood at the coffee bara fruit bowl in a sleeveless top that looked and clung to her fat chest like an orange peel .
he gave an understanding wink , and i spent the rest of the night trying not to stab myself in the nose with the toothpick - speared fruit wedges floating as camouflage in my ginger ale .
there were lots of fruits to eat .
i plucked lots of fruits , before i left to look for you , i told michael to eat more for enough strength .
in , piled fruits , ripe for eating arranged according to its colour .
supposing i was around , me and him could had gone plucking this fruits .
twelve fruits i ate satisfied me more than eating five plates of rice .
searching for fruits made me to see it .
brave maasai left it beside that fruits tree .
king erodo should ask himself how comes his spear is beside the tall fruits tree .
precious spear on your servant hand is seen resting beside one tall fruit tree .
in her left hand , she held a bag which contained a variety of fruits and vegetables .
how about a fruit bar ?
a lot of fresh fruit , surprisingly .
low hanging fruit .
this must be one of the last independent shops in the country , no attempt had been made to bring the place up to date , no fruit machines , no screens flashing the latest odds , not even a telly showing whatever meeting the bbc had decided to cover for their afternoon racing .
slowly , deliberately , he swept the sword down , tearing through flesh , which parted against the blade , peeling open like rotten fruit .
tom rummaged around his mouth with his finger trying to dislocate that piece of bread , fruit or whatever it was he had stuck in there .
i have never liked expressions that involve fruit except for the word melons , but that was a typical thing you could n't say to james .
he loved fruit and hated sarcasm .
the computer looks pretty innocent with the glowing apple on it ( fruit often does ) , but lately it has n't been kind to me .
fredric , who was fiddling with some plants in the small poolside garden sighed , said sure in a high - pitched voice and walked inside to make b 's favorite drink , a fruit and vegetable smoothie with a generous dose of vodka in it .
she and her sister had to survive on their own without any family or social support , looking out for wild animals , and surviving on tree bark and wild fruits .
we sort of enjoyed the taste of cashew fruit and finished it inside the shop , subbaiah decided to buy two more bottles for later .
the entire world was a fruit basket filled with poisonous mushrooms like brenda gardner , star reporter , and another deadly mushroom or two out there in the city who were just like her might attract other news addicted copy cats to their mindless deaths .
they had feasted on duck with sweet sauce surrounded by aromatic fruits and vegetables .
they took in a few hundred dollars each year for eggs , nuts , and fruit .
she was careful not to touch anything other than fruit for fear of infection .
the fruit was fresh .
when most scientists studied generational developments they used fruit flies because their life cycle is a mere seven days .
he 'd peeled a couple without removing the fruit from the bunch .
jukebox full of crap , pool table with tears and chalk rings , fruit machines with hypnotic lights - check .
donald bunks , the local grocer , supplied peoples fruit and vegetables and that was as far as people wanted to know ; they did nt care that unless he had banana trees and cabbage patches and such in his back yard , then he must have his own external supplier .
i had been reaching for a bowl of orange menthol chews with fruit poking out of it , but i stopped .
he was sitting in his favorite chair , sipping on ginger tea and enjoying some dried fruit .
alan would be on for another segment in the last hour of the show , so he waited in the green room while munching on some fruit and muesli .
now he had a stock of dried fruit , meat and bread that should last him for several days and also a couple of large canteens of water .
selected some cola , seven up , and fruit juices , signed their chits and headed off to the beach for the ritual they had established on their first visit six years before .
it yielded several small packaged fruit juices .
she passed out the fruit drinks to the eager recipients and put two aside for the filipinos who had gone to the restaurant .
pasture lands , where fruit and cattle are raised , are extensive .
they lived on the plains amongst the thornbush that were rich and green and thick with edible fruit .
there were also many different types of fruit , some of which silver recognised , others which he did not .
silver looked across at the man , his mouth stuffed with meats and eggs , and a strange looking fruit in his free hand .
without further thought silver threw the fruit at the man .
the man stepped aside , and the fruit missed .
the room was a massive larder , containing many boxes full of a large selection of fruit and vegetables , many of which they had never seen before .
designed to be frozen , they were sweet , fleshy fruit with , as cole remembered , an exaggerated peach taste .
by your fruits ye shall be known and his are plenty rotten .
it was the summer of soft hot pavement in shopping center parking lots , the mirage of distant water on the road , rotten fruit , humid irrigation , orchard roads , and tumbleweed dust fields .
how long can you just ramble and pick fruit ?
when he was young he d peel a banana and think i m the first and last human to ever lay eyes on this piece of fruit flesh .
her skin felt like lotioned wax fruit .
her smell filled the small room , sweetly pungent like a bushel of decaying fruit .
once criminals have appeared on the surface the soft underbelly is already eaten out and rotten , replied hope , very much like a bug in your fruit .
what longworry had done in knuckle - jawing a businessman cum hoodlum outside the mayors office was to find out how deep the roots of rotten fruit really went descended into the office , and how quick the city rags were to sing the tunes blowing from that direction , and he suddenly found his career gathering dust , like one of those boxes in archives ; so it seemed to defy comprehension how he could have got back enough clout to reform his crew and put them back out to work .
put the fruit back in the basket and hand the whole thing over .
he had never seen the point of decorating alcohol with fruit .
the kitchen , dining room composite was the first room ; it smelt of baking and there was a fruit bowl on the unclothed teak table , neatly arranged with apples , pears oranges and berries .
he drank orange juice and coffee , had toast with fruit , breezed through the days newspaper , and then browsed the internet for a few hours before preparing a vigorous lunch .
we also load up the cart with cans of spam , tuna , chicken , soup , chili , a big bag of rice , a variety of canned vegetables , and some canned fruit .
so we pull into a little caf on the south side of darwin and order some toast , eggs , some sausage and a bowl of fresh fruit .
the meat is in a big pile on the shirt next to the fruit .
i take my portion of the meat and fruit and sit down by derrick .
i sit up and looked at derrick and he is holding a piece of fruit .
within a few minutes , three women walk in carrying trays of meat and fruit .
we have a tray of fresh fruit in the tent and decide to eat a little dinner .
but instead of pretty flowers , colorful and various , or fruit , juicy and delicious , the garden around ashe was filled with planted slabs of stone , polished and engraved .
this was why it was so easy for me to pack a backpack full of cheese crackers and fruit roll - ups for my planned escape , completely unnoticed by everyone .
she always insisted on giving me pet names that were either farm animals or fruit .
the truck rambled along the road for about an hour and a half , tossing us into the boxes of fruit and into each other .
he removed the dessert plate to a neighboring table and watched salinowsky relish the unnaturally red fruit , chewing deliberately .
it tasted more of sugar than fruit , but it hit the spot .
john made some fruit salad .
next he took a carton of fruit juice from his backpack and tried to coax some of the fluid down tonis throat .
ben could see the immature green fruit which were starting to develop .
i called it the fruit family .
i was the tangerine and you were the strawberry , our favorite fruits .
and some vegetables and canned fruit , too . ''
she tried to paint the most vivid pictures of golden streets and a beautiful river flowing through it , with wonderful trees on the riverbank that produced fruit that would heal you .
sienna : coffee and a fruit salad dish .
the overgrown trees of the grove were like miniature mountains of green with fruit in all stages of maturity peeking out from under the stiff waxy leaves .
they were involved in both growing fruit and the canning of their own crop , and that which they bought from others .
green in colour , the calamansi is a round citrus fruit the size of a large thumb .
the juice of six or seven calamansi in a glass , then filled with water and adding sugar according to personal taste , is like a mixture of limes and grape fruit .
` ` mostly processing and canning of fruit .
also we do packets of dried fruit , like dried bananas , banana chips . ''
` ` australia produces a lot of tropical fruit in north queensland , so it 's a competitive market , '' t.a .
i just had a call from one of the suppliers who tells me he ca n't deliver fruit for a processing run we had planned in the next few days .
his fruit has been ready to ship for days .
this was the local administration and shipping office of the paradise plantations fruit and canning company .
the wealthy japanese plantation and fruit cannery processing plant owner , a mr ken yamada , had been doing business in cagayan de oro .
one of the men behind marivic had begun squeezing her buttocks as though testing a fruit .
ueda , who was apparently at one of the fruit gathering sheds , had contacted him twice on a mobile phone .
the branches above , protecting its fruit like a mother hen settles over a brood of chickens .
the younger and shorter trees , with no fruit under their tops , had trunks of almost black to dark grey .
if there were any fruits growing he could not see them under the thick leaves .
the grey light of the grey day , and maybe the distance too , hid their fruit .
there were houses of various constructions and designs interspersed with sari sari stores , and an open market , where fruit , vegetables and fish were sold .
he could not see any fruit of any sort under the protection of the overhanging fronds at its top .
` ` in my late teens we had to unlock a few gates to truck out some nearly ripe fruit before the owners left it too long , '' rangi replied .
we have muffins , breakfast wraps , juices , fruit , dough albert stopped her .
back on earth , yi was sad for the loss of change and , as a result , displayed fruits and cakes that change liked in his yard and offered sacrifices to his wife .
we dodged low - hanging fruit trees and pulled vines apart that blocked our path and as we climbed over the last of the green we saw the villa in its entirety .
the elderly captains attitude and an october afternoon that was hotter than a pair of justin timberlakes fruit of the looms were wearing on me .
the scent of the doctors perfume drifts through the office , displacing the usual stench of stale food , body odor , and cleaning fluids that make the prison smell like rotting , rancid fruit .
the knuckles were swollen and the joints of his fingers were permanently bent as though lars had been squeezing a particularly tough fruit .
i decided to make scrambled eggs , bacon , toast , and a bowl of fresh fruit .
with winter coming , who knows how much fresh fruit we can keep for ourselves from the food storage .
three days later she hit pay dirt , when a fruit market vendor nodded as she looked at the image .
ill want a snack of fresh fruit and mimosas by the pool in an hour .
maya took a bite of freshly cut fruit and studied courtneys profile .
it was indeed lovely , an instant lift to the spirits , and i felt in holiday mood again as i enjoyed a bowl of tropical fruits followed by an omelet and three cups of strong coffee .
a rather dilapidated wooden villa , painted white and blue , set in a wilderness of a garden filled with cascades of climbing roses , red and pink and white , tangled around the old fruit trees and overhanging the slimy green water of a neglected pond .
albertine , heavily laden with copper - pink flowers , the same rose i had noticed rambling over the gnarled old fruit tree in the garden .
then i had a shower and if the sun was shining , which it usually was , took my coffee and fruit and muesli out onto the warm deck , from which i could look out through the trees towards the sea and watch the little yachts going out , and the container ships and cruise liners coming in .
i was quite out of breath , though my bag of bread , cheese and fruit was not heavy , and the heat of the sun was not yet strong .
besides eating a large number of the juicy raw fruit , we picked three bucketfuls to take up to georginas kitchen , and later on i made both plum crumble and plum jam .
keith looked like a cheeseburger stuck in a fruit basket trying to blend in .
' i really appreciate this , ' said nightingale as they carried their food and drinks over to a corner table by a fruit machine .
and now he was covered in liquid that had the consistency of stewed fruit and the color of sewage waste .
objects do n't change with time , fruits always remain fresh , but you do n't have a need to eat or sleep .
it was an actual garden alive , fruit - bearing cherry trees were growing from the floor .
charlotte kept true to her word and just a minute after me , a member of staff appeared pushing a trolley with champagne and all manner of chocolates and fruits .
eventually , in just a dressing gown , he walked straight past me and picked a piece of fruit up off the trolley .
he s the most annoying fruit fly .
so he intended to investigate every store unless it was obviously a poor choice to house a painting , such as a fruit market or a bicycle shop .
to the left of the house sits a spacious garden , though its fruits are well shy of harvest , and a thin band of trees borders the property on all sides , beyond which in every instance lies a planted field that stretches to the horizons bend , if not further .
when james says fresh fruit , kelly questions , which one ?
dogs for the most now occupied with chewing on the fruits of their labors , the fallen casualties .
one solemn little boy in knee britches , seated on the left side of the aisle near the entrance , was opening and closing his dirty hand on a buckeye fruit kept in his pocket for luck .
in the wind rushing around the northwest side of the house , she made a beeline for the fence jamb overlooking the lane and the bent pear tree , limbs broken from the weight of the solid pendulous pears they had shared with anse and jean only weeks before , the gritty , tart fruit cobbled into sweet doughy pies for them or sometimes simply baked whole with cinnamon and sweet butter from the rose 's milk cow .
merry gay handed the pistol to her and began feeling inside the pockets of an old black coat but found only a dried - up buckeye fruit that anse had carried around for luck and it made him seem less menacing , more boy - like and put upon .
two wooden commissary crates full of neatly stacked fruit jars of vegetables and jellies that roberta had put up that summer were shoved to the front of the buckboard behind the bench .
along the north fence , ruddy freckled pomegranates had dropped from the rain - soaked trees , pear trees interlaced and their fruit rotting on the dark ground too , buzzed by feeding yellow jackets .
as we pass over the countryside , the fragrance of fresh fruits and blossoming flowers wonderfully overwhelms me .
grace frowned at him , bash , i m just going to the cafeteria to get some fruit .
' how about the time the french chef at the palisades put too many blueberries in the souffl , bailey ranted and raved for two whole hours about how the price of fresh fruit was bankrupting the entire operation .
and when he was in town he all but lived at the romanisches cafe where nightly he would wander among the tables , glass in hand , a meandering focus of raillery and bavardage , dropping dry , witty , acerbic comments on art and literature like ripe fruit .
i did nt have the heart to wave her away and found myself pointing to some fruit that i did nt really want .
have fruit , the thai replied , handing it over .
stan removed a magenta - coloured fruit .
that thai fruit .
yes i give him fruit .
they finished the bottle and the man pulled andrew down to his farm to show him how his organic fruit wine was made .
then he had some more wine -- wild blackberry , cashew fruit , pineapple a little sour , with bite reminiscent of don cunes wit , wry but merry .
he had a bottle of champagne chilling along with a cheese and fruit plate .
an hour later , after they had devoured the fruit and cheeses along with the champagne , they made love again .
all it was missing was a decorative basket of fruit or vase of flowers .
the kitchen cabinets held only the bare essentialsa few mismatched plates , glasses and cups , a dented saucepan , random pieces of silverware and cutlery , cans of soup , stew , and fruit , a roll of paper towels .
one bite of the forbidden fruit made senseless a life of austerity , purity and a selfless dedication to serving sinners he soon continued , with a heavy heart .
behind the table , on the far end of the room , sat an elaborate serving table covered with silver trays of fresh fruit , pastries and champagne glasses filled with various beverages .
she might have been wise enough to poach her fruit from elsewhere .
you can tell people not to eat the fruit , but they really need to find out why for themselves .
the fruit in your own garden of eden ?
maybe the fruit or maybe the weeds .
her smile would not bare its fruit , but she ran her fingers on his knee in an act of humanity that the television cameras liked .
sheridan shared the report with angel as she arrived at the courthouse this morning : serena was eating very little , only the fruits and vegetables that came with her meals .
i am a man who is energized by the prospect of bedding forbidden fruit .
though serena is nt married , her status in the world makes her the most forbidden fruit of all in my eyes .
he was still sitting cross - legged beneath the dog - koon tree in the cooling breeze from the electric fan on an extension lead , but he knew there was nothing in the house except a blackening bunch of bananas covered in fruit flies .
a bunch of bananas hung on a hook , fruit flies swarming around them , a tin of lychees in syrup , a bunch of red onions hanging on another hook , the coffee ingredients and a plastic sack of rice .
he stopped at a row of roadside stalls , leaned the motorcycle against a concrete post and went to the shade of some tattered umbrellas above tables laden with fruit .
instead , he stood and scanned the fruit - green mangoes , bananas , pineapples , rambutan and fresh green coconuts floating in polystyrene boxes of iced water .
it has something to do with picking fruit .
what fucking fruit ? ... ... .ok ... ... .. enough .
a large fruit , yellow , greenish , its surface pitted and rough .
why are we being called into this fruit loop bowl of nuts , boss - man , plans his late - night date with this hot chick from the baseball game .
one year and six months ago on the work farm , where cody lived for one year and six months along with three families of minks , the farmers would trap and kill the feral weasels to control the family nests from eating all the pond fish in the lakes and fruit berries inside the lush green woodlands .
is amber still hidden inside the interior of the church or outside among the oak trees and fruit bushes of the church grounds ?
had he known that mrs carberry enjoyed iced tea , normal cup , no fruit , he might have investigated further .
in an effort to meld the two substances of stone and tarmac seamlessly , the constructors had faded one to the next with a series of swirls and tapers , like fruit juice poured into coffee .
there was a wooden stand on a worktop that held , it seemed , a knife for every kind of meat and fruit and bread .
... israel i will restore the fortunes of my people israel , and they shall rebuild the ruined cities and inhabit them ; they shall plant vineyards and drink their wine , and they shall make gardens and eat their fruit .
their face masks were multi - faceted , very much resembling a fruit fly 's eye .
women with perfect postures balanced fruit or baskets on their heads while men led their cattle and other livestock .
they got a table on the patio in the shade of the awning and ordered eggs , coffee , and a platter of fruit .
he d had an upset stomach for the past half hour or so , a result , he believed , of the fruit at the caf in arusha .
the riverboat chugged past , and scarlett saw that one pirogue was filled with plastic bottles of what might have been palm oil while the other was stacked with cassava , bread , fruit , fish , and meat .
a canvas sack lay on the floor , the top open , spilling out overripe fruit .
miranda , unable to peel the skin from a banana with her teeth , squished it with her elbow and licked the meat of the fruit off the floor .
he picked up the sack of fruit from which they d eaten earlier .
thunder dropped the fruit and pulled the door open .
she worked in a local greengrocers shop , living on chips and discarded fruit , as she started to make plans for her future .
no amount of personality could outweigh the heavy shadow of cheap sweats , fruit of the loom sweats that you knew came off the bargain rack .
she peeled the yellow wrapper off a stick of juicy fruit and slid it between her lips .
they came for cotton and spuds and fruit and grapes .
ill take you to a place where we can have some good sea fruit and listen to fado .
at the restaurant , we drank three more bottles of chilled white wine and ate a large plate of sea fruit .
the merest remark can lie buried in him , fertilizing his fury until it grows into a monstrous plant bearing fetid fruit .
a small number of figures crawled about the pile of frozen , stiff bodies like flies on fruit .
and once the life and the fervor that came with it depleted , he would be able to take the ultimate invigoration , confident he had squeezed the last wills of life out of his forbidden fruit .
` ` so what you 're telling me is that you juiced these people like fruit , took their emotions and will to live , just to feed yours ? ''
maybe its fruit was prolific .
they sailed on until dark , both of them in the cockpit , and then ben went below to prepare a sandwich meal , and fresh fruit .
when he brought it up , he had outdone himself , he added freshly squeezed orange juice , fresh fruit , some delicious pastries and a rose in a crystal vase - what romantics italians are , and i should know .
one area served only decadent desserts , while another had an unimaginable amount of main courses to choose from , and the last had fruits and vegetables galore .
i did n't ask where he got the canned fruit since we had nt had any kind of good food for a long time .
the sweetness of the fruit tasted good on this hot summer day .
the musty smell i followed that day emanating from the yellow gunge that was used as fruit fly food - is still a staple for genetics research even now .
his first love has always been fruit flies of course , but i am a little cynical about his motivations with this particular project : many of the genetic studies he has carried out in relation to species nomenclature have tended to concentrate on organisms that are more well - known in the public eye .
mike shifts in his chair and picks up a plastic model of a fruit fly .
the departmental head had to call in the police and it took some time to persuade the protestors that the largest organisms the genetics department dealt with were , in fact , plants and fruit flies ( kept under appropriately ethical conditions ) , before the activists yelled out some slogans on insect rights and slunk home , tails between their legs .
; he turns round towards me again , fingers the fruit fly model furiously now , crushing the antennae with his thumbs .
oh yes indeed the fruit flies .
i am about to ask him about the fruit fly work , but he interrupts my thoughts : -yes , indeed , your father and i shared everything in those years at copenhagen university sparred with each other on our projects long after we went in different scientific directions , your father towards whole organisms , myself to the cellular and genetic level .
after what seemed a very long time he looked up , over the sofas and divans and love seats , past the huge tile fireplace , through the two story window to the acre of newly planted flowers , shrubs and small fruit trees .
his pack contained : a few changes of clothes ( shorts and tees and hats , mostly ) ; basic toiletries ; a knife ; a monocular field glass ; mini camp stove ; first aid kit ; water purification drops ; fire starter ; fish hooks and line ; candles ; diarrhea tablets ; needle and thread ; chapstick ; a sheet sack ; a long sandy - blonde wig ( if he had to ) ; and a few days of food if he stretched it including mahi and beef jerky , power bars , and baggies of dried fruit he d bought in bulk ; and , lastly , his trusty old palm pilot .
he gobbled down more fresh fruit than ever in his life .
during that time straight - faced men had brought them dull food on plastic trays rice and eggs , canned fruit , cold spam sandwiches .
he did nt even get a plucked fruit .
as he rolled the fruit into his saddlebag , he saw the hard look in kananis eyes .
they passed through small junctions with mom - and - pop stores offering homemade fish jerky , fruit turnovers , and shaved ice .
jerrick did nt see the house because a six - foot solid , blue fence hid it while apple and pear trees poked above the fence , displaying their unripened fruit .
there were twenty backpacks in all and everyone held three food cartons containing sandwiches , fruit and energy bars wrapped in tinfoil .
the cupboards were filled with supplies ; cans of food , packets of dried milk , coffee , baking materials , a box of vegetables , another box of apples and other fruit all crammed on every available shelf .
ken drops ice cubes into a half pint glass and pours two bottles of fruit juice into it , holding both bottles by the neck with one hand .
a middle aged couple are pumping coins into a fruit machine .
* * * thousands of fruit bats swarmed the sky as the car crept through the heavy traffic near the presidential palace .
on impulse he grabbed several and crammed them into the laundry bag , along with a banana from a basket of fruit on the coffee table .
he opened it with trepidation , but as he should have expected it was only a man from the kitchen staff with a platter holding some limp slices of french toast and a bowl of cut fruit that he could barely bring himself to eat .
the man took them to an upscale market in osu where they loaded up on water bottles , soft pretzels , chocolate and brioche , along with a one cedi bunch of bananas from the fruit vendors across the street .
hey , they left a fruit basket !
there was some fruit , some strange , dense egg - y things , fire - toasted hunks of bread that could have passed for pieces of granite and some kind of blackish jelly .
archie dunked a piece of bread in some of the fruit juice to soften it .
cursing under her breath , kaylee snatched the can of fruit from the shelf and trotted back to the entrance , which , remote released by elijah again , swung open .
her can of peaches , dropped when she was attacked , had exploded from the electricity upon the metal grating , coating the area with sticky , sweet , preservative syrup and bits of fruit .
she gazed with a forlorn expression upon the mangled can of peaches with the sizzled , burned fruit .
she took a bite of the juicy fruit .
she swallowed hard , her breath hitching as a small bit of fruit jumped into her windpipe .
she felt a light resistance , like a pin pushing into ripe fruit , as the sharp end punctured the skin of his shoulder and slid into his flesh with ease .
i rubbed my temples and glared at the glowing emanation beside the fruit bowel .
they were packed with an end of the world picnic : juice , dried fruits , condensed milk , canned meats , peanut butter , jelly , crackers , granola bars , baby food , coffee , tea , hard candy , cereal , salt , pepper , sugar .
this trip only took on a few extra items , fresh fruit and vegetables .
i strolled the aisles , thinking to get some more fruit juice , something to have around to eat , worthless little impulses , there d be nothing better in the shop than what i had at home , already .
i took out some fruit juice , shut the door , looked at the burnt pizza on the stove top , a click of my eyes to the time .
the multiple flavours danced a merry jig in her mouth : first bitter , then sweet , then with a hint of some kind of fruit .
on their way , they briefly stopped to purchase enough fruit , bread , and cheese for a small breakfast and continued on .
a picture of a plate of fruit adorned one wall , a file cabinet sat in the corner next to a small fridge and a desk lamp , unplugged sat to his right .
a single plate of sweet rolls and a large bowl of fruit were laid out for him .
he was ducked into the river of hades , the waters of which receded every time he attempted to drink from them , and was located beneath the spreading branches of a flowering fruit tree , the fruit of which remained always just out of his reach .
he was ducked into the river of hades , the waters of which receded every time he attempted to drink from them , and was located beneath the spreading branches of a flowering fruit tree , the fruit of which remained always just out of his reach .
one week they helped out on a fruit and veg stall , when the owner broke his wrist and was waiting for his son to come back from spain .
her dad ran a fruit and veg stall in shepherds bush market and shed taken it over when he died .
bill put his plate in the microwave and started on the salad , which was an incredible mix of fruit and vegetables with a dressing that was sweet and sour .
sex is the fruit of the love poem , which of course is a very sweet fruit , not to be downplayed by any great lover .
my daughter loves fruits and nuts . ''
the square was coming to life as pickups full of fruits and vegetables parked next to the sidewalk around the courthouse lawn , and the old farmers in faded overalls neatly arranged the small baskets of tomatoes and cucumbers and squash on the tailgates and hoods .
he showered and shaved downstairs , and ripped open a new pack of fruit of the loom he had purchased at the drug store .
nothing about grace brookstein being a total fucking fruit loop who 'd convinced herself her old man was framed .
she 's not a fruit loop .
some fruit loop might have linked maria in his addled brain with quorum or lenny brookstein . ''
flatware , fruit bowls , napkin rings , pins , pendants on fine chains , ornate picture frames .
his strange appearance made him an outcast among the other young runaways , and he was forced to live alone in the basement of a dilapidated factory , eating stolen fruit and raw fish from the dock .
she was the womb that bore the lineage , and the vine from which the sacred fruit sprang forth ! ''
the cornucopia or '' horn of plenty '' was a tribute to baphomet 's fertility and dated back to zeus being suckled by a goat whose horn broke off and magically filled with fruit .
occasionally , customs agents accepted large tips from teabing in exchange for turning a blind eye to the transport of harmless organics - mostly luxury foods - french escargots , a particularly ripe unprocessed roquefort , certain fruits .
langdon had once visited the abbey 's famous college garden - a small fruit orchard and herb garden - left over from the days when monks grew natural pharmacological remedies here .
boasting the oldest living fruit trees in great britain , college garden was a popular spot for tourists to visit without having to enter the abbey .
she was dancing in the rain , singing songs of the ages , peeking out from behind the bud - filled branches as if to remind langdon that the fruit of knowledge was growing just beyond his reach .
his labor 's fruit !
` ` as much as i like any fruit . ''
he guessed an hour before dawn old trucks would roll in loaded with ripe fruit from the fields , maybe hosed down with irrigation water to make it look dewy and fresh and attractive .
each night they rewarded themselves with a small container of bland , fat - free , imitation fruit yogurt , which they savored like a last meal .
the dates , figs , prunes , nuts , little bits of dried , colored fruit .
with a quick tour of rick 's neighborhood and the center of parma , they found a small grocery with fruits and vegetables stacked along the sidewalk .
i did n't know much about the cultivation of fruit .
it was difficult to say whether it was intended as a living- or dining - room for a flimsy - looking mirrored sideboard , sporting an orange crackle - ware fruit dish and two painted wooden candlesticks , took up most of the wall opposite the door and contradicted the faded pink sofa ranged against the other side of the room .
it was true that he seemed to glance quickly towards them , but above them in the hedge there was a gaily painted sign pointing down the lane and announcing ' l'auberge du fruit d , fendu , crustaces , fritures ' .
they , with fruit and a thermos of coffee , would be my midday meal and i would make up each evening with a good dinner .
as he made the circles he commented , ' aberdeen -aberdeen angus , devon - red poll , lancashire - poultry , kent - fruit , shannon - potatoes , ' until ten red circles stood out on the map .
the three emblems whirled round in bond 's mind like the symbols on a fruit machine .
the fruits of this source would be placed entirely at your disposal . '
we already receive the entire fruits of that source .
smooth bark , attractive fruits , which have bitter taste .
ordeal - tree , poison tanghin ( tanghinia venenifera or cerbera tanghin ) : small evergreen tree , 20 ft . fruit purplish , tinged with green .
all parts can be fatally toxic , particularly fruit .
or will hunger or curiosity lead you to munch a handful of those red berries or pick one of those orange fruit ?
he was a great , box - like man with a totally bald , shining head like a ripe fruit and hands like hams .
as he expected , mr . paradise was the better value of the two , and as they went through the conventional shrimp cocktail , steak , fruit salad of the americanized hotel abroad , bond cheerfully got himself involved in an argument about the odds at roulette when there are one zero or two .
and mounds of fruit -- pineapple and such -- to make the decor look jamaican and exotic .
if he asks for something to drink , give him fruit juice .
they slid past sidings full of ` ` empty freight cars bearing names from all over the states - ' lackawanna ' , ' chesapeake and ohio ' , ' lehigh valley ' , ' seaboard fruit express ' , and the lilting ' acheson , topeka and santa fe ' - names that held all the romance of the american railroads .
only the citrus groves laden with fruit looked green and alive .
away to port , state highway no.1 disappeared up the coast in a golden ribbon of motels , gas stations and fruit - juice stands , up through palm beach and daytona to jacksonville , three hundred miles away .
they appeared to be completely equipped with provisions , and all they purchased from the fishermen of the bay was fresh fruit and water .
he took a silver fruit knife off the table and dipped the tip of the blade into the packet so that about half its contents were transferred to the knife .
it was natural to bring out the small change and jerk the handles and watch the lemons and the oranges and the cherries and the bell - fruits whirl round to their final click - pause - ting , followed by a soft mechanical sigh .
bond gave them all a try , and only once two cherries and a bell fruit coughed back three coins for the one he had played .
a man dressed like a waiter , with a basket of fruit bearing a note saying , ' with the compliments of the management ' , came into the room and walked quickly over to the bedside table .
he undid two screws , removed the reel opound fine wire on the recorder 's turntable , replaced it with a fresh reel , put the basket of fruit on the dressing table and went out and closed the door .
first came a small dining - room with the remains o'f a supper for two - a basket of fruit and an open bottle of champagne in a silver bucket - and then a narrow corridor from which three doors led , bond assumed , to the bedrooms and lavatory .
on a sideboard stood a tray with several unopened bottles , glasses and plates of fruit and biscuits - the welcome to darko and to darko 's friends .
` ` but a basket of fruit came from king 's house .
on his dressing table was a large , ornate basket of fruit - tangerines , grapefruit , pink bananas , soursop , star - apples and even a couple of hothouse nectarines .
he stood looking at the fruit .
the fruit bounced and rolled over the coconut matting .
there was nothing but fruit in the basket .
it was in the crevice of the fruit , invisible except under a magnifying glass .
one by one he picked up the fruit and took each piece back to the bathroom and examined it through his glass .
he packed the fruit carefully in the box and picked up the telephone and called king 's house .
that doctor no had sent him some poisoned fruit ?
he had also not told quarrel about the fruit .
there were few people on the road - an occasional man going off to his precipitous smallholding on the flank of a hill , his three - foot steel cutlass dangling from his right hand , chewing at his breakfast , a foot of raw sugar cane held in his left , or a woman sauntering up the road with a covered basket of fruit or vegetables for stony hill market , her shoes on her head , to be donned when she got near the village .
my thoughts on this case , the evidence of the poisoned fruit and the centipede and the crashed motor car , are on record .
the evidence of the poisoned fruit .
i ' m afraid it 's cold dinner - just lobsters and fruit . ''
in may , with the fruit trees burning white and the soft wide river still big with the winter rains , the valley was green and young and dressed for love .
he says that when one 's worked very hard to get to the top of the tree one has a right to the best fruit that grows there . ''
and then his secretary had gone down with the flu and he had been given a silly , and , worse , ugly bitch from the pool who called him ` ` sir '' and spoke to him primly through a mouth full of fruit stones .
uncooked vegetables , nuts , fresh fruit ? ''
-- -a mild error of security -- -and taken to the royal bahamian , a large old - fashioned hotel to which had recently been applied a thin veneer of american efficiency and tourist gimmicks -- -ice water in his room , a cellophane - wrapped basket of dingy fruit ` ` with the compliments of the manager , '' and a strip of ` ` sanitized '' paper across the lavatory seat .
the kitchen counter was bare , except for a bowl of fruit .
built in the shape of an l , the sprawling complex has eighty - eight vaulted rooms divided into hundreds of stalls , where local merchants zealously hawk a mind - boggling array of edible pleasures from around the world - spices , fruits , herbs , and istanbul 's ubiquitous candylike confection , turkish delight .
on a table in the living room were bottles of assorted liquors , flowers and a large bowl of fresh fruit and cheeses , compliments of the management .
there were the corbeccola bushes that grew six feet high and had a red fruit that tasted like strawberries , and the guarcias , the giant stone oaks whose bark was exported to the mainland to be used for making cork for wine bottles .
the roffe villa was on the costa smeralda , above porto cervo , set high atop a cliff overlooking the sea , secluded by juniper trees and the wild - growing sardinian olive trees with their bitter fruit .
he enjoyed the smell of fresh - baked bread mingled with the odors of drying fish and cheeses and ripening fruit and sawdust and leather .
couscous and lamb en brochette and rice and platters of roast chicken and fish , followed by sweetmeats and cheese and fresh fruits .
what kind of fruit loop yells ` ` i love you '' in the street to a man he 's never met before ?
there was a bowl of fresh fruit and a platter of cheese , and ice cream with a hot fudge sauce , and candy and mints .
there were fresh lobster and crab and salmon , selections of cold and hot meats , salads , a variety of raw and cooked vegetables , cheeses and fruits .
bugis street was narrow , with stalls on both sides , fruit stalls and vegetable stands and stalls that sold fish and meat .
* * * after that , mark harris 's gifts came almost daily : a small basket of fruit , a mood ring , a toy santa claus .
he pressed a different button and pictures of a violent hailstorm appeared , battering a grove of citrus fruit .
the menu of the day consisted of a watery tuna casserole , limp green beans , a pale custard , and a choice of weak coffee or a synthetic fruit drink .
their range of meals included steaks , fresh fish , chops , chicken , fresh vegetables and fruits , and tempting desserts .
the farm was on the other side of the main prison , and the twenty acres , planted with vegetables and fruit trees , were tended by trusties .
tracy had learned a good deal about cooking from charles , and she was tempted by the varieties of foodstuffs on the warden 's shelves , but amy preferred a simple breakfast of oatmeal or cereal with fruit .
he returned from shopping with a bag full of orange juice , milk , and fresh fruit , and large dutch broodjes , rolls filled with different kinds of cheese , meat , and fish .
they strolled along albert cuyp straat , the open - air market that stretches block after block and is filled with stands of antiques , fruits and vegetables , flowers , and clothing , and wandered through dam square , where young people gathered to listen to itinerant singers and punk bands .
there was a feast : seafood platters with lobster and shrimp , a variety of pates , swedish meatballs , hot pasta , fruit , and desserts .
` ` you 'll be living on the fruit he paints .
` ` if you have a little fruit , '' he would say , apologetically , ` ` or some vegetables ... '' ` ` are you on some special kind of diet ? ''
at night , he slept in the orchards and he lived off the fruit from the trees and the vegetables in the fields .
it consisted of a chateaubriand with pommes frites , a waldorf salad , fresh asparagus , and a fruit tart for dessert .
there were touts for all the different hotels - black men , yellow men , brown men and red men frantically offering to bear away luggage - and small boys running back and forth with newspapers and sweets and fruits for sale .
there were agricultural implements , beer , cans of milk and crocks of butter , cement , fuses and dynamite and gunpowder , crockery , furniture , guns and haberdashery , oil and paint and varnish , bacon and dried fruit , saddlery and harness , sheep - dip and soap , spirits and stationery and paper , sugar and tea and tobacco and snuff and cigars ... a dozen shelves were filled from top to bottom with flannel shirts and blankets , shoes , poke bonnets and saddles .
there were tins of food , biltong , fruit , sugar , coffee and salt .
everything was for sale : furniture , horses and carriages and fresh fruit .
although there were tins of beef and cold rice , and fruit and two canteens of water aboard , they were too nervous to eat .
there was a tipsy cake and cheese and fruit and coffee .
the bulls raced down from the far end of the street , past the calle laestrafeta and the calle de javier , past farmacias and clothing stores and fruit markets , toward the plaza de hemingway , and there were cries of ` ` ole '' from the frenzied crowd .
the principal meal was taken at eleven a.m. , and consisted of a thin soup , a few vegetables , and occasionally a piece of fruit .
one morning at five a.m. the three of them went to the open farmer 's market that filled the streets of monte carlo and bought fresh breads and vegetables and fruit .
the countryside stretched out ahead of them , redolent with the odors of mowed hay and ripe fruit .
they passed granjas of wheat , olive trees , grapevines , and maize , and they foraged for potatoes and lettuce , fruit from the trees , and eggs and chickens from the hen coops .
they were weighed down with cheap cardboard suitcases , boxes and gift baskets of fruit .
there 's blood everywhere on the industrial - sized boxes of cereal and powdered milk , the bags of rice and flour and sugar , the large plastic bottles labeled cola , orange drink , and fruit punch .
` ` beautiful fruit , '' she said in german .
` ` the vapors can ripen fruit .
problem was , pears were out of season and the fruit would not be ready for another month .
tattered vegetable and fruit crates , along with wet cardboard boxes , were stacked like building blocks .
so they kept making pillamar 5 here , shipping it off to the banana republics , where they sprayed it on their fruits and vegetables and then shipped 'em all back here for us to eat .
justice mccarthy 's version of the daily briefing was a glass of fruit juice with nat lester at her jackson headquarters .
she finished her fruit juice and did not respond .
before college , he was always around the office at five on tuesday afternoons when mr . randolph weeks stopped by with a delivery of food - fruits and vegetables from his garden in the spring and summer and pork , poultry , or wild game in the fall and winter .
he ate some fruit and went looking for sailboats , not exactly shopping for one , but paying close attention to the details .
over fruit and cottage cheese she laid out the current financials of the newest pac on the block .
they ate alone , cereal and fruit and yogurt , healthy stuff because they would now live again on the outside .
breakfast would be served at six - eggs , toast , jam , sometimes bacon , coffee , and fruit juice .
adam drank fruit juice and tried to sit comfortably to soothe his stiff back .
goodman read the story early , over coffee and fruit , and by seven - thirty was on the phone with professor john bryan glass and hez kerry .
he stopped at a roadside grocery near the small town of flora for gas and fruit juice , and he was driving away from the pumps when he heard the news .
then some fruit .
she walked miles up and down the beaches and ate nothing but broiled fish and island fruit .
pam was still eating , working on some fruit and yogurt .
mccollum was finishing a plate of fruit .
malone finished off the pomegranate , one of his favorite fruits , and swallowed another cup of the bitter tea .
* * * a man delivering a fruit basket to the rake home heard the whispers , and before long the entire town knew that the coach had drifted away so far that he would never return .
but what if i plant something nasty in your fruit patch - put some nightshade among your blueberries ?
that 's the world where you sniff the fruits in the supermarket to see whether they 're ripe , and look up a recipe for orange roughy , because they had that on special , and worry about arriving late for a grandchild 's communion . ''
the main flow of traffic on the mezzanine was to the left , toward another gathering spot : an area with wicker chairs and a bar on which were arrayed various small bottles and cans , mainly sodas and fruit juices and beverages that were in - between .
maybe only the marines , reynolds , and that fruit juiced salesman lewis , who 's probably going from door to igloo door in some tundra somewhere . ''
on his shoulder was a silver tray laden with a bottle in an enormous ice bucket , two flutes , and a plate of freshly sliced fruit .
` ` have a date , '' fadi said , pushing an oval plate piled high with the dried fruit in front of lindros .
an old woman in black , small and bent , carried a mesh bag filled with fruit and vegetables .
the conference room into which he led her was decorated for a party , with colored balloons , the long table covered with a gaily striped cloth and groaning with a seemingly endless array of savory food , sweet - meats , and fruit .
he could vividly see the future the shaykh was holding out to them like a ripe fruit .
using a stencil , they spray - painted hafnarfjordur fine fruits and vegetables onto both sides of the vehicle .
arsenov gestured to akhmed , who donned latex gloves and re - moved the crate of scallions to the van that had printed on it hafnarfjordur fine fruits and vegetables .
each day these establishments as well as the more upscale restaurants received shipments of fresh meats , fish , vegetables and fruit .
hafnarfjordur fine fruits and vegetables was one of the main suppliers to the fast - food industry in reykjavik .
the crucial difference was that , unlike all the others , this particular van had not been dispatched by hafnarfjordur fine fruits and vegetables .
they worked into the twilit night , interviewing the owners of every company that specialized in fresh vegetables , sending their own staff out to inspect the warehouses , storage containers and vans of each firm , including hafnarfjordur fine fruits and vegetables .
he showered and dressed , then chopped up fresh fruit .
through the intervention of his mother 's brother , his parents worked at a maquiladora packaging fruit and vegetables .
the heady scent of old world roses came to moira as she was led toward a man sitting at a glass - and - wrought - iron table , laden with food on mexican fired - clay plates , and pitchers of red and white sangria stuffed with slices of fresh fruit .
then the provisioners would arrive with fresh meat , fruit , cases of beer , crates of tequila , and , of course , mountains of cocaine .
at this time of year there were no leaves or fruit , of course , but the twisted , stunted boles , like the trunks of elephants , bore a life of their own that gave the vineyard a certain mystery , a mythic aspect , as if these sleeping vines needed only the spell of a wizard to come awake .
they sat on a stone bench beneath the shade afforded by a fig tree , whose dark , soon - to - be - luscious fruit was just beginning to curl the branches downward to the stony earth .
not that there would be , but every basket has its less than perfect fruit and we can not afford any .
` blondie fruits ' -- the rest is garbled . ''
` ` i ' m a wasp , and ` blondie fruits ' is but one more pejorative description given us by , i must admit , other trampled - upon minorities .
he ordered french toast and fruit , nothing heavy because he was afraid his system was too accustomed to the gruel he 'd been living on .
seconds later , the message appeared in clear text : diner -- - prix fixe -- - 8 euro specialite : fruits de mer specialite du bar : bellini ferme entre 14 - 16 heures even if a third party somehow managed to decode the message , this menu of a nameless french restaurant was both innocuous and misleading .
smith thanked the pilot , then forced himself to eat some cold cuts and fruit from the galley .
both richardson and price chose the fresh pineapple juice over ice and crushed fruit .
dionetti choked on the fruit in his mouth .
` ` are you guessing that i somehow managed to poison the fruit , marco ?
jvaren knocked lightly and entered the dark room with a basket of fruit .
it 's my judgment the whole bloody island is in the middle of a gold mine if the fruit and synthetic industries would allow development . '
a banana strain could be developed that would send the nylon and the tricot boys into panic , to say nothing of the fruit shippers . '
a long horse - drawn wagon filled with fruits and country vegetables was in front of them at the kerb .
charles was amused to see that along with these requirements was a bowl of fresh fruit and a huge pewter tankard filled with ice .
he unraveled a piece of juicy fruit , making as much noise as possible .
mitch could smell the fresh juicy fruit .
he hid behind a fruit stand and caught his breath .
to her left , among the row of open - air stands steaming in the cool night air , was a farmer hawking fresh fruit from the countryside .
the woman sweated as she continued to beg the farmer for fruit .
' the woman was right , ' whispered the dark - skinned arab in western clothes peering out through a loose slat in a boarded - up store that only twenty - two days ago had been an attractive cafe devoted to cardamom coffee , cakes and fruit .
it concerns an operation out of prague that 's gathering fruit over here .
' there 's a fruit stand about a mile down the road .
the perplexed owner of the fruit store handed varak the phone as the naval officer watched , concerned for his damaged passenger .
he ended with the hitchhiker 's collapse in front of the fruit stand .
one had to distinguish between low - hanging fruit and poisoned bait .
a bowl of peeled litchi and durian fruit .
a pleasant aftertaste of fruit and wood lingered .
the l - shaped lounge was crowded with people enjoying a cold buffet of meats , cheese , and fruit .
a bakery drew his attention and he told himself to pay it and a nearby fruit market a visit before heading out .
i followed her into the garden , moving slowly along the footpaths as she pointed out the herb patch and melons and all the other delicious fruits and vegetables she and esau tended to with great care .
` ` why is it in a fruit jar ? ''
i placed the fruit jar on the railing , hoping it would tumble and disappear .
` ` they 're a blend of traditional chinese herbal recipes and natural fruit juices , '' the waiter said , showing some enthusiasm for the first time .
they were below the level of the cool breeze whispering across the field , and the air was thick with the pent - up stench of algae and rotting fruit .
` ` not before fruit juice .
you 're a very important man ; the cupboards are filled with cans of fruit juice .
vodka was delivered with the fruit juice and coffee , and nikolai kept a sharp eye out for dangling cigarettes .
nikolai yurievich remembered the morning ; the coffee and fruit juice and vodka and cigarettes .
they will bear fruit . ''
as the rail - thin general listened , the four stars on his uniform seemed to glint belligerently as if to defy the terrorists , the bleak day outside his rain - swept windows , and the fruit salad climbing from his pocket nearly to his shoulder .
cheese , vegetables , fruit , chocolate , and other delicacies , displayed in wooden bins , spilled into the street .
they eased very near him in a fruit market and listened as he spoke to the clerk .
she locked every door and window , and drove two miles to a supermarket , where she planned to buy shampoo and fruit , and to find the nearest possible pay phone .
forty years in the business , from a mom - and - pop fruit stand to a company in five states with sixty million in sales last year .
the pilots greeted him warmly and offered him coffee and fruit before takeoff .
the mike was the cap of a blue bic disposable ballpoint sitting harmlessly with a dozen other pencils and cheap pens in a dusty fruit jar on hoppy 's desk .
when he was finally taken to his hotel room after ten , he found that fitch had removed all liquor from the mini - bar and replaced it with soft drinks and fruit juices .
they eat more cheeseburgers , fries , and pizza , and drink more sodas and sugared fruit drinks .
there was a buffet overflowing with fresh fruits , freshly baked biscuits and rolls , breakfast sausages , eggs , bacon , and ham .
on the shelves were rows of dusty glass bottles , some as small as the mason canning jars mrs . walsh used to preserve fruit in , some two feet tall .
but how much can you really learn from rats or fruit flies , for god 's sake .
i could see mordecai in the background , pouring fruit juice into paper cups , talking incessantly .
a van from a food bank was parked by the door ; volunteers unloaded boxes of vegetables and fruit .
it was not a soup kitchen ; the plates were filled with corn , potatoes , a slice of something that was either turkey or chicken , fruit salad , bread .
she did n't like chocolate , but instead preferred the ones with the fruit filling .
he wanted a bowl of flakes with skim milk and fruit , something sensible , but he 'd be ridiculed for ordering such light fare in the coffee shop .
but he tasted every hint of fruit in the wine , even got a whiff of the oak barrels , and , as all wine snobs do , had to pass this useful information along to ray ` ` here 's to ryax , '' french said , reaching forward with his glass in a delayed toast .
he did n't translate the russian word for produce , fruits and vegetables .
he followed her out into the living room and was surprised to see a christmas tree in one corner adorned with homemade decorations and fruit .
she disappeared back into her bedroom and he drank the water and ate the fruit .
forty - one seth duncan had a huge aluminium splint on his face , like a dull metal patch taped to a large piece of rotten fruit .
to invoke kingsland ale is to wish for a good - sized mouthful of the stuff , but we put temptation behind us ; 7:30 a.m. is far too early for drinking anything but fruit juice , coffee , and milk ( except for the likes of wanda kinderling , and wanda thinks of beer , even kingsland ale , as a dietary supplement to aristocrat vodka ) ; and we are in search of our old friend and the closest we can come to a hero , whom we last saw as a boy on the shore of the atlantic ocean .
there was an elusive smell of fruit and paraffin in the air .
he wanted fresh fruit for charlie , and vitamin pills , and clothes .
a sizeable number of the cast and crew found time to stop by a table laden with bagels and fruit and coffee , a table supervised by a stout , auburn - haired young woman in a white uniform with ` ` molly 's moveable feasts '' embroidered on the chest .
today the table was spread with pitchers of juice and doughnuts , and a plate of fruit .
come tell me if the fruit is too tart .
we line up for trays of flavorless oatmeal and bruised fruit , eat at long metal tables .
` ` yes , with fruit , and salad . ''
she plucks a couple of grapes from the bunch in the fruit bowl and eats , still sitting with her back to niklas .
behind her back , niklas is claiming a margarita from the bartender , a vast , frothy concoction with fruit and a tiny umbrella balanced on the lip of the glass .
i had just sliced three avocados and was currently in the process of scooping out the meaty fruit into a bowl .
will searched his pack and found the ziploc bags containing nuts and dried fruit that buck had packed for them .
devlin crawled between two chairs and struggled to her feet , staring at the table , which resembled the aftermath of some epic battle - dishes and silverware strewn with haphazard abandon , plentiful portions of meat , eggs , and fruit still occupying china .
` ` we hate to pass up low - hanging fruit .
while the water heated , he poured packets of oatmeal into plastic bowls and mixed in dried fruit and chocolate chips .
because i did n't know what orson had stocked at the cabin , i grabbed a bit of everything - canned food , fruit , cereal , loaves of white bread , even several bottles of the best wines they had ( though they were quite unexceptional ) .
with both hands , orson lifts the rock up high and dashes the man 's head out like a piece of soft fruit .
he fed me four bites out of the baby - food jar , and i had just begun to suspect that it was n't apple sauce after all , but some other putrid fruit or vegetable , spoiled beyond recognition , when he set the jar aside .
the shelves bare but still carrying the smell of vegetables and fruit .
they ate the bananas - too soft and reeking of that oversweet candy stench of fruit that has just begun to turn - and jack let them split his share .
naomi said , ` ` a box of fruit loops , and i do n't mean one of those little ones . ''
refrigerators contained nothing but rotting vegetables and fruit .
dee and naomi sat on the other bed devouring the food that had been brought for them - a tray of fruit and cheese and crackers that tasted better than anything they 'd ever eaten .
when at a frat party , drink questionable fruit punch out of a red solo cup . ''
here beneath the cuban sun twinkled an outdoor tavern crowded with sailors who were leathery - faced and sinewy from months at sea , as well as portly merchants - friends of bonnet , of course - and locals : men and children with handfuls of fruit for sale , women trying to sell themselves .
the men in the clearing heard the noise of his body falling , his bowl tumbling , the fruit rolling , and turned to see its source .
suddenly it felt as though i were tasting forbidden fruit , and the fact that my father was my tutor only made it more succulent .
iii on the morning of my birthday , edith was extra specially nice to me and mother made sure i was given a birthday breakfast of my favourites : sardines with mustard sauce , and fresh bread with cherry jam made from the fruit of the trees in our grounds .
i said , as we passed a cart laden with fruit .
the guard , meanwhile , was studying connor carefully then , with a sideways glance , said to me , ` ` tasted of the forest 's fruits , did you ? ''
the privates started to pick up the trader 's crates of fruit and carry them away .
he turned away to supervise the continuing confiscation of the fruit , while a woman from the crowd rushed up to help the injured trader .
the fruit trader stood by his side , defiant now .
the fruit trader held a large curved pruning knife .
it seemed there were none in jerusalem who wanted what he had : fruits and vegetables from nearby farms .
they grow fat upon the fruits of our labour .
ezio was able to buy some fruit , enough at least for claudia and his mother , but he was n't hungry anyway - he was too nervous to eat .
they only saw the glory of the pink marble and brickwork of the palazzo ducale , the broad square reaching forwards and to the left , the brick campanile of astonishing height , and the slightly built venetians themselves , in their dark clothes , flitting like shadows along the terra ferma , or navigating their labyrinthine , malodorous canals in a variety of boats , from elegant gondolas to ungainly barges , the latter laden with all sorts of produce , from fruit to bricks .
here now , though , a pitched battle seemed to be taking place between a bunch of barbarigo guardsmen and a motley group of young people who were taunting them and then skipping lightly out of reach of their swinging halberds and stabbing pikes , throwing bricks , stones , and rotten eggs and fruit at the infuriated uniforms .
the second bore the same fruit , but as he approached the third he heard voices .
they keep demanding that we give them fruit ! '
' what kind of fruit ? '
' i have no fruit of any kind !
he took a seat beside sean 's desk , giving off an air of spoiled fruit , and thumbed through the sporting news page - a - day calendar sean kept there , the pages going back to march .
the main compound was composed of lawns and sculpted hedges , great shady oaks , scotch pines , and trim maples , apple trees whose fruit dropped to the tops of the wall in late autumn or tumbled onto the grass .
the trees they planted survived - peach and pear and chokeberry - but no longer bore fruit , and the night winds often came howling into that valley and screeched like cats .
i walked past a dumpster that reeked of slowly stewing fruit and worked my way down onto blossom street .
nelson ferrare looked at me through bleary eyes and scratched himself through his fruit of the looms .
` ` yet at the same time that the beautiful , righteous american public boycotts south africa or fur or whatever they 'll boycott or protest tomorrow , they turn a blind eye to the processes which provide them coffee from central or south america , clothing from indonesia or manila , fruit from the far east , just about any product imported from china . ''
because you want your soft shirts , you want your coffee , and your high - top sneakers and your canned fruit , and your sugar .
it was a sweet , sharp smell , hot with a secondary odor of fermenting fruit laid bare to a day 's sun .
we walked down the damp , dark lane that led to the bog , and through the thin trees we caught glimpses of the sea of cranberry , green at this stage of their growth , the knobby surfaces of the fruit bobbing in the moisture and white vapor , lapping gently against themselves .
it dropped into the watery mass of bobbing fruit about six feet to the blond guy 's left and made a distinct plunking sound that we could hear thirty yards away .
she used her fingers to pick a pineapple chunk off her fruit plate , tossed it back in her mouth , and chewed it to pure pulp before speaking .
she smiled , speared another chunk of fruit .
vanessa and i stayed out in the rain , drinking mineral water as she picked at her fruit and the rain found the back of my shirt and neck .
he held out his arms as if to silence the mosquitoes and mist along the bog , the distant slapping of the fruit in the water .
` ` here comes the fruit . ''
he walked off the bridge and found a doorway in a failed fruit wholesalers building .
mass general was too far to make on foot and he could n't see any taxis or even any trucks in the streets , just people , filling it on market day , danny thinking if it was market day there should be some fucking trucks , should n't there , but no , just throngs of people and fruit and vegetables and restless pigs snuffling in their straw along the cobblestone .
steve 's latest employment plan involved setting up a fruit cart outside faneuil hall marketplace .
the fact that the fruit wholesalers were so leery toward new operators they charged ` ` inaugural '' rates for the first six months , which made it impossible to break even , was something steve dismissed as ` ` hearsay . ''
the fruit was cold and sounded more like a rock .
that was followed by an apple , then a potato , and then the car was pelted with fruit and vegetables .
steve coyle stood beside him , wiping his head with a handkerchief and looking out at the street littered with half - frozen fruit .
in his right hand , he held a paper bag with fruit he 'd slipped out of the coughlin household to give to nora , as long as mckenna did n't decide to shoot him or arrest him tonight .
that may day night , he left the bag of fruit in her room after sitting with her about half an hour , watching her eyelids droop repeatedly until they stayed down .
that 's what made luther take fruit from the coughlins this time .
seemed he remembered fruit was good for teeth and complexions .
danny went to the tiny table where luther had left the fruit just yesterday .
thomas felt ridiculous calling up from the stoop as streams of dagos filled the sidewalk and street behind him , the air smelling of shit and rotten fruit and sewage .
they were young mostly , a few older men who looked like they had the war in their eyes , and they 'd been pelted with fruit and eggs .
the applause would have been deafening if it were n't for the jeers and the projectiles of fruit and eggs , most of which splattered against the wall .
pushing a bucket around the tenth empty cell was dom pokaski , who 'd burned his own family alive - wife , two daughters , mother - in - law , not to mention three cats he 'd locked in the fruit cellar .
spoiled fruit and fresh coffee , the grounds crunching underfoot .
` ` see , '' nandiuml ; x said , ` ` other valkyrie like the forbidden fruit as much as you do . ''
i change it out once in a while , feeding the fruit and lunchmeat to the pigs and replacing the juices and milk with fresh stuff when they ' ve passed their ' best before ' date . ''
` ` i can wait another half hour or so without attacking anyone , and i wanted to try one of those fruit drinks i saw them making when we passed through the food court earlier .
i used to like fruit and they smelled good . ''
they made their way quickly back to the food court to purchase and then watch them make the creamy fruit drinks .
even so , eshe managed to finish off her fruit drink and even empty the bag of blood armand had stopped to get for her before getting into the pickup .
she picked out an attractive - looking container on the shelf and peered at the pretty image of wheat and fruit on the front .
` ` i got you wine , fruit , sandwich stuff , and chips . ''
her gaze slid over the half - eaten fruit strewn on the floor around them and the nearly empty can of whipped cream .
cale had taken the whipped cream , but recalling bricker 's suggestion about making alex his dessert , had bypassed the fruit .
the mortal woman bellina was chattering away as she led them through the building , taking them through a large open living room , a big beautiful kitchen / dining room with a waiting fruit tray and bottle of wine , and then on to show them the terrace and pool .
he always started at the back , distributing a bottle of water and bowl of oatmeal and fruit to each captive until he reached the front .
` ` i was given oatmeal and fruit once a day like the other women , '' valerie said slowly .
` ` the first daily ration of oatmeal and fruit was brought around the night after i got there .
but when she opened the door , she found herself staring at the neatly stacked bags of blood on the bottom shelf , just above the fruit and vegetable crisper .
her gaze slid back to cody and she held out the plate of cheese and fruit .
that would be great , '' he said , and then popped the fruit , cheese , and cracker in his mouth all at once and headed back to the sliding glass doors .
tonight he had a delicate pigeon bisque , turbot , rouen duckling with orange , spit - roasted veal , green beans au jus , artichokes , and a table full of cream puffs , fruit , and tiny cakes .
he 'll need fruit and water , and perhaps a cool bath . ''
he made quite a scene at the ascot derby day when he spotted an unfortunate woman wearing a hat he thought had too much wax fruit on it . ''
freya put down a tray with tea and preserved fruit and scones .
relax , i told myself , not even seeing the fruit as i picked up a carton of strawberries , fidgeting .
even the picture of babies dressed up as fruit salad could n't make me smile .
why a fruit salad ?
alexia nibbled a piece of fruit .
she did not have to , as alexia was distracted by the arrival of some variety of orange fruit - of course it was orange - wrapped in a thinly cut piece of pig meat that was almost , but not quite , bacon .
prying back the lid , i barely took the time to glance at the contents - some kind of mushy fruit in a slimy liquid- before i dumped the whole thing back and into my mouth .
in the fringe , fruit and vegetables were almost unheard of .
i went through another can of fruit slime , a can of creamed corn , and a small tin of sausage links the size of my finger , before i finally slowed down enough to think .
most were too faded or torn to read , but i was still able to pick out a lot of canned vegetables , fruit , beans and soup .
in the middle of the room , ruth and an older woman with graying hair were starting to lay out food , opening cans of fruit and pouring them into metal bowls and cups .
i smiled wistfully , remembering when i had taken such pleasure in a can of fruit .
it was half full of slimy , colorful fruit chunks , and my stomach recoiled at the sight of it .
` ` he 's always been like that , '' zeke replied with a careless shrug , and picked out a chunk of white fruit , tossing it back .
canned beans , fruit and stew in bowls were a little trickier .
it was a mind - numbing purple , trimmed in bright green , with three high feathers emerging from what looked to be an entire fruit basket arranged about the crown .
there were cold cuts of pork , venison , and woodcock ; potted shrimp ; fried wild mushrooms ; sliced pears ; boiled eggs and toast ; as well as a nice collection of fruit preserves .
a mound of fresh fruit and about three sides of bacon made up the rest of the platter - sized plate .
there was a light picnic of broiled beef , roast duck , braised pork pie , cold poached chicken in cream sauce , pickles and relishes , crusty french bread , and stewed fruit , accompanied by punch , which was followed by tea with pear turnovers , cabinet pudding , and apricot macaroons .
` ` drink water and juices for a few days , a little fruit .
she could n't seem to stay focused on anything at allc not even the fruit and melon salad she was making for tonight 's celebration .
` ` i ' m making this fruit salad .
it must be the fruit salad you are making .
how long had he been outside her house watching her make her fruit salad for the party ?
she was surprised to find the refrigerator fully stocked with fresh vegetables and fruits .
` ` you are able to tolerate water and some natural vegetable and fruit juices .
she pulled a thick banana from her pack and slipped around the building , slowly unpeeling the fruit as she went .
he could n't talk , staring at her mouth as she sucked on the fruit , her lips sliding up and down suggestively .
he took a bite of the offered fruit , he could n't help himself .
you taste like an exotic fruit , tangy and spicy and hot .
two female spider monkeys , drunk on fermented fruit , stared up at him .
a small porcupine shot its quills into an erect position , scurrying away from the tree , dropping the fruit from its paws .
she kept her head on her paws and pushed everything from her mind as the bats wheeled and dipped in the air , some consuming flying insects while others settled on the fruit in the trees .
a basket of fresh fruit looked inviting on the table beside a platter with cheese and bread on it .
she opened her mouth and accepted the cool fruit .
he nodded toward the bowl of fruit .
fruit bats clung to the succulent fruit .
fruit bats clung to the succulent fruit .
solange took it all in as she padded through thick vegetation , occasionally coming upon a porcupine feasting on fallen fruit .
so she ate the fruit and felt a silly little glow when the sheen of approval lit his eyes .
she had n't eaten in a long time and should have been starving , but even the fruit did n't appeal to her .
some fed on fruit and insects while others watched for predators .
at first she thought they had come there to eat the fruit , but they were n't eating .
some of the bats gave the impression of fruit while others insects .
one bat took the initiative , perhaps he was hungrier than the others , but he flew to the nearest fruit and settled to eat .
immediately bats filled the air , many settling on fruit to feast while others went after insects .
the dirt floor had bat droppings and small fruits scattered over the dirt .
at briar creek 's only gas station she fished a scrolled fruit knife from under the seat and went to work , prying at the rusty gas cap cover .
i fixed myself some eggs and toast and fruit , and read a library copy of one of nora roberts 's books while i ate .
the girls were fruits of the poisonous tree , i guess .
i stiffened , turning to the picture above the table of babies dressed up as a fruit salad .
trent must have wedged the vials into the developing fruit , and by the time it was ripe , the drug was safely hidden inside a faultless fruit no human would touch .
trent must have wedged the vials into the developing fruit , and by the time it was ripe , the drug was safely hidden inside a faultless fruit no human would touch .
looking like he was going to be sick , edden stretched to pick a tomato up , examining the red fruit .
not one was willing to touch the fruit .
` ` oh well , '' i breathed , raising my hand and bringing it down on top of the fruit .
` ` we have very nice vanilla , served with jack - fruit and grilled bananas . ''
at the end of the meal , a platter of exotic fruits was passed about the circle of villagers .
as everyone enjoyed their fruit , ajay droned on and on in a monotonous voice .
i ordered another cup of coffee , helped myself to some fruit and danishes , and watched the cute waiter bustling around the room .
the kitchen was small but functional , the fridge filled with fruit , vegetables , meat , and wine .
it 's the whole forbidden fruit effect . ''
seeing my eyes flick from the fruit to him , trent made a questioning face .
on the table is an assortment of meat , bowls of fruit , and plates of vegetables along with desserts .
we 'll bring some celebratory a neg for us , and we can pick up a fruit smoothie for olivia on the way . ''
shane led her to the next room , which was a sitting area with a plasma television tuned to a news channel , juice and sodas and water , and trays of crackers and cookies and fruit .
i stood in the walk - in pantry , staring at the cans of fruit , bottles of ketchup , and cake mixes in the tidy rows into which ivy organized our groceries .
i walked over to the fridge to grab something to eat , but there was n't much more than old - looking fruit .
she reached behind a row of murky - looking cans of fruit and hit some kind of a switch .
a frown pinched my forehead as i looked at the red fruit beading up with shower fog .
though witches mimicked humanity almost perfectly , we were as different as bananas from fruit flies at a cellular level .
the tantalizing aroma of sweetmeats and fruit should have wafted to his nostrils , but over the years his sense of smell , taste and color had deteriorated .
oh , thank you , thank you , she mentally cried when she spied the rosy - colored fruit .
about ten yards away and fifteen feet up she discovered a small , hairy monkey holding a piece of fruit in each hand .
scowling , at her wits end , she picked up the fruit , claimed two mouthwatering bites , paused , claimed two more bites , then launched what was left .
in the next instant , fruit sailed at her from every direction .
realizing she was outnumbered and outgunned , grace grabbed what fruit she could , ducked behind a tree , jumped over a swarm of fire ants and ran .
sucked in another breath , then bit into the fruit again , continually alternating between the two .
on top of the dresser was what looked to be a bowl of fruit and a flagon of wine .
without giving herself time to contemplate the likelihood of poison , she quickly ate - more like inhaled , she thought - the delicious fruit .
the only item that might work was the bowl holding the fruit , but grace was n't sure how much damage she could do to darius 's fat ( okay , sexy ) head with a surprisingly flexible bowl .
a piece of fruit had sailed through her and smashed into a tree .
the scent of spicy meat and fresh fruits wafted in the air , making alex 's mouth water .
alexia helped herself to a bowl of stewed fruit , plum pudding , and custard .
the countess looked like she had eaten something foul , like a piece of fresh fruit .
and i ' m not sure there 's a fruit basket big enough to- '' he rose to his feet , and suddenly his arms were around me and my face was pressed against his chest .
evanna had prepared a feast for us , but it was all vegetables and fruit - she was a vegetarian and would n't allow anyone to eat meat in her cave .
there were couches to lie on , fans to cool us , exotic fruit and wine .
after he devoured a bowl of fruit and nuts and a plate of some sort of meat pie , he pilfered a royal blue robe and a yellow toga from the creature 's closet .
having eaten only one decent meal - the rest being fruits , nuts , and tasteless energy bars - in the past five days , he craved steak , so rare it mooed , with a loaded baked potato on the side .
scents of freshly baked bread and dewy fruits wafted on the breeze .
this time she pointed to a table piled high with some kind of fruit and laughed .
the sounds of chattering people , pounding horse hooves , and the scents of meats and fruits drifted into her awareness .
she dropped a yellow squash into her canvas shopping bag , then perused a bin of fruit , stopping to lift a pale cantaloupe to her nose and test its ripeness .
her breasts bobbed near his mouth like fruit just ripe for his picking , but he did n't dare sample them when his control was so near to snapping .
she saw a plate of field greens and a cup of fresh fruit , even something dark and chocolate - looking amid all the other temptations .
abby passed her a cup of fruit punch .
he 'd arranged a luau on the beach for them , although only the shifters and mortals had been able to enjoy the roasted pig , rice , and fruit .
vegetables and fruit lay in rotten heaps .
each end of the courtyard was lined with tables bearing grilled fish , rice , fruit , and what rajiv called tiger juice .
as no'one appeared with a tray of cut fruit and fresh juice , payne said , ` ` no'one , wo n't you join us ? ''
cut fruit .
staring out over the battened - down flower beds and the spindly fruit trees that had yet to bloom , he felt the cool , smooth stone under his hands and the breeze in his still - damp hair and the tight pull of the muscles across the small of his back .
the squat , cramped room was lined with shelves of colorful canned fruits and vegetables , the still , warm air smelling of freshly milled grains and the dry , cakey sweetness of flour .
` ` i like the taste of fruit . ''
she and john had wandered out here in the spring , ducking beneath the budding branches of the fruit trees , breathing in the forgotten smell of fresh earth , holding each other against the chill that they knew was not long for the air .
doggen brought food and drink to those who could eat , and she helped pass trays laden with fruit juices and coffee and tea .
everything had been prepped for winter , the beds of flowers quilted in mesh covers , the fruit trees bagged , the pool now drained .
and yet as he shifted toward her with another ripe strawberry held by its fluffy green crown , she found the fruit was too much to resist .
gabrielle and i just made some sandwiches and a fruit salad .
the women had a nice little repast of fruits and cheeses spread out on the coffee table in the center of the cozy library .
janet asked , holding out a plastic zipper bag of dried fruit , nuts , and seeds .
` ` no fresh vegetables , no fruit , '' said shufti .
right inna fruit !
without seeming to notice , he finished his bagel , and elena took advantage of his distraction to slip some fruit onto his plate .
elena smel ed so good , rich and sweet like an exotic ripe fruit .
framed prints of fruits and vegetables hung on the wal s at intervals .
i slid my hand into her body , breaking the flesh so easily even with these delicate fingers , and i dosed my fingers around her heart and brought it to my lips and sucked it , my head tucked down by her face , sucked the heart like fruit , until no blood was left in any fiber or chamber , and then slowly - perhaps for your benefit - i lifted her and let her fall down into the water she had so desired .
our country slaves loafed under the fruit trees .
you have fruit and bread , do n't you ?
the monastery was rich in all the fruits of the field , all crops needed for food , trees laden with fruit , fields of wheat .
the monastery was rich in all the fruits of the field , all crops needed for food , trees laden with fruit , fields of wheat .
they al nibbled at the chips and brownies and fruit , and matt made himself a hot dog on the hibachi gril , but the joy had gone out of the day .
flowers , alaric , and meredith were enjoying a breakfast of croissants , jam , fruit , and sausages .
` ` i ' m such a fruit bat ! ''
pancakes , bacon , eggs , a fruit bowl , an entire loaf of toast , and ... ` ` is that actual gruel ? ''
` ` no matter , '' she said , heading for the fruit bowl in the middle of the table .
` ` you do n't turn into a fruit bat or something ? ''
tables lined the street , covered with fruit and vegetables .
sent more flowers and a fruit basket to her mother 's room at the hospital .
many a gentleman had likened his first meeting with her to downing a very strong cognac when one was expecting to imbibe fruit juice - that is to say , startling and apt to leave one with a distinct burning sensation .
over fruit and bonbons , they broached the physiological correlation between mental and behavioral phenomena and how this might affect vampire hive dynamics .
lord akeldama 's boys might look like fruits of the first water , but they all boxed at whites , and at least a half dozen wore clothing specially cut to disguise musculature .
` ` mother 's going to be furious - i ' m supposed to be sorting fruit we stored last winter for the spring , gathering .
when they were on long trips with no fresh fruits or vegetables ?
she had to eat a forkful of fruit salad just to cover her reaction .
i hope everyone 's hungry , '' alex said , emerging from the swinging door of the estate 's mansion kitchen , a large bowl of fresh - cut fruit in one hand , a basket of steaming , aromatic herbed biscuits in the other .
i have loads of dry and canned goods , but someone was to deliver fruits and vegetables and stuff today .
the bacon was in a quiche and there was a glass of wine as well as a fruit tart .
she moved quickly and silently to the stand of fruit trees in the back garden , going over the grass like her father did with fluidity and grace - as was the way with vampires .
behind my mother was one of those stupid pictures with babies dressed up as fruit or flowers or something .
they still threw a bloody - hell tantrum , but at least it had been aimed at the bioengineers who designed the accidentally lethal fruit instead of us .
we did throw tomatoes instead of eggs , though , put peeled ones in bowls and called them eyeballs , stacked them up on our porches along with carved pumpkins , and generally tried to gross - out the human population that would n't touch the no - longer - lethal red fruit .
matalina took advantage of the open door and corralled her kids , getting them out of the church on the excuse of taking the leftover fruit cups into their stump now that the rain had slacked off .
lyssa turned to the bowl of fruit on the counter , picked up an orange and held it , enjoying the feel of the rind , the smell of the juice beneath as she brought it to her nose .
so he took an orange out of the fruit bowl and began to roll it across the table top between his callused palms .
it 's a non - bake version of a fruit cake .
jacob picked up an orange out of the fruit bowl and sent it in an impressive sizzling straight line drive across the kitchen .
she 'd chosen strawberry , mixed with chunks of the fresh fruit and topped with godiva chocolate fudge .
as she let him think that through , lyssa took a sip of her wine , tasting the metallic fragrance of jacob 's blood mixed in with the fruits of the vintage .
the warmth of his smile touched her face as she closed her eyes , placed her mouth over him and bit , digging in as she would for the anticipation of sweet fruit waiting behind a firm rind .
delicate ices made from foreign fruit , real vienna coffee , blancmange , tiny chocolate cakes , and glass upon crystal glass of champagne to wash it down .
` ` well , he once took me to strange fruit just a few blocks down . ''
seconds later i was standing inside the door of strange fruit , a large , low , dark bar with giant wooden fans slowly turning overhead .
we turned a corner around a fruit stand , knocking down baskets , and the stench of decay that issued from his raggedy breathing mouth was hot on my neck .
on their side , fruits and vegetables were arranged in elaborate platters and towers , and sweet wine flowed from crystal decanters .
she tried to hide that , and act like she was nt quaking on the inside like a jell - o fruit salad .
her fingers coaxed the skin from the flesh of the orange , her knuckles getting moist from the abundant juice of the homegrown fruit .
as she caressed his lips , her fingers grew moist with his saliva as well as the juice of the fruit .
` ` as lyssa 's servant is ser viced , the lower tier of men will stoke their lust in the succulent fruit kneeling before them .
the male centaurs and minotaurs he 'd acquired from the city had prepared the usual breakfast of fish , fruits and nuts .
she bit into a strawberry of her own , white teeth sinking into the fruit .
normally he ate his share of fish , as well as the fruit , but right now he hungered only for shaye .
but the few stands that sold the fruit were out .
he 'd also circled a group of satin pillows around a low table nearly spilling over with fruits and desserts .
she screamed , dropped her fruit .
especially that last time when they 'd licked her favorite fruit off each other .
some flat purply - brown things that looked like fruit roll - ups .
` ` they are fruit roll - ups , '' anna said when lewis asked .
her heart lay glistening like a swollen fruit on the plate beside her .
beautiful the fruit before him .
` ` unicorns and golden birds and laden fruit trees over sparkling streams . ''
the table sagged beneath its wealth of roasted game and glistening fruit , its steaming loaves of bread .
ours was a land of serenity and beauty , of laden fruit trees and fields of wild wheat free for anyone to cut with the scythe .
for thousands of years we had lived in that valley and on the slopes of the mountain where the high grass grew and the fruit fell from the trees .
he brought us fresh linen , and fruit to eat and beer to drink .
not a single blood descendant remains of those peaceful beings who had breathed this balmy air , and plucked the fruit from the trees which ripened all year round , and thought their visitors gods perhaps , who could not but return their kindness .
marius , women the world over wash the fruits of their wombs down public drains .
by the il umination of the smal flashlight he 'd taken from the storage room , the root cel ar was just as described : a damp , earthy room to store fruit and vegetables before refrigerators had been invented .
in the distance , elena could make out a vineyard with lush grapes hanging heavily , fruit that would never see the light of the sun until it was made into a famous liquid .
usually , he would be analyzing by now : taste of berry , taste of tropical fruit , smooth , smoky , woody , rounded with a silken aftertaste ... but not now .
since she had no idea how to give them any of these things , she watched them dash off with treasures such as her juicy fruit gum , her comb , her minibrush , her lip gloss , her water bottle , and her earrings .
lady ulma had then nodded at the window , out of which a small mill stream could be seen , and some plum trees , with ripe fruit blazing like jewels on the branches , and then with a sweep of her hand indicated the gardens , orchards , fields , and forests on the estate .
ah , to see the busy mothers with their radiant little children in tow , piling fruit into their grocery baskets , to watch the big noisy delivery trucks park in the slushy streets as powerfully built men lugged great cartons and cases of merchandise through back doors !
it was french bread and butter again , and orange juice , and boiled eggs , and the fruit in big slices .
while he smelled salt and dew , flower blossoms , fruit and aroused female - damn , but he wanted to banish that scent !
nola popped a bite of yellow fruit into her mouth , chewed thoughtfully .
reluctantly , she took and ate the fruit .
dr lawn says he must eat at least five pieces of fruit or vegetable every day ! ''
gold braid was woven throughout , with a gilt dagger over the left ear with a spray of leaves and gold fruit falling at the back .
one of the younger officials was particularly taken with one of ivy 's hats , a large straw affair , covered in silk fruit , grapes , strawberries , and a large knitted pineapple .
fresh meat , wild roots , and fruit .
the trees were green , some even grew fruit .
and we sat in our saturday bedroom and ate three banana chews , five rhubarb custards , ten pink sticky shrimps , four toffees , one piece of fudge , two strawberry chews , and a whole bar of fruit and nut chocolate .
in the distance , he could see fruit trees bursting with spring flowers .
about this time , my meal was set out for me , a good meal with plenty of fresh fruit and well - cooked mutton and gravy , and as i started to dip my bread and eat , up came two men who asked to sit down with me and buy a cup of wine for me .
i pushed the plate of fruit to them .
the fruit trees grew thick in clusters and then broke open to reveal grassy places where people merely lay staring at the stars , as if they were dozing , though their eyes were open .
through a haze , i saw the lords pass beneath the jagged thorny branches of the blooming orange trees , where fruit hung still , as though none of these swollen , lethargic souls needed such a fresh and bright thing as an orange .
the fruit was cold in my fingers , and my smile faded .
glenn , however , had been shown the joys of the red fruit at fang point , and was now hooked .
after his first panicked juggling to keep the tomato from hitting the ground , he cradled the fruit like a baby , in the crook of his arm .
i had never eaten a tomato ` ` like candy , '' but i ate one now , the acidic fruit not mixing at all well with the coffee .
i caught the fruit as he dropped it .
` ` six freaking pounds of get - well tomatoes , '' jenks muttered , and ivy set her cup down , turning to the sink to fill a small pan to wash the red fruit .
apple trees - either laden with fruit or dotted with blossoms - grew in profusion .
hild , tierney , and tera entered then , their arms laden with green bananas and another kind of small , round fruit that smelled like melon .
tierney said around bites of fruit .
15 after hild had set off , plainly loath to leave tera - though she seemed oblivious to his attraction - the remaining five had eaten as much unripened fruit as they could tolerate , then taken places around the fire to pass out .
succulent fruits lay in abundant piles , with not a green banana among them .
he 'd gone , leaving behind fruit for her , which she regarded with a glare .
just today he 'd pressed her behind a row of fruit stands .
` ` that fruit looks really nice . ''
he makes up the tray again with more soup , crackers and fruit and takes it in to her .
` ` and ... fruit punch ?
dad comes in with a tray of fresh fruit he painstakingly sliced and arranged .
it was like soft fruit .
meat loaf , mashed potatoes , two bags of corn chips , a fruit roll - up , chocolate ice cream , and a pop - tart . ''
fruit roll - up , the strawberry in the pop - tarts , and mashed potatoes for my fruits and veggies .
fruit roll - up , the strawberry in the pop - tarts , and mashed potatoes for my fruits and veggies .
other than the male fruit of his loins was a keen disappointment . ''
spirits can come very close to knowing ; they can see bright stairways to heaven , they can see the fruit trees of paradise , they can talk to the dead in various forms , they can glimpse the light of god , oh , that is forever happening , these glimpses and glimpses of light , but they ca n't really know what lies beyond true death !
and when i dreamed , it was of gardens , and light and fruit trees and joyous spirits with faces filled with love .
scientists of your time have isolated the gene for a fruit fly that is eyeless .
and when they take his genes and inject them into other fruit flies - god have mercy on his tiny creatures - do you know that these fruit flies produce eyes all over their bodies ?
and when they take his genes and inject them into other fruit flies - god have mercy on his tiny creatures - do you know that these fruit flies produce eyes all over their bodies ?
the carpet was sewn in magnificent detail with the tree of life , full of the birds of heaven , and the fruit of heaven , and figures walking beneath the tree limbs , figures in asian dress .
it was like fruit between her legs , like peaches or plums , it was just wet enough .
she parted her legs , and lifted her hips , and this was paradise suddenly , to be inside her , inside this hot throbbing fruit , and to have her mouth at the same time , to have both her mouths , to cover her , with hair and strength .
the tight little core of fruit squeezed the last drop out of me , and i fell over on my back , whole and alive , staring at the ceiling of this room , or staring into airy dark .
the gleaming crescent - shaped blade could slice a piece of ripe fruit in half or a silk scarf blowing in the breeze .
only this clean breeze and the glistening leaves of the fruit trees around him , and the white calla lilies glowing against the walls of the villa , the walls of the garden .
i caught flashes from his mind , opened up like a ripe fruit in distress : flames , anguished faces , people screaming .
you were the sum of sunshine on marble floors filled with pictures of divine beings who laughed and loved and drank the fruit of the vine as surely as you were the sum of the poets and historians and philosophers you 'd read .
an hour after she returned home her mother , ruth , arrived with bags of fruits and vegetables .
it was haphazardly peopled with life - size statues of muscled , naked men in various athletic poses , and half - dressed women cradling fruit or pouring water .
lucy was ... sharp as a tack , sweet as forbidden fruit , and honest as the day is long .
maybe because she 'd just popped a juicy fruit bubble .
she still was n't hungry , so she chucked the bright red fruit the moment she exited the neighborhood .
and once tasted , forbidden fruit was that much easier to taste a second time .
nearby an apple tree was surrounded by fallen fruit that nobody had picked , each apple now brown and soft .
there 's sodas and some fruit in the fridge , and ranulf left a couple pints for bianca .
i stopped short as an impossibly skinny woman with a broad - brimmed hat poured herself a glass of white wine laced with fruit .
` ` it ca n't be just fruit juice and ginger ale . ''
it was definitely not something you 'd expect to see in the middle of orange county , a county famous for its desperate housewives , beaches and , perhaps , citrus fruits .
somewhere to the right , just off the road , was a rickety old fruit stand whose sign read simply : fresh strawberries .
before the fruit stand , however , were the train tracks , where the tracks ran between the industrial park and the farmland .
i marveled at the juicy fruit flavor as my taste buds sprang into action .
cursed shall be the fruit of thy body , and the fruit of thy land ... cursed shalt thou be when thou comest in , and cursed shalt thou be when thou goest out .
cursed shall be the fruit of thy body , and the fruit of thy land ... cursed shalt thou be when thou comest in , and cursed shalt thou be when thou goest out .
the cheering had finally died down , the principal had begun dismissing us section by section to go back to class , and the girl sitting next to me - who looked all of twelve years old , but was probably closer to my age - was holding out a stick of juicy fruit , a lopsided grin on her pixie face .
i topped the mixture with sliced bananas and drizzled honey over the fruit .
that 's why i 'd made chicken salad sandwiches on thick , honey - wheat bread , along with a fresh fruit salad .
i alternated with bites of my strawberry - and - kiwi fruit salad , tossed with lime juice , vanilla , and just a hint of honey .
finn also helped himself to a sandwich and some fruit , and we ate in silence .
the smell of warm fruit , sugar , and melted butter filled the kitchen , along with a blast of heat .
roslyn requested an ice water with lemon , a grilled cheese sandwich , and a fruit tray .
` ` sweetheart , does this look like the kind of place that serves fruit trays ? ''
` ` the only fruit i have in here is in the cherry pie .
spicy southwestern omelets , light - as - air blueberry pancakes , thick slabs of canadian bacon , a sweet , mango - strawberry - kiwi fruit punch .
i 'd made a little something for everyone , from yummy fruit pies and warm berry cobblers topped with vanilla bean ice cream , to sweet sugar cookies and rich , chewy fruitcakes .
i even let her buy me a tacky t - shirt that said i ' m a real peach above a picture of the fruit .
they dumped their bags on the table and started unpacking the items inside , which included some cheeses , crackers , chocolates , fresh fruit , a bottle of wine , and a couple of books .
in addition to the deep - fried macaroni , he was also scarfing down baked phyllo cups stuffed with creamy gourmet chicken - apple salad , pineapple boats piled high with a light , airy mixture of cream cheese and toasted slivered almonds , and mini fruit tarts topped with fresh blackberries , raspberries , and strawberries .
my sister nodded , but her eyes were fixed on the glass cake stand that was filled with the chocolate - dipped fruit .
the dark chocolate mousse pie , the fried chicken salad sandwiches , the chocolate - dipped fruit .
while the pancakes cooked , i also crisped up some bacon , put on a pot of chicory coffee , and made fruit smoothies with fresh - squeezed orange juice , vanilla yogurt , and a drizzle of sourwood honey that jo - jo had bought at some store called country daze , according to the label .
i turned the fruit this way and that , carefully scrutinizing every single part of it .
so i sank my teeth deep into the fruit , trying to tell myself that the bitter , rotten taste was normal - natural , even .
bacon , scrambled eggs , biscuits with sausage gravy , country - fried ham , stacks of toast with different kinds of fruit preserves .
i cut my stack of toast into triangles , sampling the strawberry , blackberry , and apricot preserves in turn , enjoying the bright burst of sweet , sticky fruit that tickled my tongue .
during the flares , one of the shrines randomly grows an apple tree , which bears fruit . ''
that 's why we guard the tree until the apples ripen and sacrifice the fruit to hades .
he took a slice , broke the fruit in half , and tossed it into his mouth .
a beautiful man reclined in the center , clad in gauzy robes and surrounded by nude women bearing fruit and garlands of flowers .
he padded across the floor strewn with sex toys and fruit , and jumped into the tub , holding andrea above the surface .
small terra - cotta replicas of arcane relics sat on the windowsills among the plastic fruit spilling from wicker cornucopias .
the metal cut through flesh like a knife through a ripe fruit .
merchant stalls sprouted here and there under bright canvas cloth , offering strange fruits in ornate crates , robotic parts , high - grade cybernetics , perfume , paint , caged creatures , weapons , and jewelry .
christians believe that when man was cast from the garden of eden by god , it was the fruit of the sidr tree that first gave him sustenance .
very carefully , almost gently , cedric swiped it off her hand , sat on his behind , and raised the fruit to his mouth , holding it with long , dark claws .
the black nose sniffed the apple , the jaws opened and closed , and the beast bit a small chunk from the fruit and chewed in obvious pleasure .
after all , he was the one who sent giguhl to test my immunity to the forbidden fruit .
when she still looked mystified , i said , ` ` the forbidden fruit has no effect on me . ''
she inhaled sharply out of surprise , forcing the forbidden fruit juice into her system .
to do that , i 'd need to inject a dose of the forbidden fruit into his system first , to strip away his immortality .
since the wooden stake had already injected the forbidden fruit into his system and removed his immortality , his girth went up in flames immediately .
i certainly was n't going to clue him in that the forbidden fruit had no effect on me .
i racked my brain , trying to remember if damara had ever been around when maisie and i discussed my immunity to the forbidden fruit .
i ' m immune to the forbidden fruit . ''
` ` the forbidden fruit does n't fall far from the tree , child .
normally , injecting some form of the forbidden fruit into a vampire 's bloodstream cancelled out their immortality and allowed them to be killed .
my vampire genes protected me from the poison , and my mixed blood saved me from the forbidden fruit , but nothing prevented me from blowing chunks all over the hekate council .
the forbidden fruit might not weaken him , but he would n't get very far without his head . ''
the instant the applewood handle pierced his skin , the forbidden fruit 's toxic juice robbed him of his immortality so the blade in his heart could do its job .
punching the plunger , he injected the vampire with a dose of the forbidden fruit .
` ` they can if they eat the forbidden fruit first . ''
did you know the forbidden fruit comes in hundreds of varieties ?
despite my own immunity to the forbidden fruit , i had n't ever really considered sitting down and actually eating one .
limbs heavy with the forbidden fruit , the trees clung to rocky crags like they were about to plunge to their deaths in the river below .
in order to kill a vampire , you had to first remove their immortality with a dose of the forbidden fruit 's toxic juice .
` ` nyx , i ' m immune to the forbidden fruit . ''
i chewed the mouthful of mealy fruit and swallowed quickly .
as her children , vampires were also immortal - unless their blood was exposed to the forbidden fruit .
` ` we grow a variety of fruit : peaches , persimmons , apricots , pomegranates , tangerines , lemons , and grapes .
andrea came into the room and showed us a plate of fruit .
we sat on the floor on the rug , the mostly empty platter of fruit between us .
it 's called forbidden fruit . ''
` ` i ' m not his fruit ! ''
i could disappear into these mountains and live a simple life : hunt , fish , grow fruit trees , and not have to worry about anything .
the table held three platters : fruit , meat , and cheese .
and more , his great - grandson , the fruit of his family tree , is an ignorant thug .
his scent radiated the distinct , rotten fruit smell of fear over the stench of way too much cologne , and stray thoughts leaked out between his now - deafening roar of what fifteen minutes could save on insurance .
cat , there is fruit , cheese , and chilled wine .
it smelled sickly sweet , like rotten fruit .
she was still talking to emery , although she had seen the commotion surrounding finn , since everyone in the restaurant was now looking at him like he was a few bananas short of a fruit salad .
detectives wearing suits and ties sprawled in their executive , leather chairs , gabbing on their phones , while others milled around the espresso machines that lined one section of the wall , along with wooden tables that boasted platters of fresh fruit , buttery croissants , and a dozen different kinds of danishes .
absently , i pushed my tray to the side , farther from his reach , while pushing the full fruit bowl in the center closer to him , as my eyes moved back and forth between his parents .
` ` corn , beans , fruit , chili , '' i read , twisting a few of the labels so i could see what they were .
he spent his youth in the pursuit of reckless pleasure and he found it in abundance in the fruit of the vine and the arms of gorgeous women .
peeking inside the boxes , she found everything she could possibly want , from the basics , like sugar and salt and pepper , to several kinds of bread and a variety of canned fruits and vegetables .
getting into her car , she drove to the grocery store to pick up a quart of milk , a dozen eggs , a loaf of bread , and some fresh fruit and vegetables .
she went out to lunch and a movie with tricia , went to the video store to return some videos , then to the market to pick up a quart of milk , cleaning supplies , and some fruit .
ana marveled at the variety of fresh fruits and vegetables that were available .
even though kari had already visited the produce department , ana luisa dragged rourke over that way , eager to show him the fresh fruits and vegetables .
he watched karinna as she bagged and weighed the fruits and vegetables she wanted and added them to her cart .
the clerk informed him that there were no rooms available without a reservation , but five minutes and one quick spell later , vilnius was relaxing in the bridal suite on the top floor , a bottle of expensive champagne and a basket of fruit awaiting his pleasure .
they had provided food , of course , finger sandwiches , cheese and crackers , fruit salad , and drinks .
the women tanned hides and gathered wild fruits and vegetables , the old men told the ancient stories .
a large trunk held numerous cans of fruit , meat , and vegetables , bottles of water , and juice .
returning home , she went into the kitchen to put her groceries away , surprised to find that she had bought mostly meat instead of the fruits , vegetables , and whole wheat bread that once made up most of her normal diet .
* * * chapter 3 verah reclined upon a bed covered with soft furs , a large bowl of exotic fruit at her fingertips , while a pair of handsome male servants hovered nearby , waiting to do her bidding .
milk , juice , eggs , cheese , and butter filled the refrigerator , along with a number of fresh fruits and vegetables .
this morning he served ham and cheese omelets , toast , fried potatoes , and a bowl of fruit .
moving to a covered table located against the wall , rhys lifted the cloth , revealing a bottle of vintage wine and an assortment of fruit , cheese , crackers , and chocolates .
` ` i ' m not much for fruit and cheese . ''
lifting a hand to her neck , she went inside and closed the door , wondering how she could still be hungry after all the fruit and cheese - and chocolate - she had eaten earlier .
fruits and vegetables held no appeal . ''
he did n't tell her that , among vampires , it was a common practice to add a little fresh blood to the fruit of the vine .
another feast awaited her in the main hall - fresh fruit and a square of cheese , a loaf of bread still warm from the oven , a pot of honey butter and another of jelly , a flagon of wine .
when she complained she was growing tired of wine , he bought an ice chest and kept it stocked with cans of soda , iced tea , and lemonade , as well as fruit and milk .
taking a seat at the trestle table , she pulled the tray toward her and lifted the lid , uncovering a meal of hard - boiled eggs , fruit , cheese , and a chocolate doughnut , along with a pot of tea .
she settled for a bowl of fruit and a cup of tea .
with a nod , he left the room , only to return moments later with a tray bearing a roast beef sandwich , a bowl of sliced fruit , and a cup of tea .
i also have a quiche with a side of fresh fruit , '' tess said .
` ` i 'll have the quiche and fresh fruit . ''
` ` would you like a side of fresh fruit with that ? ''
fruit and vegetable waste went in one container .
if they were n't spoiled , cores and other bits of fruit were left on feeders scattered throughout the courtyard - a food source for birds .
` ` i would recommend some fruit juice as well , '' dr . lorenzo said , studying meg .
` ` you ' ve turned asia into forbidden fruit , '' tess said .
` ` you ' ve read enough human stories to know the lure of forbidden fruit . ''
the girls had spent an entire week one year looking at captioned pictures of different kinds of fruit , from fresh to rotted .
in a prophecy , seeing fruit that had been rotting for a specific number of days could indicate the time a person had been missing ... or dead .
he walked back to hgr , detouring at a little bite for coffee and a fruit tart that he 'd sniffed earlier in the day .
the overflowing garbage cans that smelled like spoiled fruit seemed to hold up the fences , some of which looked rotted .
sara was the first to try every new diet endorsed by hollywood : low carbs , no carbs , all fruit on tuesday , all brown rice on wednesday , the crazier the better .
after she grabbed her tray of a danish and fruit , she hesitated in the back of the room , searching for a seat .
she 'd brought food over from her house again and even made some kind of salsa with chunks of fruit in it , mango maybe .
the two sat there , eating dipping their fruit and marshmallows into the fondue .
burying his face in her hair , he tried to focus on the sweet scent of fruit and spices she emitted , and not the luring scent of her powerful blood .
the tray of food was still there , heaped with fruits and breads .
he finished cutting the loaf and carried a plate of bread and fruit over to her .
for a couple weeks every year they 'd had an ample supply of fruit , and aching bellies .
they had brought the fruit back to the camps , willingly sharing it with everyone , but they had never revealed its location , and now that she thought about it , she did n't think anyone had ever asked .
food was set up on the counters , cheeses , breads , fruits , and meats were stacked neatly upon two plates .
she remained frozen for a moment , uncertain of what to do as she gazed upon the cheese , fruits , breads , and meats piled upon the tray .
she stabbed at some of the fruit before successfully spearing it with the strange utensil .
it fell about her in dark red waves that glimmered in the light flowing through the fruit trees surrounding them .
* * * aria popped the grape into her mouth , chewing the sweet fruit eagerly as she picked at the tray of food .
she heaped more fruits onto her plate , then some breads and meat .
she stared out the window , slowly rolling the fruit around in her mouth as she thought over the implications of that admission .
hunger , it was a foreign concept to her at the moment , as she munched on some more cheese and fruit .
refrigeration slows decomposition , in the same way it preserves fruits and vegetables and delays cold cuts from spoiling .
she had kept the luss children , keene and his eight - year - old sister , audrey , eating frosted flakes for lunch , and cubed fruit , things neeva had taken with her from the luss house when she 'd fled .
pooplo inside were taking what was loft of the spoiled fruit in the stalls in front , or canned goods from the omptying sholvos in back .
ho wo nt for a gold daggor , kopt noxt to a cornucopia of frosh fruit .
and thon nora saw the fruit .
the only frosh , not - canned fruit she had tasted in the past yoar or so were mushy applos from a dying troo in a groonwich villago courtyard .
she had trimmed out the spoiled spots with a multitool blado until the romaining fruit looked liko it had already boon oaton .
a tono rang , akin to a doorboll , and the womon sot asido thoir fruit or thoir roading matorial and pushed thomsolvos up from thoir chairs .
nora , once she know the foed was untaintod , grabbed a plum and mado quick work of it , dovouring the fruit .
bottor housing , bottor rations , two fruit and vogotablo sorvings por day .
thoy supplomonted the briof , two - to - throo - hour window of palo sunlight oach day with massivo indoor ultraviolot lamp farms : glowing groonhousos for fruits and vogotablos ; vast warohousos for chickon , pigs , and cattle .
we are on the southern continent of the planet known as avendor , and we are surrounded by gishi fruit groves .
adele walked onto the deck carrying a bowl of fresh fruit .
` ` you 're right on time , '' denise found a place for the fruit .
and we have a line on any other fresh fruit and vegetables you want . ''
` ` we grow a lot of fruit and vegetables , '' sam grinned at ashe as he backed out of the parking space .
i think they got into a fruit fight with jeff , hayes and larry .
and we have to go back to picking fruit on monday . ''
trees were corent 's strength - he could make a tree grow in a tenth of the normal time and the fruit that grew on his trees was the best quality .
tiearan said that leaving the pulp in at this stage left more of the fruit taste for later .
` ` we 're ordering ovens and ice - cream machines and setting things up to get the fruit , milk and other ingredients straight from the farms , '' grant said .
we caught sight of redbird once ; she was carrying a basket of fruit while little toff trotted along behind her .
neither of them was satisfied with sitting on the opposite side of the booth at a nearby bar , so i was wedged between rigo and norian while i sipped a fruit drink .
any kind of fruit you were partial to ? ''
` ` your favorite fruits or vegetables they grow there ? ''
` ` i love the coral fruit , '' pearlina said .
we have deer sandwiches , coral fruit , grassberry dessert with cream .
` ` pearlina , for coral fruit and a grassberry dessert , were the vampire 's warlocks taking the lion snakes far to send them out for assassinations ? ''
we 'd gone over the worlds that had the fruit , vegetables and other things pearlina mentioned .
i was digging around in the cold keeper and pulling out a bottle of fruit juice when he walked in .
therefore , taxes from the exports , combined with taxes from the fruit , vegetables and meats sold to the gambling cities , went toward the crown 's expenses .
` ` forbidden fruit , '' he agreed and led me to my seat .
those trees might not bear fruit this season .
paulin had his portfolio of drawings slung over a shoulder as he stopped at a fruit stand , one of many small shops lining the streets amid the poorer sections of hraede 's capital city .
smells of cooking wafted past them as they followed paulin when he continued down the cobblestone street , eating his fruit and glancing about .
we 'd come to a small clearing , surrounded by trees that bore knobs of fruit .
the other rooms had everything from fresh flowers to food or fruit waiting , and some even had servants and escorts .
avocado trees , fruit trees , nut trees - they grew in huge groves and many had only the barest beginnings of fruit upon them .
avocado trees , fruit trees , nut trees - they grew in huge groves and many had only the barest beginnings of fruit upon them .
` ` fruit , berries and protein , '' wylend smiled and convinced me to try it .
we hammered out more details over plates of fruit , vegetables and turkey sandwiches , while the vampires enjoyed bottles of blood substitute .
` ` supplies are short as well , and we can not count on any fruit or vegetable shipments from the southern continent ; the eruptions of the volcano have destroyed all the crops .
orliff and i were served tea and small pieces of dried fruit dipped in sugar .
i asked , before putting fruit in the basket .
winkler ordered another beer and the hooker asked for another fruit drink .
just as a practical joke , i threw in a couple bags of salad , fruit juice , bananas and apples , plus a few gourmet cheeses .
he was cutting up fruit for a fruit salad when i walked in .
he was cutting up fruit for a fruit salad when i walked in .
i fling my arm toward the door , hitting the tube of cryo liquid and embryos so hard that the embryos inside jiggle like fruit in gelatin .
for instance , i could have told you that many of the lanterns in the library looked like types of fruits and vegetables .
` ` they 're all designed to look like one fruit or another , '' bastille said .
i sipped some fruit juice .
' and did you know that last - paging is the largest cause of cancer in domesticated fruit bats ? '
i avoid the main line and go straight to the counter with the choose - your - own fruit and bread , even though the pasta smells amazing .
it explodes in my mouth , and i ' m so startled by the juice that i nearly spit it out.the flavor is intense , more like grape candy than actual fruit .
parisians swing by the markets every day for the ripest fruit and vegetables , and they frequent specialty shops for cheese , fish , meat , poultry , and wine .
amid the trees are devilish wood sprites and red mushroom caps with white spots and faeries tempting mortals with golden fruit .
cricket returns a minute later with a broom and a metal basket of fruit .
he removes the fruit , one by one , and sets them on his dresser .
i 'll just go get some juicy fruit , okay ? ''
it is n't entirely like a james bond movie - he is careful not to knock down passersby or vendors of fruit .
and my dad would make his famous fried eggs , and izzy would set the table like she sometimes does at holidays , with different mismatched plates and fruit and flowers that she gathers from around the house and dumps in the middle of the table and calls a ` ` thenterpeeth . ''
and the heavenly cherubs will play tiny ukuleles of joy and you will lay incense and coniferous fruits at my altar . ''
` ` coniferous fruits and goddess worship .
phoebe had unearthed a box of fruit gushers , and she offered me a pack .
austin shrugged and ate a handful of fruit gushers .
we were playing fruit assassin on austin 's ipad , trying to sabotage each other with renegade swipes .
i stared out at the migrant workers in the strawberry fields , breaking their backs to harvest off - season fruit , and i thought about how i 'd rather do that today .
i watched my friends climb into the team van that afternoon , their luggage filled with baguettes and liquor and fruit by the foot , and then i went home and played this useless video game with the sound off so i would n't miss it if toby called .
i ' m thinkin ' of bolstering this argument by reminding her that jesus , his own holy self , had poured a good deal of the fruit of the vine down his own holy neck during his tour of duty on earth , and even changed some water into wine to make up for a lack of it one time - at a wedding , i think it was .
maybe i would buy some fruit .
some ... . canned fruit .
perusing the spread of sandwiches , fruit , cookies and drinks , mishaun touches emma 's arm lightly , saying , ` ` do n't fall asleep standing up .
* * * * * * * * * emma after the day 's filming , i was too tired to think clearly , let alone do any more than change into boxers and a t - shirt , order a bowl of fruit from room service , take a few bites , and collapse .
emma 's list : cold bottled water and a bowl of fruit .
i do n't remember if my mother wore perfume or if her shampoo was scented like flowers or fruit , but i remember the minty smell of the kitchen after she 'd wiped down the countertops .
minutes later , i ' m skirting the crowd with a bowl of fruit and an iced tea when one of our corporate volunteers veers directly towards me , ogling the photographers gathered on the neighbor 's roof .
the bowl flies up , chunks of fruit tossed in every direction .
with a yard ful of people looking on , plus several yards ful of photographers , i ' m lying halfway on top of reid , who is sprawled on the ground , holding me tightly , blinking as the blue sky rains fruit on top of us .
mortified , i stare down at my soggy , fruit laden outfit .
running my fingers over my head , i pluck out bits of fruit , struggling not to picture what might get into the gossip rags or , oh gol y , on the internet tomorrow : unbalanced fan tackles heartthrob , see page 2 .
` ` hey , make sure i do n't have any stray fruit in my hair , wil you ? ''
raspberry seeds are tangled along a strand a few inches over , and i give up and comb my fingers across his scalp , checking for concealed fruit .
at first i think he 's spied another piece of fruit in my hair , so i do n't react right away when he lifts his hand .
out of nowhere i remember the fruit fal ing from the sky , so surreal .
when she ran her fingers across my scalp to search for stray bits of fruit , i had a sharp , three - second vision of her lying under me in my bed , her hands thrusting into my hair as i lean down to kiss her ... ` ` earth to reid . ''
once again , i gave in to the impulse to kiss her , though truth be told i ' ve wanted to kiss her since the moment she fel into my arms and the sky rained fruit onto our heads .
* * * * * * * * * dori i shoved reid away and took a five - day breather when he tried to kiss me the first time , right after the fruit bowl incident .
in the warmth and close quarters , every breath i take as i wash and shampoo catalogues the trace of almonds and exotic fruit and answers reid .
` ` detangler , '' he says , running it through my hair , his fingers careful y separating strands while i recal him picking bits of fruit from my hair , in a different bathroom , a mil ion years ago .
without turning , i continue peeling the orange in my hand , separating the continue peeling the orange in my hand , separating the smooth rind from the fruit below by tearing pieces away and dropping them into the sink .
as luck would have it , what i grab is a bowl of fruit and an iced tea , and my ears go hot remembering the first time reid tried to kiss me , when i shoved him away .
i feel bad because i took sean 's fruit roll - up and hid it in my pyjama drawer .
kathryn 's charged me with assembling a fruit salad to keep me occupied ( read : i ' m driving her up the wall with my anxious patrolling around the house ) .
to my son , everything is better dipped in cheese - except fruit .
he takes us about , pointing out edible plants and fruits and nuts and clams and such , and i ' m thinking i 'll be sticking to my usual salt pork and weevily biscuit , thank you .
the doe sniffed at the fruit .
there was fruit , too : segments of pear , glossy cherries , soft smiles of red apple .
` ` i do n't like fruit , '' he explains .
cut up the salad and fruit .
i picked up the chocolate lined bowl and dumped it in the sink , filling it with water while i scraped the scraps of vegetables and fruit from the countertop into the trash .
it reminded me of an overly sugared fruit punch .
lena backed through the door , carrying a huge silver tray , piled high with exotic - looking fruits that definitely were not from south carolina .
` ` you want your jelly to sparkle and your fruit not to float .
a small trickle of juice ran from the corner of his mouth as he spoke and gestured toward the paper with the forbidden fruit .
some fruit ?
and someone was partaking in its forbidden fruit .
i set a plate of cold cuts and a bowl of fruit in front of her , along with a can of grape soda - her favorite .
she 'd gotten a taste of the forbidden fruit , and then regretted it .
around the lower branches , ruby - red fruit hung in the air .
` ` gods ... '' it was steep , covered with grassy patches , exposed roots , trees with enormous black , teardrop - shaped fruit hanging from their branches , and what i seriously hoped were fragments of pale rock - not bones , like they appeared .
halfway to the top , a twittering sound rose above the canopy of odd fruit .
the branches above us began to shudder , rocking the giant fruit .
i think ... it 's coming from the fruit . ''
the door to the living area opened , and aiden came in carrying a plate of fruit and roasted turkey slices .
taking it from him , we spent the next several minutes gorging on the meat and fruit .
three are coming and going from an area under the staircase that probably leads into a kitchen , each carrying different types of food ; fruit mostly , which is carried up the stairs toward a wide - open section overlooking the downstairs floor and where i ' m certain aramei is being kept .
one brings up a plate of fresh fruit and vegetables with ranch dressing and some other weird - smelling sauce that i really have no interest in .
i lift my eyes to eva and say , ` ` would you mind bringing me some fruit ? ''
i kneel in front of aramei once more and squeeze the fruit so that a little of its juice comes to the surface .
` ` fruit flies .
guys with the at ention span of fruit flies . ''
she was carrying a platter of fruit and a pitcher of wine .
dreams : izil and the thing on his back , its bloated face the brown - purple of bruised fruit , and the angel staring straight at karou like he could ignite her with his eyes .
she 'd never had christmases or birthday parties when she was little , but once she was old enough to leave the shop on her own , she 'd loved to bring back little things for issa and yasri - flowers , weird fruit , blue lizards , spanish fans .
the lovers moved languidly into the small temple , where they sipped from the sacred spring and ate bread and fruit that madrigal had brought .
there had been charred orbs swaying in its boughs , and karou had n't understood what they were until she 'd heard some soldiers talking of using ` ` the arza fruit '' for archery practice .
she had n't even thought - stupid , stupid - before saying , ` ` oh , that 's fruit ?
` ` you could pick those bastards like fruit , '' zuzana said , reaching up and waggling her fingers at them .
you 're a fresher fruit than some others who ' ve come my way .
for something like this- '' ` ` a basket of fruit ? ''
joram was incredulous , and then- '' a basket of fruit !
only that it had something to do with a basket of fruit .
57 a basket of fruit ` ` a basket of fruit , '' repeated akiva , incredulous .
57 a basket of fruit ` ` a basket of fruit , '' repeated akiva , incredulous .
and then ... a basket of fruit .
it was n't a basket of envoys ' heads or entrails ; the fruit was n't even poisoned .
it was just fruit , of some tropical variety unknown in the empire .
` ` well , '' said hazael , ` ` that would be the manner of delivery of the basket of fruit .
please enjoy this lovely fruit while contemplating all the ways we might kill you in your sleep . ''
in the wake of the basket of fruit , it was reported that joram kept to the tower of conquest , and had even suspended his audience with citizens .
her tears would n't make it to the sea ; they would water date palms in some oasis ; they would become fruit and be eaten , and perhaps be wept again through other eyes .
wendy shoved a few ketchup - slathered fries into her mouth before opening the wrapper on her fruit pie .
like a summer fruit that is protected from insect invasion , bruising , and rot by the whole mechanism of modern farming ; so must we protect the heart . ''
there 's a basket at the foot of the blanket , filled with half - rotten fruit , swarmed by tiny black ants .
on it are foods i have n't had in forever : fresh fruit and vegetables , bread , cheese .
as i passed underneath , i finally realized what the shapes looked like : fruit .
i thought of my own empty stomach and how i 'd become acutely aware of it only after passing under the archway with the fruit .
did the fruit arch have a stronger effect on them than it did on me ?
there , in the center of a large chamber surrounded by the fire walls , was an ornate wooden table with a large bowl of fruit .
i always thought of them as unripe fruit .
he was made to stand in a pool of water under a fruit tree with low - hanging branches .
each time he reached up to pluck some fruit , the branches lifted out of reach .
in a sea of pine trees , there was one bushy fruit tree right by the edge of the water .
the myth of tantalus talked about a fruit tree .
we followed jack as he navigated a pathway to the fruit tree , keeping us close to the water .
well , small from where we sat in the fruit tree .
i grabbed it and turned toward the fruit tree , raising the sickle over my head .
` ` what are you , a fruit ? ''
joanna did a lap of the place , marveling at how many types of barley there were to choose from , ogling the flowers in the extensive plant nursery tucked away in the corner of the store , perusing the pottery , handblown glass , and folk - art weather vanes that were displayed near the fruits and vegetables .
no principe della mafia and his sweet forbidden fruit .
looking through the menu , haven ordered french toast while dominic rattled off a list of eggs , bacon , sausage , pancakes , fruit , and toast .
it looks like the heads have fallen from the tree like rotten fruit .
i appreciated the effort , especially after hearing the story of how your mom and you made them when you were little - with ` ` chocolate chips '' and yellow fruits called ` ` bananas . ''
we sit in the middle of the blankets as she pulls out some sandwiches , fruit , and sodas .
my entire body felt like it had been slipped into a fruit juicer .
my aunt winked as she pulled a grape from a bowl of fruit on the corner of my mother 's desk .
i just sat there wondering what grandma morgan would say if she knew what we were doing - no doubt something about forbidden fruit .
what is it they say , the greener the fruit , the easier it turns ? ''
but kat could n't let herself be distracted , not by the high - end boutiques that lined the narrow alleys , not even by the smell of pasta or massive displays of fresh fruit that filled the stalls of the open - air markets .
as i arrange a plate of fruit , i take my time and cut little pieces of banana and melon in these shapes jessica 's mom taught me .
little cut - up fruit in the shape of a clown face is a definite crowd pleaser .
i watch as a woman , wearing her head covered and in full traditional muslim attire , brings a tray of fruit and sets it in front of tarik .
` ` you guys are in charge of hanging the fruit in the sukkah .
did anyone ever tell you you smell like fruit ? ''
i yell , ignoring the fruit comment for the moment .
using markers and glitter and construction paper , we drew up an elaborate menu that listed our offerings : fruit punch kool - aid , microwaved popcorn , fish sticks , and macaroni and cheese .
a fruit punch gatorade sits in the center console along with a heap of coins .
i bet it totally rocks the socks off the fruit loops i had for breakfast .
vee was on the colorwheel fruit diet .
three red fruits a day , two blue , a handful of green ... she held up an apple chip , examining it front to back .
the vanilla bean is a fruit .
a brown fruit . ''
` ` one red fruit coming right up , '' she said , offering me the box .
` ` let me guess ... cinnamon is a fruit ? ''
i ' m looking forward to hearing the fruit connection . ''
and avocados are a fruit .
together they tempted and convinced eve to eat the forbidden fruit , opening the gates guarding eden .
` ` i ' ve already filled all my green fruit slots today , but if you tell me avocados are yellow , i ' m in business . ''
the smell of burned fruit and chemical spices stung all the way down the back of my throat .
i snatched a banana from the fruit bowl , then headed for the front door .
milk , fruit , leftover beef stroganoff .
she sounds like a six - year - old reciting lines from a school play about the food groups : you mean you 're supposed to eat five servings of fruit and vegetables a day ?
the fruit 's almost always canned .
how is it possible that a fruit simply ceases to exist from one coast to another ? ''
it was the fruit i 'd dropped , a single bite taken out of the flesh , like snow white 's poisoned apple .
an enormous white tree stood in the very center , bearing fruit that looked like human heads .
puck went hunting for firewood and came back with an armful , plus a branch bearing strange blue fruits he swore were safe to eat .
platters of meat and fish , raw fruits and vegetables , tiny cakes , candies , bottles of wine , and a huge roast pig with an apple in its mouth as the centerpiece .
even the redcap on the table locked up , then fell into a bowl of fruit salad .
brownies appeared from nowhere , scurrying to recover the lost fruit as it rolled about the tile .
he sneered and bared his teeth , but then razor knocked over a platter of fruit , and he hurried off with a curse .
have a fruit basket . ''
she nodded , plucking one of the small fruits and staring at it curiously .
kenzie offered a fruit to razor , but the gremlin wrinkled his nose , bared his teeth and scampered to keirran 's shoulder .
the branches were bent under the weight , and the grass around the trunk was scattered with red , bulbous fruit .
` ` no , '' i muttered , casting another glance toward the lines of fruit trees .
the orchard was still , with no birds pecking at the fruit , no signs of deer , raccoons , rodents or anything .
` ` nothing is allowed to eat the fruit here .
` ` the point is , we do n't want to let them catch us trespassing , and we really do n't want to steal their fruit .
they were all massive , ancient things , with thick trunks and gnarled branches overly full of bright red fruit .
the apple tree was perched on its head , still shedding fruit that bounced off its massive body , and it would ' ve been comical if it was n't completely terrifying .
the gatekeeper glared at the summer fey , but a second later , the flap at the bottom swung up , and a bowl of strange orange fruits was shoved out .
` ` well , better grab a few of those things , '' he said , nodding to the fruit in front of the door .
` ` lots of fun with that little fruit .
kenzie handed me a trio of the small orange fruit , and i took them reluctantly .
kenzie shivered and quickly popped a fruit into her mouth before i could stop her .
i 'd wanted to hold off eating the faery fruit for as long as i could , but my willpower was rapidly disintegrating with all my body warmth , and i shoved a fruit into my mouth , swallowing quickly .
i 'd wanted to hold off eating the faery fruit for as long as i could , but my willpower was rapidly disintegrating with all my body warmth , and i shoved a fruit into my mouth , swallowing quickly .
i swallowed and felt the little fruit burn a path down to my stomach , easing some of the pain .
vendors at outdoor stalls hawk fruits and vegetables .
one of the few things i like about this restaurant is the virgin margaritas - they 're made with fresh fruit .
he picks up a tube of fruit flies from the desk , examining it with a slightly amused expression .
things like halibut with an orange tequila jalapeno beurre blanc with kiwi fruit .
i walk around the fruit stalls , the clothing stalls , making my way toward the electronics stalls where prateek told me to find him .
i hate cherry pie , i hate cherries in my fruit cocktail or on top of a hot fudge sundae .
i focus my attention in the opposite direction , as if the painting of the fruit bowl on the wall is the most interesting object i ' ve ever laid eyes on .
` ` five days ' worth of dried fruit and nuts .
as we 're cleaning , when i know the others are n't looking , i throw into a bag the nonperishable items i plan to take to the cave today : dried fruits and berries , nuts , a can of tuna fish , a can of beans .
i drop the bag beside the stream , remove the nonperishables , and place them on the rock ledge , which already holds several chocolate bars , small bags of granola , oatmeal , cereal , powdered milk , a jar of peanut butter , and various cans of fruits , vegetables , and soup .
it looks like a strange fruit and i half expect him to squeeze it to produce juice .
a blonde girl sits next to him quietly eating a piece of fruit .
it was nearly empty when i finally got there , and the food options were slim : a packet of freeze - dried karo fruit ; a plate of mushy , lukewarm flurrah grain .
we ' ve got shelter and water , and although we went through the meager rations in the guard tower pretty quickly , i ' ve managed to find small stores of food scattered around the ruins of the dulce base : military rations and crackers and chips and dried fruit .
i grabbed an apple out of the fruit bowl and took a bite .
there was a pause as he bit into the shiny red fruit .
she eats sparingly , mourning either vegetables that are no longer grown here or fruit that used to be imported .
the boy considers the dwindling fruit and lines up behind a child who ca n't possibly be more than five years old .
when they see that father has given out the last of the fruit , the guards gather around us and hurry us away from all the outstretched hands .
another corner of the compound held gardens - from where he was standing thomas recognized corn , tomato plants , fruit trees .
he pointed to the northeast corner , where the fields and fruit trees were located .
thomas joined him on the ground and they attacked their modest lunch of sandwiches and sliced fruit .
at least its fruit i ' m reaching for and not something else . ''
the rest of my sisters , denied access to the ship , grab fruit and other things from the vendors on the wharf and wing them toward the officers on the deck of the juno , often with great effect .
and a halfway decent bottle of wine made , it was said , from the fruit of the wild grapevines we had seen growing along the shore .
` ` did you smell anything odd , similar to rotten fruit ? ''
the athropophagi were a hundred feet away now , and i could smell them , an odor unlike any i had ever encountered , a noxious smell i can only liken to that of rotten fruit .
the light flooded down ; the smell of the dead anthropophagus roiled up , a sickening stench like rotting fruit enmeshed with the unmistakable odor of biological decay .
the apple - cheeked purveyor of , among other fruits and vegetables , apples , dropped his hands upon my shoulders and peered with sparkling green eyes into my upturned face .
the room stank of blood , and hanging in the air was the same nauseating stench of rotten fruit i had smelled in the cemetery .
and then i smelled it , a sickly sweet odor like rotten fruit , faintly at first , becoming stronger with each agonizing yard , a nauseating stench that burned my nose and lodged sourly in the back of my throat .
i was bound by the bitter fruit of my own forgetfulness .
it was not the fruit of the vine that killed narcissus , after all .
the poets will lie upon the shores of babylon and weep , poisoned by the fruit that grows from the ground where the muses ' corpses rot .
remember , he that would have fruit must climb the tree . ''
` ` blessed is the fruit of thy womb ... ... '' another crow hopped out from the shadows .
in dry weather , dust storms of pulverized manure blew through the broad avenues or floated like the volcanic ash of pompeii , piling half an inch deep upon windowsills and the stalls of the fruit vendors and sausage sellers , particles fine enough to be inhaled .
the patrons - they were all male - sat about in small groups , smoking sisha , a fruit - flavored tobacco , from ornate water pipes .
it is irrevocable , like the fruit from eden 's tree : once it 's tasted , there is no going back .
` ` like the fruit from eden 's tree . ''
` ` there 's fruit salad and potato salad and chips .
tawny and mom brought in the meal , which consisted of a spinach , walnut and strawberry salad for me , grilled chicken for everyone else , potato salad , and fruit salad and a cheesecake for desert .
i return the strawberries to the fridge , then root around my smoothie with my spoon , looking for more pieces of fruit that escaped the blender .
this is n't some , some nothing- '' i fling one hand out , accidentally hitting the waterford crystal fruit bowl full of lemons , sending it flying toward the wall , splintering on the tile floor with a jarring crash , lemons bouncing everywhere .
i just hope they do n't name their daughter after a f**king fruit . ''
do n't name them after fruits or months .
just do n't name your children after months or fruits .
because i already sang his noticing song back to him , and i told him about tikkun olam , which seems like such a random thing but it 's really important and sacred to me , and i ' m thinking if we name our first son salvatore , that 's not the name of a fruit or a month , and lots of not 100 % straight people procreate , right ?
at some point the porch light had clicked on , and dodge had seen a heavy woman , with a face like a pulpy fruit , wearing a tentlike nightgown and no shoes , maneuver her bulk out onto the porch and light up a cigarette .
if nola would n't be so wishy - washy about her choice of fruit ... alex caught me checking him out .
it smells like fruit and flowers and somethin ' else i ca n't place all rolled into one .
she assembled a million random things - dried fruit , those flat rubber thingies you use to get jars open , ceramic chickens ( emily 's mom was chicken - obsessed ) , a guide to rosewood inns , whatever - into a big wicker welcome basket .
the kitchen smelled like mint tea and fresh fruit .
you wo n't believe what you find.-a chapter 16 it 's the queen bee 's knees hanna and iris sat at a round table in the preserve at addison - stevens ' cafe , with steaming lattes , homemade organic yogurt , and fresh fruit cups in front of them .
hanna had awoken this morning atop 1,000 - thread - count sheets , well rested for the first time in what seemed like years , and her legs already looked thinner from the organic fruits and veggies she 'd been eating .
the scent of fresh - cut grass tickled her nostrils , and as she got closer , she saw that mrs . schultz was setting out a big jug of fruit punch - flavored gatorade , her favorite .
there was a green watering can on the steps , daffodils peeking up in the flower beds , and a fruit wreath on the door .
green , globelike fruit hung in bunches from the branches , and a sweet , pleasant odor filled the air .
colin reached into his bag and pulled out two ready - made fruit salads , a wrapped cheese plate , and two bottles of aminospa .
joannie and daniel delight in the piles of sweetened tropical fruit placed on the table - oranges , grapefruit , pomegranates , passion fruit , bananas - and the drinks made from them , as well as a rice water and sugar mixture that they especially like .
joannie and daniel delight in the piles of sweetened tropical fruit placed on the table - oranges , grapefruit , pomegranates , passion fruit , bananas - and the drinks made from them , as well as a rice water and sugar mixture that they especially like .
it seemed to me that seeds planted with bloody fingers should yield a bitter fruit , but i did n't express my reservations .
the elder stepped over to a rough wood shelf , currently full of canned fruit .
your account would contain information about the fruit , never mentioning the flower . ''
it smelled like rotten fruit only with more yeast , combined lightly with unwashed bodies .
we each had shallow wooden bowls and spoons , but so far , we 'd eaten mostly foraged fruits and nuts , along with meat roasted on the spit .
i had made such promises before , after appleton and lorraine , after i wiped the rotten fruit off my face .
fluffy scrambled eggs and hot buttered muffins , warm tea and a dish of fruit ; it reminded me of the feasts momma oaks used to make .
soon there would be tubers and fruit on the trees , more berries and wild greens .
gavin and i traveled without trouble ; and in the fall , it was easy to find forage - berries and nuts , ripe fruit on wild trees and fat hares lazy from eating all summer long .
they were sketches , realistically rendered , much like one might see an art student do of a bowl of fruit .
melody looked up from her plate of fruit .
sure enough , there was water down here , and fruit juice and wine , as well as a kettle for tea .
it had a strong flavor of fruit , a touch of cinnamon , and there was something else in it , too .
at least a little fruit .
the same idea had obviously occurred to xemerius , who was crouching in the fruit bowl on the breakfast table .
i 'd been given a hamper to take along with me , containing rugs , a thermos flask of hot tea , biscuits ( of course ) , and fruit cut up small in a lunch box .
so in the year 1953 , i ate first the fruit , then the biscuits , and finally i nestled down under the rugs and stretched out on the sofa .
while mr . marley , after greeting me with a single nod , was making his entry in the journal ( probably something along the lines of instead of doing her duty , that spoilsport ruby lounged around in the year 1953 , feeding her face with fruit ) , i asked him whether dr . white was still in the building .
as a result of this treatment , which i do not hesitate to describe as torture , elisabetta lost the fruit of her womb that same night .
pure fruit juice , fresh fruit , green food coloring - organic !
pure fruit juice , fresh fruit , green food coloring - organic !
and you could do fruit nachos . ''
i see women and children starving to death , homes destroyed and buried in rubble , the countryside a burnt landscape , its only fruit the rotting flesh of casualties .
not just strange bouillon cubes designed to go into automats , but fruit and vegetables .
i hand the yellow fruit to adam .
i almost ate something i thought was fruit before i realized it smelled like ass . ''
a spoonful of fruit loops goes into his mouth .
` ` and a fruit tray .
` ` i also remembered the fruit .
there were deviled eggs , dips , chips , chicken wings , cheeses , fruit and veggie trays , and every kind of finger food imaginable .
their hope had born fruit , while hers ... maria shook her head , determined not to dwell on the past .
fresh , local fruits and delicious indian breads , eggs with curry and turmeric , fresh soft cheeses and homemade yogurt surrounded me , and i was determined to try some of everything .
i swallowed the burning liquid hinting of dried fruit , choked on the powerful liquor .
it crashed past him and into the kitchen , skidding across the table and smashing his mother 's fruit bowl and some glasses that had been left there .
the fruits brushed eureka 's bare shoulders on their way to the earth .
our table was still laden with fresh fruit and flowers furnished from the grisha hothouses , where they made their own weather .
the air was thick with the smell of apple blossoms , but the fruit was far too small and green to eat .
the nichevo'ya reached the masts of the schooner , whirling around the sails , plucking sailors from the rigging like fruit .
count minkoff was apparently known for breeding dwarf fruit trees , and the hallways of the dacha were lined with clever little topiaries that filled the rooms with the sweet scent of peaches and plums .
what exactly is the point of teeny tiny fruit ? ''
i suspect they lack for excitement out here amid the fruit trees . ''
you really should eat more fruit .
there 's cream cheese , fruit , orange juice , and coffee .
estella put us to work setting the table and slicing fruit as she scurried between fridge and stove , shooing dmitri ( who was clearly in search of his breakfast ) out of her way and asking me a steady stream of questions as she worked .
mr . coleman spooned some of the fruit salad onto his plate and smiled at estella .
based on the books i 'd been reading , everything from the automatic dishwasher to juicy fruit gum was being displayed to the visitors at the exposition .
kiernan came back about ten minutes later with hot dogs , fresh fruit , and more lemonade .
` ` she should just invest in a fruit of the month club .
how comfortable would you feel getting nak*d in front of a multitude of strangers and posing with a bowl of fruit ? ''
jules , on a whim , made a yogurt parfait with low fat yogurt , fresh fruit , and honey baked granola .
we 'd given her a ton of stuff to remember - the bread had to be the club 's signature gluten - free variety and the fruit salad could contain only grapes , pineapple , and star fruit - no melon or strawberries .
we 'd given her a ton of stuff to remember - the bread had to be the club 's signature gluten - free variety and the fruit salad could contain only grapes , pineapple , and star fruit - no melon or strawberries .
` ` and star fruit ? ''
another table held a bunch of bottles of soda , fruit punch , and ginger ale , and two big jugs of beefeater and cuervo .
her wide jaw worked a fresh piece of juicy fruit gum .
of course it would be sutton 's favorite fruit .
` ` so , girls , '' lili said as she peeled the fruit .
ethan turned toward the crowd for a moment , watching as a waiter passed with a tray full of fruit tortes .
but there were signs of neglect here , too - half - rotten fruit lay where it had fallen under a fig tree .
she pictured her painting houses in bright colors , or selling fruit from a roadside stand , or learning to guide a skiff down the river from some patient , kind mentor .
some people were clearly still working , despite the weekend , some were family - types on their way to kids ' activities , some were couples in love , some are merely picking up coffee on their walk of shame home , and some were just enjoying their saturday morning with nothing better to do than sip lattes and eat fruit tartlets .
i hesitated long enough so ryder could lead the way to the big cement table where a huge spread of scrambled eggs , bacon , sausage , rolls , sausage gravy and bowl of fruit were laid out .
i ' m going to grab hold of this night and crack it open , eat the fruit right out of the middle , and throw away the rind .
on the table , there 's a plate of fruit and a pitcher of iced tea , which , of course , is unnecessary for me since i have my big 7up .
she sits there staring at the fruit tray .
she 's still looking at the fruit tray .
hidden by towering palms and date trees sagging with the weight of their fruit , the baths were made from the same sea green and cobalt tiles that had formed the mosaic in the master 's chamber , kept cool by white awnings jutting out from the walls of the building .
platters of grilled , fragrant meats ; bowls full of spherical , spiced grains ; fruits and dates ; and pitcher after pitcher of water .
it was a holiday to feast on the fruits of the harvest and those of the flesh .
the roof of the apothecary was an enclosed glass greenhouse , filled with flowers and potted plants and fruit trees that had been hung with little glittering lights .
we silently moved through the fruit , cutting and hulling .
i wanted to put my mouth on that tip and suck it like the juicy piece of fruit it reminded me of .
instead , it was knowing that what i was doing was fake , a trick , no more worth gracing the cover of a magazine than a bowl of fruit .
i chew the ripe fruit , thinking about the past days .
row after row of decaying fruits and vegetables spread out around her in endless lines .
` ` we give , fruit reaper !
` ` i 'll talk to him as soon as he calls off the fruit war .
rotten fruit was one thing .
she 'd seen its rotten fruit and rusted walls .
dried fruits that were still edible .
she drank some water but could n't manage more than a few pieces of the dried fruit .
he pushed a handful of dried fruit at her along with a cluster of thistle roots he 'd dug up earlier .
she kept the fruit but handed the roots back .
she was inspecting each piece of fruit before she ate it .
i get fruit three times a day .
with their nerves settling , they ate a quick meal of cheese and dried fruits they 'd packed from marron 's .
` ` i was out for a walk and thought i might bring you back some apricots from the fruit stand on the corner . ''
rosa takes it and empties the fruit into a bowl on the table , beaming that angela is so thoughtful .
he 's forbidden fruit .
and sam standing in the middle in the living room looked like a juicy piece of fruit in a shitty basket .
ryan then put on a little performance in the living room , both by shaking his booty and then kissing the hell out of ellie until she was the one red as a fruit .
` ` i 'll take one without the fruit . ''
mom cracked the eggs in a separate bowl while i lifted two bananas out of the fruit basket on the counter .
rotten , like fruit left too long on the vine .
the fruits seem to suck it up avidly .
i do not go up and offer the fruit to the policia , oh , no .
` ` blessed art thou among women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , jesus .
there was a small dining room table on the right side of the room and it was covered in chocolate covered strawberries , fruit , more white candles and red and white roses .
i smiled as i looked at the champagne and all of the fruit on the table .
a bottle of wine with two glasses sat next to a large tray of fruit and chocolate - covered strawberries on the kitchen table .
she was standing at the sink , cutting up vegetables and fruit .
i looked at a bowl of fresh fruit sitting next to a plate full of scrambled eggs , two pieces of whole wheat toast , and blueberry muffins along with a glass of orange juice .
gunner sat down next to me and pulled out a bowl full of fresh fruit , a strawberry - banana yogurt , and an orange juice .
we walked into the kitchen and i opened the refrigerator and pulled out some fruit and cheese to make a platter .
` ` no thanks , '' i said with a smile and went back to cutting up fruit .
as i followed amanda , i noticed there was a tray of chocolate - covered strawberries and another tray that had fruit and cheese on it .
` ` a lot of thanksgiving dinner , some cinnamon goodness , some fruit attack . ''
i stock up on yogurt and kale and fruits and vegetables i bet have never graced the parker household before .
` ` you should have gone for the fruit . ''
' i would so much love to have a jumbly big elefunt and go riding through green forests picking peachy fruits off the trees all day long .
i would love to go somewhere else and pick peachy fruits in the early morning from the back of an elefunt . '
' and peachy fruits as well .
i filled my pockets with fruit , with apples and oranges and hard brown pears .
a fig tree grew beside the shed , although we had never tasted ripe fruit from the tree , only seen the huge leaves and the green fruits .
a fig tree grew beside the shed , although we had never tasted ripe fruit from the tree , only seen the huge leaves and the green fruits .
i ate a banana and a pear , then hid the rest of the fruit beneath the wooden table .
in the orchards , though their skins split with sweetness , fallen fruit lay unmolested , and children played barefoot with impunity .
the rain beaded on the snake 's scaly head , but not one of the tree 's fruits dropped on it .
he had walked a long time , and even through his dark glasses he could make out the green and red blossoms , the purple fruit on the branches , the orange melons on the vines .
thighs too heavy - must not a trunk be strong to bear the weight ? -belly too round - should the fruits of the tree be sere and wasted , then ? -hair too nappy - a well - leafed tree is a healthy tree .
they had inherited the furniture from coraline 's grandmother , along with a wooden coffee table , a side table , a heavy glass ashtray , and the oil painting of a bowl of fruit .
coraline could never work out why anyone would want to paint a bowl of fruit .
everything was exactly the same as she remembered : there was all her grandmother 's strange - smelling furniture , there was the painting of the bowl of fruit ( a bunch of grapes , two plums , a peach and an apple ) hanging on the wall , there was the low wooden table with the lion 's feet , and the empty fireplace which seemed to suck heat from the room .
her grandmother 's formal furniture was still there , and the painting on the wall of the strange fruit ( but now the fruit in the painting had been eaten , and all that remained in the bowl was the browning core of an apple , several plum and peach stones , and the stem of what had formerly been a bunch of grapes ) .
her grandmother 's formal furniture was still there , and the painting on the wall of the strange fruit ( but now the fruit in the painting had been eaten , and all that remained in the bowl was the browning core of an apple , several plum and peach stones , and the stem of what had formerly been a bunch of grapes ) .
there was a white linen cloth laid on the grass , with bowls piled high with food - she could see salads and sandwiches , nuts and fruit , jugs of lemonade and water and thick chocolate milk .
orange juice , milk , protein shakes , fruits , vegetables and even the chocolate cupcakes i liked to eat cold .
i hopped up on the stool ; pulled out the magazine i had left under the counter yesterday and popped a stick of juicy fruit into my mouth .
i recalled flowerbeds overrun with blossoms and an apple tree laden down with fruit .
i brought some chips and fruit .
on the other side , a pile of spiky - skinned fruit the size of cantaloupes filled a large bowl .
a small boy , maybe a year younger than jake , was setting a bowl of fruit on the table .
she urged him to sit down and showed him how to peel one of the fruits on the table .
marika happily complied and dished out heaping bowls of warm porridge swimming with chunks of dried fruit and swirls of cinnamon and honey .
they sideswiped an open - market fruit stand and sent a fountain of spiny - skinned melons into the air .
townspeople crept back out of fruit cellars and musty attics , where they 'd holed up during the attack .
where the fruits hit , they detonated with loud bangs .
he would occasionally drop a reddish fruit into its furnace , causing the flames to belch higher .
it was the same fruit that had been used to chase off the pack of raptors .
the foyer - a term with which i was now familiar from mom 's reading off the little bly real - estate sites - was big enough that you could park a couple of cars inside it , and was decorated in a harmony of tropical life savers colors : banana , melon , fruit punch .
connie , busy at the kitchen sink , nodded to the fruit smoothie she 'd prepared for me , and then returned to sudsing the blender .
after her breakfast , isa got out her sketchbook and paint box to create a masterpiece from the kitchen - table fruit , while milo escaped downstairs to play grand theft auto .
i bypassed the hair dryer to get breakfast : two full bowls of cereal plus the fruit smoothie that connie had placed in the fridge .
we meditated , she went cold turkey off the junk food , and we limited our intake to staples like dark greens , nuts and fruits .
for many reasons , sophie kiminski was such a forbidden fruit .
i stayed a while , ordered us some avocado sandwiches and fruit salads , then watched while she ate .
` ` jennie , i need one word with you about that medium , '' he remarks as we enter the heart of south side , lively with saturday morning hackneys and omnibuses as well as a few street vendors setting up their fruits and flowers .
` ` the other day , i spilled fruit punch and it stained the dining room carpet . ''
the nectar was thick , like syrup , and richly sweet , like fruit in honey .
then , once uweya is secure , he 'll release you entirely , and you can fly out of here , free to enjoy the fruit of your efforts . ''
nate could hardly believe the variety of treats - banana pancakes , caramel waffles , ebleskivers , toasted bagels , english muffins , omelets , scrambled eggs , hash browns , bacon , sausage , fruit smoothies , hot chocolate , milk , juice , various syrups and preserves , margarine , butter , honey , dulce de leche , and fresh whipped cream all vied for attention .
` ` good choices , '' mr . stott said , taking a striped frozen fruit bar from the freezer .
he dawdled at a rack of packaged fruit pies , brand name and generic , pretending to be torn on which to choose , handling a blackberry pie , then a vanilla pudding pie , then apple , then blackberry again .
he realized how lucky he was that , so far , the man had not appeared to notice him peeking through the packaged fruit pie rack .
trevor chose the blackberry fruit pie and rejoined his mother .
he did not look at the man while he waited beside his mom in line , or while she paid for the groceries and his fruit pie .
` ` little late for a fruit bar . ''
the smoky green surface was ornately carved , especially near the top , with figures in relief and twisting vines bearing fruit .
products included fruit , meat , clothing , jewelry , live birds , and painted statuettes .
why not retire and enjoy the fruit of your labors ? ''
the woodwork was all fragile and ornate , but the raiders were most interested in the extensive gardens , especially the fruit trees .
both ships had spent the day off - loading fruit of all description .
other varieties had looked foreign - fruit protected by stinging tendrils , fruit that grew in clusters like grapes but had thick rinds , fruit they had to chisel out of the trunks like tumors .
other varieties had looked foreign - fruit protected by stinging tendrils , fruit that grew in clusters like grapes but had thick rinds , fruit they had to chisel out of the trunks like tumors .
other varieties had looked foreign - fruit protected by stinging tendrils , fruit that grew in clusters like grapes but had thick rinds , fruit they had to chisel out of the trunks like tumors .
` ` nice job finding all that fruit . ''
` ` do n't thank me for the fruit .
he grabbed some fruit as well - an apple and some sort of purple citrus .
the purple citrus fruit turned out to be the best part of the meal .
mira ate fruit on the other side of the room .
milk was available , and fruit juice , and numerous hot drinks .
after passing through an orchard of gummy fruit and jelly beans , they found the source of the booming - an enormous red - and - black checkerboard with a rapid game in progress .
he had taught them to hold batting practice using quarterstaves and citrus fruit .
diverse fruit , rich nectar , savory mushrooms , peculiar nuts , and crunchy grubs made up the majority of their meals .
` ` we 'll miss those guides , '' drake commented , biting into a succulent piece of fruit .
the table was burdened with crispy fowl , peppery venison , delicate fillets of trout , pots of soup , baskets of bread , platters of fruit , and trays of vegetables .
she ate all of the food on the table and was especially grateful for the fresh fruit .
some time after the sun passed its apex , jason spotted a bubble - fruit tree not far off the path .
feeling like a veteran adventurer , he climbed the narrow trunk and plucked three pieces of the fruit .
he hungrily devoured some fruit , grateful for something fresh and juicy .
jason pantomimed taking a bite of the fruit .
jason held out the transparent fruit .
the graceful creature stepped sideways , caught the clear fruit in one hand , and , quick as a blink , flung it back at jason .
the fruit trees remained in orderly lines .
i have vivid , distant memories of my childhood - a nursemaid , a playroom full of wonderful toys , a bed with lacy covers , delicious bowls of chilled fruit floating in cream - culminating with my father smuggling me away in the night .
the polished table supported woven baskets of bread , cheese , nuts , fruit , and vegetables .
jason sampled a dark - green fruit topped by a tuft of silky white strands .
the tiny fruit tasted sweeter than pure sugar , making him cough in surprise .
jason licked at a bit of the fruit lodged between his teeth .
he landed without making any effort to stop his fall , his body crushing woven baskets , his face upsetting a wooden bowl of diced fruit slathered with cream .
the fruit draws impurities from the soil .
once the vines mature , the fruit is discarded , and the rest is plowed into the soil .
they all bore fruit of varying shapes and sizes .
he stood beside an arching trellis of purple fruit , looking handsome in his robes .
as they prepared to depart the next morning , jason found ferrin reclining in an isolated storeroom , munching on dried fruit .
ferrin flicked a piece of fruit into his mouth with his thumb .
is that dried fruit ? ''
rachel found corinne and jason breakfasting on fruit and nuts .
rachel ate nuts and fruit with jason and corinne .
` ` i have fruit , '' ferrin said .
for the past week , the delegation had mostly eaten unusual fruit and vegetables foraged by nedwin .
lush fruit trees overshadowed bushes bright with berries .
some of the fruit looked familiar , like colorful variations on plums and apricots , while other fruit appeared completely alien , like the gray furry fruit and the oblong , translucent fruit .
some of the fruit looked familiar , like colorful variations on plums and apricots , while other fruit appeared completely alien , like the gray furry fruit and the oblong , translucent fruit .
some of the fruit looked familiar , like colorful variations on plums and apricots , while other fruit appeared completely alien , like the gray furry fruit and the oblong , translucent fruit .
some of the fruit looked familiar , like colorful variations on plums and apricots , while other fruit appeared completely alien , like the gray furry fruit and the oblong , translucent fruit .
the loremaster held up one of the oblong , translucent fruits jason had noticed in the atrium .
messy pieces of dripping fruit and a small bowl of really crunchy nuts completed the meal .
before long the table held three place settings , a bowl of fruit , a charger brimming with mashed vegetables dusted with spices , a carafe of golden fluid , a pitcher of water , and a platter heaped with slices of white meat .
they passed a small , fragrant , fenced orchard , where bees hummed among the ripening fruit .
the fruit grows only on the highest limbs . ''
after jason climbed the tree to procure a bunch , jason and rachel each ate a fruit , chasing them down with long sips of water .
the hybrid had tasted superior to the natural fruit .
bowls of fruit , some peeled and slathered in cream , some whole , sat opposite plates piled with vegetables both familiar and foreign .
he ate decadent shellfish marinated in buttery sauces , chilled fruit that exploded with sweet flavor , and poultry smothered in melted cheese .
as the meal proceeded , a group of servants appeared , bearing white , bulbous fruit the size of watermelons .
cakes , pies , tarts , eclairs , cinnamon rolls , fruit breads , sugared nuts , puddings , and sherbet appeared in towering quantities .
jason carried some fruit in a basket in preparation for his stakeout .
he took a sip of fruit juice .
i had fruit and yogurt for breakfast , brushed my teeth , and waved at my parents , who were barely stirring .
the housekeeper came upstairs then with a tray of finger foods : white cheese , various cut fruits , carrots , celery , and jicama , along with some cold cuts and whole wheat crackers .
early the next morning , jen 's mom fed us a healthy breakfast of egg whites , fruit , and yogurt , and then i got the hell out before they noticed how haggard i looked .
i put beer , chips , and some weird fruit platter seth picked up out in the living room , but keep the hard stuff in the fridge for my own personal use .
there was fruit in the refrigerator - oranges and apples - as well as eggs , a carton of milk , butter , a variety of vegetables , and a bonus : two packages of ground beef , still fresh , and a string of sausages .
the pantry was as well stocked as the woodpile , stuffed to overflowing with canned goods ; boxes of dried fruit , powdered milk , and instant eggs ; packets of beef jerky ; bags of sugar and flour and baking soda , as well as tins of baking powder ; cartons of oatmeal , grits , and barley ; dried beans ; two sacks of potatoes ; onions and garlic ; and , of course , mres .
something cold and charry , like old wood smoke , and - she inhaled again - a fizz , slightly sweet ... spoiled fruit ?
his mouth tasted like an old toilet , and his breath reeked of rotted fruit .
` ` take our little experiment , '' finn said , teasing open the plastic and releasing a bloom of peanuts , salt , chocolate , and sugary dried fruit .
acne 's hunger had a real reek , too , the gassy aroma of fermenting fruit .
in the cone of orange light thrown by his flashlight into this hidey - hole , the jars sparkled like a hoard of rare gems : small , beveled glass jars of strawberry jelly , deep orange marmalade , blueberry jelly ; larger pint and glittering quart mason jars packed full of pickled carrots , asparagus spears , mushrooms , potatoes , and other vegetables , as well as fruits .
crowding in , he reached past greg and withdrew a quart of tightly packed fruit swimming in clear syrup .
` ` all we 'll have will be a couple sticks of juicy fruit . ''
from its deep cave , the monster seethed the way a worm eeled under the thin skin of a too - ripe fruit .
i poured the pureed fruit into a cup , made a perfect whipped cream swirl , and expertly picked up the other three cups with my remaining fingers , setting all four on the bar together .
the future is here , decked in flowers and fruit . ''
a mug held two eggs and a single kiwi fruit .
cole picked up the kiwi fruit .
he bit the fruit just enough to cut through the furry skin and worked at the edge with his fingers .
it looked like he was taking the fruit 's jacket off .
it looked like an electric tree studded with weird fruit .
lying on my back , i looked up through the leaves of the captive fruit tree .
scent : acid and fruit , sweet and rotten .
and in the middle of it , the server brought us all passion fruit iced tea , and she gave my mother some fancy crepes , and she gave my father an omelet with avocados , and she gave me a waffle with a cole st . clair smile drawn on it with whipped cream .
peppermint swirled into my nostrils , sharp as glass , then raspberry , almost too sweet , like too - ripe fruit .
the butter cookies on the shelves added a floury , comforting scent , and the lollipops , a riot of fruit scents too concentrated to be real .
the price of an orange is so dear that normally i would have borrowed one of mum 's techniques for making each fruit go as far as possible .
she tipped the yogurt container to him so he could see that all that was left was the fruit in the bottom .
something about the familiar way he stood as he searched for ripe fruit implied that he had done it many times before .
beaks plucking fruit .
the keys dangled from the ignition like metallic fruit , and ronan spent a long moment holding them in his mind .
it had fruit on the bottom , but she 'd eat around it .
do you not like the fruit bits ?
the empress 's gown was suggested with a liberal swipe of charcoal , and her crown was studded with inky fruits or jewels .
ronan parked beside a plum tree laden with unpicked fruit .
once , he 'd had a dream that he 'd bitten into one of the fruits , and juice and seeds had exploded from inside .
another where the fruit bled and creatures came to lap it up before they burrowed under his skin , sweet - scented parasites .
others sent fruit baskets .
it was no portrait or fruit basket , but she could n't imagine adam sending anything more dramatic .
another diner shut her eyes against an onslaught of fruit .
there was a llama , a fruit bat , a lemur , and a mountain lion .
so conor tried to grab jerky , crackers , and dehydrated fruit from under elbows and over shoulders and around hips .
an old woman , tiny and as wizened as an ancient fruit tree , stood on the other side .
16 : rumfuss after a flyover of the garden , essix was able to guide rollan and the others toward the fruit orchards .
it was through grapevines and fruit trees , a part of the orchards that seemed more wild than the rest of the garden .
at first conor presumed it was to eat another piece of fallen fruit .
end - of - the - year fruits that waited for summer to be safely away before they showed themselves .
i nabbed a strawberry from the fruit salad that had somehow materialized on our table while we danced .
i assumed hailey was behind it - i could n't imagine jared or owen ordering fruit .
i 'd initially only planned to have some fruit and yogurt , but when the server offered to make me a belgian waffle , i could n't resist .
she picked at the fruit salad on her plate .
to our right , raquel explored the coastline terrain , marveling at the beautiful birds and plump fruit .
it was difficult to resist plucking a piece of ripe fruit from a vine and eating it .
elaborate flower arrangements and fruit adorned each long banquet table , while large lotus blossoms drifted down upon the banquet attendees .
lots and lots of gardens , growing every veggie and fruit known to man , by the looks of it .
several coolers with bread , meat , fruit , and big , glass bottles of water - most of which had been packed tightly enough that they had n't broken in the chaos - had been wedged between a toppled table and some large computer equipment .
they did n't dare eat the meat , but the bread and fruit seemed okay , and soon they were all sitting together in one of the few spots clear of wreckage , enjoying their odd little meal .
first fruit slashed and dumped - seeker of heaven - old man arrested in youth - i almost love you ! ''
i thought of the kitchen and the exploded jars of fruits and vegetables i 'd found there .
but then i got closer still , and looked a little harder , and realized they were n't fruits and vegetables at all , but organs .
passing an apple tree on the outskirts of town , she stopped to pick one , but even on tiptoes the lowest fruit was out of reach , so i did what any gentleman would do and gave her a boost , wrapping my arms around her waist and trying not to groan as i lifted , her white arm outstretched , wet hair glinting in the sun .
at some point during the night it had gone profoundly bad , spoiling like i ' ve never seen fruit spoil .
` ` for a hundred generations he slept , curled like a fetus in the earth 's mysterious womb , digested by roots , fermenting in the dark , summer fruits canned and forgotten in the larder until a farmer 's spade bore him out , rough midwife to a strange harvest . ''
it occurred to batch now that master did n't even eat fruits .
he ate ... well , he did n't eat fruits .
a fruit !
and if they held their own lives so worthless , the lives of everything else were as fruit to pluck from trees .
he knew he should turn aside and head back home before it gave out altogether and dropped him from the sky like a piece of windfall fruit .
thirty - three the huge human cook awoke before dawn with her mouth watering from a dream of strawberries , but when she went yawning into the dooryard to gather some , she found the runners plucked clean of every last fruit .
faeries had come from all around dream - dark with baskets of fruit and casseroles for their journey , with breads , pots of jam , puddings , and casks of drink , and the crows had stowed it all away with greedy grins .
it was covered with steaming dishes : a stew in an earthenware bowl , pots of potatoes and vegetables , fruit in a big wooden bowl , and five loaves of freshly baked bread on a cutting board in the shape of a fish .
well , not the fruit eaters .
i could smell something foreign , a sickly sweet odor like rotting fruit .
the rotten fruit smell was n't as bad , but the inside of my head still felt fragile .
i had thought it was the smell of rotting fruit , but i knew now it was the stench of death .
he asked , lifting the fruit bowl and peering underneath it .
inside the dollhouse were figures of a father and a mother and a brother and a sister with smiles painted on their faces , sitting happily around a miniature dining room table topped with a bowl of miniature fake fruit .
liza watched , horrified , as one nocturna was sent , skittering , against the cavern wall ; the soul it was carrying fell and cracked on the ground like an overripe fruit , revealing a glittering purple interior .
her legs were n't feeling so weak anymore , and she took a few shaky steps across the filthy truck bed , avoiding the giant sacks stuffed full of tropical fruit .
` ` you look like mariana condori ? she used to sell us fruit in the quillacollo market when i was a little kid , '' alejo said .
alejo closed his eyes , listening to the sound of songbirds in the fruit trees outside the grape arbor .
today they had baked several fruit pies and had set them all on the kitchen windowsills to cool .
that can keep fruit fresh for many years , but not over the centuries .
i went to the funeral services and threw rotten tomatoes and other fruits at the casket because i figured it would be the way he wanted to be remembered .
the class then started throwing rotten fruit and vegetable at the guy who started the pranks .
the students stripped him and then threw rotten fruit at him like he was a bad actor .
the bins are filled with vegetables and fruits .
my neck feels pulpy and bruised like rotted fruit .
several islanders , who were harvesting their crops of fruit and hops , waved to us as we passed .
there they indulged in beverages made from herbs and fruits from the mountains enhanced with spices from distant lands .
he could smell the damp , decaying vegetation , the pungent smell of an over ripened fruit or flower .
a very confused spanky ( he had quite enjoyed some of the schools rituals ) thought for a moment , then realised what was going through slimeys mind , nothing old fruit , she s just in love .
make sure she gets plenty of fluids , plenty of rest , and plenty of fruits and vegetables .
close - ups of plants and fruit showed healthy vegetation and rich yields .
there were all kinds of grains they had never heard of before , corn of various size and color , native and exotic fruit and vegetables as well as all kinds of animals , from cows to pigs and sheep and goats to llamas , horses , donkeys and ostriches .
the sweet delicious energy that filled the room tasted to her like a tropical fruit cocktail with just the right amount of rum , salt and spice .
without much contemplation he would tend to several tanks filled with mash of various fruits , nuts and grains .
because fresa is spanish for strawberries , and strawberries are my favourite fruit .
earthy terra - cotta tones dominated and colour was added with bright pots filled with decorative plants and miniature fruit trees .
this fare is splendid- our hydroponics section never produces enough fruit or vegetables for our liking- and yalumba produce is second to none , said lillian .
it offsets some of the damage the birds do to our fruit , anyway .
a group of children were feeding pieces of fruit through the wire of the breeding cages to the birds .
* * * jenny was gingerly passing pieces of fruit through the wire to the raucous birds , while the other children encouraged her .
because i am the captain and this is my ship , he said nonchalantly and placed a slice of fruit in his mouth .
roberto placed another piece of the juicy fruit in his mouth , eating it slowly , while a smile appeared on the normally stern face .
by the way , he added , let us pay you for the sodas and fruit .
joseph bent over to tie his shoe , when he noticed some red fruit growing on some low - lying plants .
we had cases of tomatoes and peaches in cans , a sack of sugar , plenty of flour , beans , dried fruit , rice , some big cans of arbuckle , and cans of pork and beef .
however , i should appreciate it if you could send up some mulled wine , two glasses , and some cheese , bread and fruit .
plus , there s fruit for quick energy and plenty of fresh sweet tea and ice cold lemonade to wash it down .
with plenty of fruit and juice and milk , it was a breakfast worth getting up for .
an array of bones and fruit peelings were scattered around the small area .
overhead , he could hear the chatter of birds as they awaited his departure so they could resume their feast on the sweet fruit .
the apple tree that shaded him was already fragrant with ripening fruit .
nerza ate some dried meat and chewed some of the dried fruit and nuts from the clay jar kept in the pantry .
the weather has been wonderful , and the land is alive with the ripening crops and fruits .
they broke open a couple of more urns , finding dried fruits as well .
one of the urns the fruit was moldy and full of worms .
other yielded dried fruits that were still edible .
the two ate their fill of the nuts and dried fruits .
in another urn they found more nuts and in another dried fruits .
it would be warm here , and the forests should abound with fruits and other foodstuffs .
bring a bowl of dried fruits and nuts , also , he said to the woman .
he munched on a handful of the dried fruits and nuts .
before leaving his room , he could already taste the muffins , but when he turned toward the dining room , a wonderful buffet was laid out : a heap of scrambled eggs , plate full of sausage , bacon and ham , a pile of french toast , a stack of toast , muffins of many different flavors in a basket , jelly , butter , syrup and a tray of assorted fruits , as well as three different types of potatoes ( hash browns , chunks and fried slices ) .
we should buy some bread and fruit for vespasias family , dad .
before the woman could tell her , she added two smaller ones , then two round loaves of bread , a dozen different fruits and some dried meat .
she also gave some small boys with distended stomachs part of their fruit .
both girls flushed with recognition and quit screaming , then noticed he held a melon in the other hand , which he was cutting up for a fruit tray for breakfast .
they peeled the baseballed fruit of the beans , separating it from its green yellow cover , and nahumik brought that home .
nahumik had not looked at them in recent dayswhen the two friends pulled the containers out of the under - tub place , they saw that all the harvest had grown mold : like cobwebs peeped between and over the beans ; the fruits color became grey and a smell of stink penetrated the boys noseswolfee was a good friend .
no , please do nt do that , he said solemnly , i have seen some labia majora ( cunts lips ) and even a pencils smeareds black on such an organ ; but if it would have hided behind the trees i could penetrate the orchard and enjoy its juicy fruits .
most of his time and effort he devoted to taking care of the chickens , and of the small fruits trees in our garden .
remember , he told him , owners of vegetables and fruits stores and small sheds all prefer dollars .
i am still not a ripe fruit here .
the song went on , describing the winter- that its storms break the trees ; then excelling the flourishing spring , with its trees growing into new life- with birds coming to them ; and at last it was bringing the message of the sweet fruits of summer trees naitty was so excited by that song , that he had almost broken in a weep .
he holds his head high and stares at the far walls as he devours the fruit .
with the exaggerated movements of amateur clowns in a small town farce , they silently mounted the stairs and entered a small office with a large window opening onto isabels immense display of the worlds harvest of fruits and grains .
when its snout nudges joes shoulder , the startled teener catches a complicated whiff of peanuts , rotten fruit , fish , and nougat .
they harvested fruits and nuts from the surrounding jungle and cut bananas when they could find a good tree .
you had fruit , that s all !
no they were in california at another greasy truck stop restaurant where she always ended up being grateful for the order of dry toast and some type of fruit that had not been soaked in grease prior to being offered for consumption .
when you do nt get fresh fruit and stuff your bones start to go bad .
well find fresh fruit and vegetables .
we ve got eggs , preserved fruit and jam and i always put away what i grow over the summer .
i stepped up to the machine and punched up an order of bacon , scrambled eggs , wheat toast , a bowl of cereal that looked like fruit loops , and hot tea , and waited while the machine worked its magic .
i crammed an overloaded spoonful of fruit loops into my mouth and looked down at him .
we made our way to the main room to find the rest of the team seated on the floor eating bread , cheese , fruit , a bird of some kind , and a gloopy oatmeal type food .
we will also require a large piece of fruit , and a marble column as thick and strong as you can spare and move here .
if you will please , have someone place that large piece of fruit on the highest level of the arena , at the farthest end .
ten minutes later , the piece of fruit high above the rest of us , helena and i sat down to take aim .
another ten minutes later , the piece of fruit exploded in a shower of sticky fruitiness .
finding a piece of fruit , agrippina began to eat it before sitting on the edge of the table .
oh , do nt play coy with me , she said , tossing the piece of fruit over her shoulder .
he made his way to a bowl of fresh fruit in the dining room that was replaced every morning by loyal servants .
chicken , beef , vegetables of all kinds , grains , and fruits for dessert , it was a feast fit for kings , and i wondered how these romans stayed in such good shape eating so much all the time .
i found myself pretty drunk , lounging on my back , and munching on fruit helena was playfully lowering into my mouth .
okay , when i see you next you can pick your fruit .
and here he was , a hold laden with the ripest fruit of the new worldgoldand he was running like the coward he was certain his men now thought him to be .
he had slaked his thirst at the pool , but now felt the gnawings of hunger and began looking about for some of the fruit on which he had sustained himself since exhausting the food originally in his saddlebags .
` ` there is fruit we can reach . ''
moving down to the edge of the leaves , she reached the spear up and carefully thrust the blade through one of the apples of derketa , drawing aside to avoid the darkly purple drops that dripped from the pierced fruit .
` ` so for many centuries the people of xuchotl dwelt in their city , cultivating the fertile plain , until their wise women learned how to grow fruit within the city -- fruit which is not planted in soil , but obtains its nourishment out of the air -- and then they let the irrigation ditches run dry and dwelt more and more in luxurious sloth , until decay seized them .
` ` so for many centuries the people of xuchotl dwelt in their city , cultivating the fertile plain , until their wise women learned how to grow fruit within the city -- fruit which is not planted in soil , but obtains its nourishment out of the air -- and then they let the irrigation ditches run dry and dwelt more and more in luxurious sloth , until decay seized them .
tomato vines were dried up and bare of fruit , and tall scraggly - looking weeds covered the ground .
the smell was about as bad as the day doodle and me sealed an egg up in a fruit jar and left it out in the sun for a week .
stay away from me you fruit cake .
i 'll put all yer stuff ashore with ye as well as cookin ' utensils an ' some old sails for tents , an ' enough grub to last ye until ye can find fruit and game .
she had strengthened the window protections and fitted a unique wooden lock to the cabin door , so that when she hunted for game and fruits , as it was constantly necessary for her to do to insure sustenance , she had no fear that any animal could break into the little home .
others , again , searched the surrounding trees for fruit , nuts , small birds , and eggs .
at last tarzyn tired of the sport , and with a parting roar of challenge and a well - aimed ripe fruit that spread soft and sticky over the snarling face of her enemy , she swung rapidly through the trees , a hundred feet above the ground , and in a short time was among the members of her tribe .
tarzyn raised aloft the thing she had pilfered from the hut , and , with aim made true by years of fruit and coconut throwing , launched it toward the group of savages .
for several days she moved about but little , only enough to gather what fruits and nuts she required to satisfy the demands of hunger .
the sailors left us but a meager supply of food , so , as we have only a single revolver with but three cartridges left in it , we do not know how we can procure meat , though ms . philander says that we can exist indefinitely on the wild fruit and nuts which abound in the jungle .
the party in the camp , emboldened by familiarity , wandered farther and yet farther into the jungle in search of nuts and fruit .
the others gone , jan and esmond had wandered into the jungle to gather fruit , and in their search were led farther and farther from the cabin .
i will bring you the best of fruits , the tenderest deer , the finest meats that roam the jungle .
the least developed of all in tarzyn was the sense of taste , for she could eat luscious fruits , or raw flesh , long buried with almost equal appreciation ; but in that she differed but slightly from more civilized epicures .
there stood tarzyn , her arms filled with ripe and luscious fruit .
and still smiling , he pushed tarzyn gently away ; and looking at her with a half - smiling , half - quizzical expression that made his face wholly entrancing , he pointed to the fruit upon the ground , and seated himself upon the edge of the earthen drum of the anthropoids , for hunger was asserting itself .
tarzyn quickly gathered up the fruit , and , bringing it , laid it at his feet ; and then she , too , sat upon the drum beside him , and with her knife opened and prepared the various fruits for his meal .
tarzyn quickly gathered up the fruit , and , bringing it , laid it at his feet ; and then she , too , sat upon the drum beside him , and with her knife opened and prepared the various fruits for his meal .
it was growing dark now , and so they ate again of the fruit which was both food and drink for them ; then tarzyn rose , and leading jan to the little bower she had erected , motioned his to go within .
she had again been gathering fruit and this she laid at the entrance of his bower .
he began to comprehend , also , that he was entirely contented sitting here by the side of this smiling giant eating delicious fruit in a sylvan paradise far within the remote depths of an african jungle -- that he was contented and very happy .
there was a question he wanted to ask , but it seemed almost sacrilegious in the face of the love of these two women and the terrible suffering they had endured while he sat laughing and happy beside a godlike creature of the forest , eating delicious fruits and looking with eyes of love into answering eyes .
in half an hour she was back with fruit and a hollow gourd - like vegetable filled with water .
they ate pleasant fruit and looked into each other 's eyes and smiled .
if it 's a fresh vegetable or fruit , you 'd better peel it yourself rather than let these people do itthere 's precious little in the way of hand sanitizer here . ''
you eat fruit and cheese and bread but not mutton .
the tables , oiled to a sheen , were barely visible beneath platters of brass , silver and gold , mounded high with fragrant cakes and dried fruits .
and there was fish and crayfish to catch and plenty of fruits and tubers around so he was never hungry .
back home both cassie and donna would have been chained in the village square to be laughed at and pelted with rotten fruit for their dress , but here , they were treated as nobles themselves .
other houses could be identified only by a pile of sticks and stones under a tree or brush as the grain and fruit in the destroyed home took root .
rica had been eating the broth and bread at camp and dried fruit they had .
there were some fruits inside in a drawer in the bottom .
rica opened the door and got one of the dark purple fruits out , it was the size of a softball and slightly oval shaped .
i had a piece of fruit .
they grabbed a piece of fruit and left .
he was hugging a piece of red fruit and his little paws twitched as he dreamed .
she said nothing , as she picked up a piece of fruit and placed it in her mouth .
the decanters broken in pieces , and the fruits crushed , strewed the floor .
' yes , madame , the one with which i gather my fruit . '
if you can be satisfied with my dinner - it consists of cooked tetragones and fruits . '
this dinner consisted of meats nicely dressed , choice wines , and superb fruit .
i ate some bread and some fruit ; then , remembering the narcotic mixed with the water i had drunk , i would not touch that which was placed on the table , but filled my glass at a marble fountain fixed in the wall over my dressing table .
two eggs and some fruit composed my repast ; then i drew another glass of water from my protecting fountain , and drank it .
i only ate some fruit .
but of course , mrs . williams , he murmured , polishing the fruit and adding it to the pile in the large napkin .
moving the hard piece of bread aside , he put the fruit on the plate .
as he looked around in stunned silence , neil saw more stone carvings set in among fruit trees , flowering vines and ornamental grasses .
tall , elegant pedestals held vases full of flowers and bowls of fruit .
he followed her into a wide room with a long table that had been set with more bowls of fruit and flowers .
a jug of cool water sat on a low table at the foot of the bed , along with the required bowl of fruit and a small tray of biscuits , just in case he should wake up in the night and be overcome with hunger .
we can go to the market to see who can steal the most fruit , and the loser has to buy lunch .
neil peered between some of the hanging vines , thick with flowers and fruit , at the long wooden wall .
neil started and ran after the large man who was already disappearing between rows of vines that hung with clusters of some type of green , spiky fruit growing in an island version of a kitchen garden .
chichilia came in with a huge plate of fruit and biscuits .
there s some fruit and cheese on that table there .
the cook wore a broad smile , a snowy apron and held a huge tray filled with plates of rolls , cakes , fruit and fried plantains .
then , as best as he could remember , the fruit was stirred and what it was mixed with .
they scurried around for fresh fruits to accompany the dried meats they had brought ; the cooking pan being unneeded was quickly packed away .
the pan was filled with the gifts of the valley including fruits , berries and nuts then mixed delicately with dried spices and soon the airs of the small cave were alive with flavor .
they made camp and ate a brief meal , a cold lunch of fruit and bread .
many carried platters of fresh fruit , pitchers of cooled water and luxurious wines .
before them waited an arrangement of light pastries and fruits .
smiling , i grabbed the nearest fruit , a delectable - looking plum .
they sold fresh vegetables and fruit or bread piled high in wicker baskets .
fruit , rotten vegetables and other objects were hurled towards the platform , and i grimaced .
everything i like the meat my parents brought me back from their hunts and all the sweet fruits and berries .
shade used his book knowledge to supplement his diet with wild fruits , nuts and vegetables found on their island , but stayed away from people and farms .
and he ate each fruit one at a time and savored each , for he had little else to do inside the crate .
she said to look for this symbol over one of the eves of a fruit stand .
he bought four oranges at another fruit stand and the hawker took his silver and gave three coppers in change .
four days later their supply of fruits were all eaten and shade hunted for an adult deer ; per alexs request .
they explored the entire southwest part of the city hunting for a fruit stand with a leaf over its eve .
when they would find fruits and edible plants they would store what they could .
one held harvestable vegetables and the other held fruit bearing trees and berry bushes .
there was a large path between the vegetables and the fruit plots .
the vines are hard to cut without ripping the fruit from the green stem so it requires a sharp blade to harvest it and keep the tomatoes beauty , without bruising the meat .
meat was stocked as were , fruits , vegetables and hay for clift .
on the dish was a fully cooked buck , five thick slices of beef , six large buttered biscuits , a bowl of berries and other chopped fruits , a large bowl of water and five mugs of mead in crystal glasses .
alex tasted her breath and it was sweeter than any fruit or sugar , like honey and sea salt .
here there were plentiful farms : numerous apiaries , where bees were kept for honey and mead ; fruit farms such as apple orchards and pear orchards ; and , to a lesser extent , cereal farms where wheat and barley grew .
with that said , i want to remind everyone not to throw away any old fruits or vegetables even if they appear to have gone bad .
those ones sometimes go off their food at first , and you must feed them gently with your own hands , things like honeyed nuts and sugared fruits .
we take on vegetables and fruit and make supplies last as long as we can , but the main thing we have to be careful of is using too much fresh water when we do nt know how long we 'll be at sea .
with exception only to the protective skins on some fruits , the mushroom family is fairly unique in this way .
every choice is worthy of considerable exploration , in the same way a chess player will explore every possible move before taking the next move , maybe this is a good hegelian dialectic for the pandoras box story , or the eating of the fruit of the tree of knowledge story .
now i want you to do an inventory of what citrus fruits we have aboard and arrange to squirrel them away here in the surgery ; we have ample room .
chapter seven richard was not granted shore leave , but given his experience in dealing with ships chandlers he was tasked with replacing the used and spoiled citrus fruits .
they would carry little money ; the fruit would be paid for dockside on delivery .
they chose a huge african standing behind baskets of every type of fruit , including many the boys had never seen before .
the big man filled the gap by offering a variety of fruit as samples .
get the big mans hand cart ; we will put the body in it , cover it with fruit and take it back to the ship .
no one saw the body glide beneath the waves and all that was left were a few fruit bobbing on the surface .
the order of fruit arrived late that afternoon , accompanied by too many vendors and family members to invite intervention by the dutch chandlers .
songs were sung as the fruit was loaded aboard , and the purser even managed a smile when he saw the amount tendered for payment .
the first signs of scurvy began to appear by crewmembers that had avoided eating citrus fruits .
crewmembers ran up coconut trees instead of rigging and dislodged the fruit to fill the empty galley lockers .
richard led a small party around the atoll in search of fruit and found a yellow - fleshed oblong fruit suspended from a green cap growing on a low bush type plant .
richard led a small party around the atoll in search of fruit and found a yellow - fleshed oblong fruit suspended from a green cap growing on a low bush type plant .
the food lacked meat apart from small blackened portions that could have been anything , but the root vegetables and fruit were delicious .
subtile replenished its supply of fresh water , fruit , vegetables , salted fish and the meats of large game birds and small mammals .
we ve had to re - organize our military command structure , create a new special projects division with extraordinary powers and then there s the small matter of diplomacy she let the last hang like a moldy fruit and smiled at the small group .
normally the possum would have gone to the pathway on the right and continued on to where she knew of lidless trash cans which offered a sweet delicacy of spoiled fruit and cantaloupe skins .
he was a club , and the city of vale little more than an overripe fruit .
the sword shall be reclaimed , the fruits of empire sour ; but once the lion shakes his main , so ends the ravens power .
roasted fowls , peppered chops , parsnips and all manner of fruits and delicacies remained untasted , for nobody would have dared to start before the king , whose knife and goblet lay untouched on the table .
lawrence enjoyed hardboiled eggs and fruit , while frank opted for pickled herring , tomato salad and flatbread .
generally startled , the multitude of women awkwardly stand about before returning to their beds and trays of fruit .
he generally brought one or two pieces of fruit from his apartment and made coffee in the office .
every year , during the american citrus harvest season , his father , and often his mother , would go north to california to live in the bracero camps , picking fruit to make enough money to live the rest of the year in mexico .
why do nt we just drive through a plate of glass carried by a couple of plate glass delivery guys , then crush a fruit wagon full of melons or oranges ?
she treated herself to a substantial ham sandwich and a sticky fruit pie from one of the market stalls , and then settled herself happily by her bedroom window to watch the world go by as she ate .
having quickly grown bored with the diet of fish , biscuits and dried fruit she was looking forwards to fresh food again , and the chance to explore a new town much larger than port just or arche appealed to her natural curiosity .
spice somersaulted from the boat , obviously as delighted as anyone to have reached dry land , and jogged over to a small fruit cart parked in the shade of the city wall .
she tried to bite into the fruit 's waxy skin , and found it not only tough but bitter .
mag and jaws had already disappeared into a nearby tavern , but once they finished their fruit the others were all enlisted to take cloth to the market .
she rounded a corner , past heaped crates of colourful fruits and strangely - shaped vegetables and came upon a sight which stopped her in her tracks .
ignoring the tempting aromas drifting from the various food stalls , she went first to a cart selling freshly pressed juice she did n't recognise the fruit , but it looked a little like an over - large apple , and she was sure it would do the job .
motioning for raf to wait for her , she sidled up alongside a grocer 's cart and slipped two large , pear - shaped fruits into her pockets while his attention was occupied by another customer .
she handed him one of the fruits she 'd stolen , then took a hungry bite out of her own .
eleanor 's stunned reaction was genuine but as the cascade of fruits began to tumble and roll towards the next stall , she suddenly understood what he was doing .
so eleanor helped unpack the crates of fruit and vegetables , wheat and barley , leather and paper all things that an island this small and this rocky could n't produce in feasible quantities .
she disappeared down a small flight of steps at the back of the house , and returned a little while later with a platter of fruit and cheese .
aside from the five chairs , there was a small stove with a kettle hanging over it , and a low table which had a bowl of fruit and a small vase of flowers , a strange touch of frivolity in this otherwise - functional environment .
barely rested , she rose early even by her standards before the sun had quite broken the horizon and helped herself to an apple from the fruit bowl in the common room .
once the others had gone outside she combed her hair , and stained her lips with a few berries from the fruit bowl in the common room a trick she 'd learnt at school , though she 'd never had much use for it before .
eleanor took a deep breath , savouring the rich variety of smells as smoke from steamed sausages and grilled fish intermingled with the sweet scents of candied nuts and boiled fruits .
she locked herself in her room for two full days before the summer solstice , having first stocked her closet with bread , fruit and cheese .
do you see this plant with the oval leaves and red fruit the size of plums ?
fortunately , insects wo nt go anywhere near the fruit of this plant , because they do nt like the way it smells .
what i want you to do is pick some of the fruit , crush it with your feet , and spread it around each trench you and chris dig .
it was his responsibility to scatter the foul - smelling strychnos fruit around the perimeter of each tent to stave away the dangerous creatures of the jungle , particularly spiders and scorpions .
the last thing he wanted was for someone at this hour to catch him placing strychnos fruit in erics trench .
by the time the rest of them were stirring awake , he handed each of them a bacuri , a mango - sized white - pulped fruit .
the nesu immediately looked away with his gaze falling upon a bowl of fruit .
eventually he grew to trust nithotep ; he would come looking for bread and fruit .
she came to the market to buy fruit .
he was clearly an educated man ; he often bought fruit from josephs stall .
did this fruit stall owner know what he had ?
the table had been stocked with fruit , wine , beer , water and an assortment of the finest foods .
he walked to the table and offered his palm to the pile of fruit .
ka held out a grape cluster picked clean of its fruit .
as well as potted flowers , a small table and chairs , and one wilting fruit tree , the garden also housed yet another of valiros most guarded secrets .
taking a seat on the cold step , i looked out at my beautiful garden , savouring the pretty plants , flowers , and floppy fruit tree .
i invited him to the bonding ceremony , and left him with a basket of fruit , and a couple of publications to help pass the time .
hers was inside a fruit stand near the docks .
only one problem , there were three people in front of her buying fresh fruit for the morning .
lilim patiently waited in line at the fruit stand .
he was a larger man who was filling his bag full of fresh fruit .
he paid for his fruit and walked away .
she held the fruit high above her head with a smile on her face .
she played out all the scenarios she could think of to ask for the piece of fruit .
she was going to pickpocket the fruit and run like a bat out of hell- lets get something straight , i would nt have done that .
right before she could grab it though , the man placed his hand on the fruit , cleaned off the loose dirt and pealed the skin .
without saying a word , lilim snatched the half eaten fruit from the mans hand and walked away .
in her back pocket was a sharpie marker she had used to draw an x on an orange she found at a fruit stand .
one or two meats , potatoes or rice , two vegetables , gravy , a couple of dessert puddings , a fruit bowl , a sponge cake , and tea and juice .
humans need a balanced diet that includes greens and vegetables , and fruit , as well .
instead of hops , we have red and white grape vines , good for fruit and the sugars needed to make bread .
the last room had a dozen fruit trees , already bearing ; oranges , lemons , apples , a peach tree and an avocado tree were in sealed plastic containers ready for shipment .
there was also a patch of strawberries , kiwis , and other fruits .
here is our main fruit area , with one wall which will be grain crops , one wall of six different nuts , and a wall divided between three coffee trees and nine tea plants .
what you have nt seen is that we have over 300 types of vegetables , herbs , other plants and fruit in seed form or dormant , in storage units ; we will rotate crops , replacing wheat with a crop of green beans , which adds nitrogen to the soils , or hydroponic growing chambers or bags .
mr . rose and suzi have grown everything on this table in their two hangars , from the lima beans to the tomatoes and from the meat to the dessert fruits .
fruit , the promised bottle of vodka , a half - full bottle of real orange juice , and several packets of cookies looked back at him .
the pair feast on roasted pheasant and dried fruits mixed with wild spanish chestnuts , enjoying the peaceful countryside and lush vegetation .
i m thinking fifty of each of the following : camels , bags of salt , and bushels of dried fruits , grain , spices , and coffee .
a young lady , veiled , places her feet in the water next to him , whispering , enjoy this delicious date , my lord , and gently presses the fruit to his lips .
* * * during the sumptuous wedding feast later that evening , a whole goat is roasted over an open fire of wood imported from persia , and servants bring out platters of dried fruit cuscus , lemon - zested tobuli - salad , and eggplant baba - ghanoush .
bar work mostly or fruit picking .
well the same as the christians had their story of the snake tempting the people with the fruit of knowledge , our people had the story of what many refer to simply as the old ones , began uncle jeff .
and ricky seemed to develop a real appetite for fruit , salmon and shellfish , for which his uncle jeff demonstrated his approval by bringing by as much salmon and mussels as ricky could handle .
the moonlight town was a bit different by others , just with few aspects , by its land formations and the fruit trees which it owned .
well here they have only like fish or sea fruits , right ?
* * * rotherhithe wyatts sister , susan , walked into the corner shop in the lower road , before the bell had stopped ringing the familiar smell of spices and dried fruit had assailed her nostrils .
those meals usually consisted of dried meat or dried fruit , and sometimes a piece of bread .
the food was hominy and corn bread and venison , with jellies and honey and dried fruit .
he guessed from the amount of fruit and seeds he saw them eating they were not actual predators , but he decided to stay away from them just because they were so large .
later this season , probably his last she thought , after the grasses have dried there will be fruit from the branches and scattered seeds to keep him well fed .
lodged in the throne he told his stories , while the pups brought him fresh grasses or fruits or acorns in order to keep him talking while they played .
the red sun gave the animals greater energy as they went out to hunt and caused the trees to produce the most astonishing variety of fruits .
and there was the garden of eden with its bright sun , blue skies and trees bearing various different fruits .
the snake whispered : this fruit is extremely interesting , all you have to do is reach out and you will be all - powerful .
some were like trees laden with huge succulent fruit ; others were like beds of flowers , which constantly changed form and colour .
trays laden with fruits and berries appeared on the table .
they all sat together at the table and offered the sisters the fruits and berries that were as rich as their island .
she felt joshs hand in the small of her back and willed her body not to react.funny how forbidden fruit always appearsjuicier.gritting her teeth , claire turned and looked into his earnest amber - flecked eyes .
suddenly rotten fruit was coming at him from all directions , staining his clothes and dripping off his face .
they were loaded with all kinds of food hot and cold dishes , pastries , fruit , and all sorts of delicious desserts .
durian fruit , he said .
but women like julie did nt grow on trees if i did nt pluck the fruit , somebody else surely would .
this guy was a total fruit and completely insane , but he tossed my bw 's like toys and he was going to squish me like a bug before my recently promoted xo took it upon herself to have warrior breach the prison and swallow me .
if you are supposed to be the last of your kind , then where did fruit loop come from ?
the tables were laden with fresh fruit , cheeses , loaves of crusty bread , water jugs and cups .
she passed a piece of fruit to zinzabad .
that piece of fruit you gave me was hardly enough .
the group walked through the throne room to the sitting room where fresh fruit and drinks had been laid out .
chapter 10 an unpleasant dinner matilda and peri spent the rest of the day in their room , matilda writing in her journal and peri having fairy snacks of fruit and peach juice between peeking over matilda 's shoulder .
they walked under the banner and straight in front of them was a large hill , and to the left and right was open space bordered with loads of fruit - filled trees .
there was a game station which played loads of games like tetris , space invaders and the famous fruit machine .
they both enjoyed the heavy scents coating the air , a mixture of spices and meat roasting wafted above the sea of dark heads , and only the complimenting seasonal jungle fruit broke color into the unnaturally beige brown atmosphere .
so she climbed up its branches and grabbed the freshest , ripest , fruit available and brought it down to the black stallion .
you have nt eaten the forbidden fruit have you ?
kim was snuggled next to jeff , curled into his shoulder in such a pose of belonging it made claires heart contract like withered fruit .
varieties of fruits lies at the center with a lighted candelabra .
worms appeared on the fruits and molds began to develop on the loaves of bread and cheese .
he silently added alex mckinnon to a tragically growing list of those who had sacrificed for him before , and swore an oath to that memory -- stolen innocent would be repaid with unholy vengeance ; his blood began to burn in his veins , yearning for the forbidden taste of sanguine fruit , an impulse long buried and brought to light in only the most dire of situations .
they paused among a grove of red - barked , wax - leaved treesmadrones , clint remembered hearing them called in santa barbaraand the indians paused to gather clusters of bright red fruit filling their carrying nets and baskets .
clint followed the men back to the center of the village where they sat around a large rock covered with grinding holes , and to clints relief , the women served them cakes of baked unleavened acorn bread , mussels , madrone fruit , berries , and roasted insects .
* * * it was four days and eight bowls of pozolea stew of meat , oats , and vegetablesand mounds of the missions dried fruit before clint was able to leave the tiny room .
he and his altar boys took a light breakfast of corn tortillas and fruit then returned to the rectory to begin the ritual of dressing .
clint , don nicholas den , and the padre took dinner at the den haciendaroast hen , poached fish , potatoes , and a variety of fruits and wines with each dish .
the bread and fruit had scarcely been picked at .
rich smells of exotic fruits , meats , cheeses , wines and chocolates issued from long tables graced by cream - colored linen .
the kitchen was awe - inspiring ; grills with venting hoods lined the back walls , walk - in coolers promised fresh fruit and a working chefs table complete with every type of frying or sauting pan imaginable was positioned perfectly in the center so all one had to do in order to work on their culinary masterpiece was take two steps in any direction and retrieve whatever ingredient they wanted to finish their mouth - watering delicacy .
there are fresh meats , vegetables , fruits , and desserts .
and different vegetables and fruits were grown as well .
tarleton looked across the silver table decoration in which fruit and vine leaves were artfully arranged .
mellen waved his hand over the large trays of breads , fruits , and meats .
on occasions he loitered on the dock by the ship , which lay astern of san antonio and concepcin , watching slaves and freemen discharge logs , fruit trees in pots , sacks of maize and cassava carried away in donkey carts .
even before the anchor went down , islanders climbed on board with chickens , eggs , baskets of fruit and vegetables and bottles of a notorious brew of cactus juice .
on his third voyage , columbus discovered a big river , which the natives call orinoco , and the land around there is lush with great forests and fruit and birds and fish and strange animals , what you might call an earthly paradise .
they found pigs , goats chickens and a variety of fruit , which they stuffed into their mouths while they looted .
the captain general himself gave out fruit and milk of coconut , which had been found to bring about a rapid improvement , and disproved the theory that scurvy was caused by bad air .
we must make contact with the natives and trade for pigs and chickens and fruit .
garas - garas brought gifts of pigs , fowl , fruit , vegetables , two large baskets of rice , a bamboo tube full of honey , jars of palm wine and a walking stick with a solid gold head as big as an egg .
duarte chose to challenge him on this point as they sat over dinner one night in trinidads great cabin ; a rich dinner of roast pork , fruit , vegetables and palm wine such as they could not have dreamed of a few weeks before .
another boat had three baskets of rice , two large fish , much fruit and coconuts and other things to eat .
all day long these people chewed a fruit called areca , like a pear , wrapped in a leaf from the same tree , called betel .
he clapped his hands and servants brought porcelain plates laden with roast fish , pork , rice and fruit , and several jars of wine .
while they waited for it to cook they took entrees of rice , fish and fruit and drank more wine .
claire remembered skys tantrum in the coffee shop , after shed insisted her niece have a piece of fruit with her cake .
connor could hardly stomach the idea of eating , but managed to eat some hot cereal and fruit .
the combination of good grains and fresh fruit helped his stomach settle .
make shift tents and homemade kiosks lined the streets as independent vendors solicited milk , sour cream , cheese , meat , fruits , vegetables , and other items to pedestrians .
he drove down the road for about a mile until he came to the end of the road and one lone hut surrounded by a harvest of delectable buffet growing fruits and vegetables .
` ` she 'll have the tea and salad ... i 'll have your meat and cheese sandwich along with the fruit tort . ''
he went over and collected more fruit and edible plants to decide since most of the day had been spent he d refuel and rest off the effects for that seemed to be how things worked .
in the shade of large trees and situated beside him were fruits , vegetables and water .
he began to munch on the fruit he brought and rested .
he would also grab fruits and vegetables , enough for two additional days and found a bamboo grove to carry the water in five prepped cylinders , also enough for two days .
breaking at noon , cage took out some fruit and a canister of water inside a plugged cell of bamboo .
i like fruits , vegetables , bread , butter , nuts , berries , eggs that have nt been fertilized by a rooster , things of that nature .
but those fruits do nt grow at all times and i bet they do nt preserve well ?
the vitamins that are in those fruits are also in these needles , but are more concentrated .
it will help his body replenish whatever he has lost ren please go down and make a watery gruel and take some fruit , mash it to a pulp and strain it with water .
frill helped me find edible fruit and flowers since i told them you are a vegetarian .
large trees dotted the landscape and most were fruit bearing .
she wondered what he was going to do with it as he put the fruit between his hands .
cage masterfully held the apple while gently squeezing , twisting in opposite directions all the while pulling the red fruit apart .
in that time though cage asked brooke for some water and a piece of fruit .
the priestess allowed it and watched as he squeezed the fruit in his hands to only get the fructose liquid sugar in her system the fastest .
healing takes a lot of mana and concentration so ill need sweet foods like fruits to keep up my strength .
i have , did have , he corrected himself bitterly , civilian clothes and i do have an i d naming me as one etienne pinochet , an exporter of fruit .
i was looking for a source of fruit for exporting .
i am a fruit exporter .
when he stopped coughing he muttered , the marseille fruit company .
theo looked puzzled , the marseille fruit company ?
but honest folk like them had to work all day in the fields , gather fruit , hunt and fish .
their hands were full of brightly coloured fruit that flew round and round in circles , singing enchanting songs .
claire looked up at the suspended monorail pods hanging like giant fruit on a silver vine .
much better to drink fruit juice or , better still , water .
hum ... the defendant clearly did nt steal the soiled fruit he is alleged to have launched with uncanny aim at the prosecutors person .
you re feeding a toucan fruit loops ?
the toucan sat in the back window , happily immersed in a bowl of fruit loops , and tropical birds perched on both his and sals shoulders .
fruits , berries and salmon were the mainstays of the bears diet and were enough to allow the kodiaks to reach heights of twelve feet and weigh over half a ton .
120 hectares fruit trees 60,000.00 120,000.00 5 .
mr . luis victor , principal of the la union regional agricultural school , testified that there were around 30 fruit - bearing mango trees , once coconut fruit - bearing trees and banana plants ( p. 139 , roa , vol .
mr . luis victor , principal of the la union regional agricultural school , testified that there were around 30 fruit - bearing mango trees , once coconut fruit - bearing trees and banana plants ( p. 139 , roa , vol .
aside from the waterfall or spring within the property , there are also fruit trees , scattered bamboo groves , banana trees in patches , forest area , upland and pasture land .
pio tadina reported that 60 hectares are riceland , 80 hectares pasture land 120 hectares with fruit trees and 78 hectares second growth forest ( p. 146 , roa , vol .
the 120 hectares of fruit trees is suitably adapted to cacao , coffee , bananas , mangoes .
the second growth forest land has been evaluated higher than the pasture and fruit tree lands because forest lands do not only conserve soil erosion and soil fertility but also provide organic matter for the irrigated riceland .
now , chewing juicy fruit gum calvin pedalled along route des plages suntan cream in pocket , passport and money in plastic pouch .
after introductions the pair welcomed them into their front room where emily served fruit loaf with more tea .
i should eat more fruit and veg .
from picking fruit to adorable animals , there was always something to talk about .
ryan tried , with difficulty , not to crinkle his nose as he glanced over the contents of a fruit cart full of overly ripe and nearly rotten offerings .
linfield had become much like the contents of the fruit cart ; overripe , rotting , and ready to burst .
ryan picked a handful of reasonably fresh - looking fruits from the stand and payed the scrawny owner a few extra talents , waving a dismissive hand when the man tried to give him change .
ryan handed the boy the fruit along with a couple of talents tucked amongst them , then tussled the boys hair a bit and gave him a smile .
i hope you like strawberries , kerou said as she placed a small bowl of fruit with a side cup of whipped cream down on the cocktail table .
awesome , kerou drawled as she slowly swirled one of the plump red fruits in the cream .
she plucked a grape from a bowl of fruit and held it in princess lucys vision .
i was touchin hundreds back when you were trading fruit roll ups for pudding cups in the lunchroom , okay ?
while the seats promptly emptied , joely used the cover of the crowd to slip through the studios back ways to the rear parking lot to see if there were any sweet fruit to sow .
a golden glow in a display case highlighted the fresh glaze on some of the treats toasted crusts and fruits while wisps of steam off of bagels and bread loaves signaled their short amount of time spent there after their finish in the oven .
they may not be perfect , but they ve all gotten rid of the super - size options ; they offer milk and fruit with childrens meals ; they have nutritional facts on all of the placemats and packaging so we parents , who choose not to door just ca nt dothe vegetarian thing , can monitor our , and the kids , caloric , trans fat , cholesterol , and sodium intake .
tomika reached into the bag she was toting and handed to kerou a package of fruit candy and a bottle of strawberry soda .
jina took another apple from a bowl beside her and kept her eyes on the fruit as she spun it by its stem just above the counter .
he entered a maze of small wooden stalls strewn with vegetables and fruit , with stacks of live animals in cages and dead creatures hanging above .
' see that stall there , the one selling fruit ? '
she reached for more fruit .
the rear garden that had been filled with fruit trees and vegetable plots was now a small square lawn bordered by overgrown shrubs with a washing line through the centre .
there were towers of toilet rolls and paper towels , stacks of catering size cans of soup and diced fruit .
we were in a market ; fresh fruit , vegetables , fish , meat and flowers were all on display .
she held a yellow specimen up into the sunlight , more as if she was admiring the fruit rather than looking for imperfections .
vines with fruits and vegetables , some recognizable , some not , were scattered pretty much everywhere .
mostly fruits , vegetables and some cultured meat .
the fruits and vegetables were exquisite .
they picked out a sackful of food : a slab of bacon , two loaves of fresh bread , salt , sugar , coffee beans , some cans of sliced peaches , and a bunch of dried fruits and jerky .
the squirrel had been tearing open one of the paper sacks , probably one that held dried fruit .
a few dusty tins were stacked on shelves behind the counter and some fruit and vegetables were available from boxes on the floor .
the sky is blue and clear , the trees bear fruit , and just as the bird sprang forth from the dinosaur , the texan awakens from his slumber . ''
a great oak table was brought to center court then filled with a bounty of fruit , vegetable , and game .
it could nt mean that , unless it had something to do with fruit , maybe a fruit market was there , but why would a pirate hang out with fruit ?
it could nt mean that , unless it had something to do with fruit , maybe a fruit market was there , but why would a pirate hang out with fruit ?
it could nt mean that , unless it had something to do with fruit , maybe a fruit market was there , but why would a pirate hang out with fruit ?
finally , dylan was going to get to see this fruit market .
here , every other house , which were all joined together , seemed to be a bar or inn , none of them seemed to sell fruit .
and i could see within a mature pomegranate tree , one of the oldest fruits in civilization .
carvings of various pieces of fruit .
a fruit maybe .
not too lose but i could tell it was not carved into the frame itself as the other fruits were but was attached to it as a separate piece .
i have missed seeing you so terribly , your sunday afternoon visits here at my humble country house , our walks together through my fruit and flower gardens and our long , intimate conversations beneath the oaks and magnolia trees .
there was a crackling noise as forks of electricity danced around the metal pole , and the bbc lit up like an oversized fruit machine .
then andrew looked around , and noticed that on the very ends of the branches there grew amongst the colorful leaves what appeared to be large , purple fruit , each about the size of a grapefruit .
` ` look katy , fruit ! ''
andrew pointed out the fruit to her .
the fruit will save us .
four legs gripped the limb , while the other two fed on the purple fruit .
he 's eating the purple fruit .
he would have to swing his way across the branch to the prized fruit , tarzan style .
hand over hand he swung along the branch monkey style , towards the end , and the prize : the enticing purple fruit .
` ` katy , i ' ve reached the fruit ! ''
using his one free arm , andrew threw the coveted fruit to katy .
he dangled from the tree branch with one arm as he threw the fruit to katy .
andrew found the purple fruit to be surprisingly heavy for their size , and hard , so he tried to lob them to her as gently as possible .
consequently , many of his throws missed , and the heavy fruit went crashing noisily through the branches to splatter on the floor below .
this gave andrew an idea ; a way to use the fruit to help them out of their predicament .
like katy had pointed out , it was possible that the fruit were poisonous , and he was only bringing them closer to their death .
when he deemed they had enough of the fruit for his plan , andrew swung back along the branch towards the tree trunk .
they made their way carefully back to the trunk , where katy had formed a large pile of the fruit .
` ` why do we need so many of the fruit ?
katy knocked her fist against the hard fruit .
andrew examined the smooth fruit .
it popped off in her hand , along with most of the fruit 's top .
besides for quenching their thirst in the hot rainforest , the thick fruit juice was nourishing and filling .
are we going to start a fruit store ? ''
they walked to the edge of the branch , carrying some of the fruit .
chapter five the teens hiked west through the perilous rainforest the entire day , stopping occasionally to eat more purple fruit and to rest .
they ate a breakfast of purple diamond fruit once again , and resumed their desperate hike west .
none of the trees in the area grew the hard purple fruit that they had used to defeat the red - eyed beasts earlier .
she thought of eating normal food , instead of the pulpy , tangy fruit juice that they now had for meals three times a day .
katy gathered some of the purple diamond fruit , which meegle said was called ibrass , and they sat on the ground around the fire to eat .
katy went off in search of fruit and water for breakfast .
they loaded sacks with supplies and dry fruit and vegetables .
they had a meal of dried fruit , and lay on the path to sleep , using their packs as pillows .
it was making up for days of dried fruit and vegetables .
before you can partake of the fruit , first you must pluck it from the tree .
we 'll be cheering for you to finally reap the fruit so do n't be bashful .
fracas bought a jewel apple from a peddler , bit into the amber fruit , and stated , look the prince has returned .
he finished peeling his fruit , took a bite of the juicy yellow flesh , and then said , look ... ardor and pluck have drawn their weapons .
sailors searched for springs and gathered fruits and nuts while the princess and lady flaxen slept through the morning .
the family was gathered in the large room with its high ceiling talking , working on a myriad of crafts and snacking on fruits that had been harvested earlier in the week .
she snacked on her dried fruit and drank from her water skin .
looking up at the night sky and listening to the men talk , she snacked on dried fruit and nuts from her pack .
maybe an apple and/or small , ( read ' tiny ' ) can of fruit juice .
nothing remained of their presence apart from the bloody remains of muirnes cousin and the wails of terrified women and children spilling from the trees like the juice of bitter fruit .
unbeknown to sarah the tapestry told the story of iduna the guardian of the golden apples , the fruit taken by the gods whenever they wished to be young again .
it carried platters of fruit , muffins , cookies , slices of cake and pie , and candies .
however , she did n't want to give her another chance to humiliate her , so over the protests of her stomach she politely refused more than a plate of fruit .
mother carried a basket filled with fruit and berries .
tahir knelt in the sand and reached into his pack to find some fruit .
do you like ginger fruit , farid ?
he asked , taking a big bite of the juicy fruit for himself farids head darted back and forth from tahir to the piece of fruit .
he asked , taking a big bite of the juicy fruit for himself farids head darted back and forth from tahir to the piece of fruit .
as though he understood , the fennec trotted over to the fruit and gobbled it up .
tahir smiled as he ate , occasionally tossing pieces of fruit on the ground .
if it were an oasis , he may be able to find some fruit .
it was big , with lots of trees ; dates , ginger fruit , and baobab .
tahir dropped his pack and weapons at the base of a date tree , shimmied up and snatched a bunch of the sweet fruit .
the fennec did nt seem as interested in the fruit as it was in the pool of clear water .
when tahir had his fill of fruit and water , he looked through his pack to see what the stranger filled it with .
tahir was cramming fruit in his pack when he heard stomping .
the small horse was trying to reach the fruit , but it was just out of its reach .
then it turned and kicked the tree with its hind legs ; despite its efforts , no fruit fell .
he slowly approached the scarred ginger fruit tree .
tahir hugged the tree and scooted up the trunk to the succulent fruit .
heres some fruit for you .
tahir said as he stuffed several pieces of fruit into his tunic .
within a few moments , he was sliding back down the tree with enough fruit for them both .
as he dropped down onto the ground some of the fruit fell out of his shirt and rolled onto the sand .
tahir extended the reddish - orange fruit outward .
come on , get the fruit .
it finished the fruit in his hand , ignoring the white nut in the center , then lowered his head to eat the pieces that had fallen .
tahir sat down on the ground next to him and together , they ate fruit for breakfast .
trees bore fruit of all kinds .
tahirs stomach rumbled as he watched ramah bite into the succulent fruit .
ramah took his time eating the fruit .
he would not survive without meat , just as we would not survive without fruit and grasses .
i like fruit , but i do nt think i like leaves or grass .
there were no fruit trees in sight ; nothing to replace the bitter taste of the leaf .
they taught him how to identify the poisonous fruits , how to get honey and extract tasty tree sap .
they teased each other and had races and contests to see who could pick the fastest while balancing a piece of fruit on their head .
the women prepared supper ; some seasoned and cooked the meat , others chopped and boiled vegetables over the fire , some gathered fruit and squeezed them for juice .
just remember , it needs to be a big strong tree that will hold up through wind and rain , bennie said as he stuffed a handful of dried fruit in his mouth .
after jeverre left , tahir and the other sprites reclined under a large shade tree , discussing the days events , while snacking on fruit and berries .
demetrius laughed to himself as he prepared fruit , berries , vegetables , and bread .
bennie said as he stooped to pick up the pieces of dried fruit that fell from his pockets during his spin with nayani .
its almost like eating your favorite fruit .
the stag was nibbling on fruit near the river when he heard his mates desperate call .
we were fed dry hay and occasionally , pieces of rotten fruit .
sometimes the bird would leave us for a few days and return with fruit .
it held a variety of fruits , cooked meats , bread and wine .
three settings were large , colorful dishes garnished with fancy grasses and filled with delicately sliced fruits and vegetables .
the gardens were ingeniously arranged to provide varied foods : fruits and berries , roots and grains , stalks and vines dripping with fat pods .
when its hot and dry ; cool , juicy fruit and vegetables are preferable , he explained between bites .
he reached into his pocket and retrieved a piece of sweet fruit , offering it to oraden as he spoke .
i have n't heard a tree complain to its branches that it needs them to bear fruits by the end of day .
its a very small house , you know , and only sits on a very small piece of land , only enough for a few vegetables and a fruit tree or two .
in her minds eye , she saw her home , the little shed out back , the large maple tree out front and the fruit trees in back .
homer went into the general store and had the clerk help him bring out wooden crates , barrels and sacks of flour , beans , dried fruit and vegetables , slabs of smoked bacon packed in bran , jerky , coffee , sugar and lard .
lucas approached a vendor selling fruit .
plentiful hampers full of fruits and nuts , oranges , bananas , coconuts , chestnuts and an unending range of other edible platters were let to float out towards the vessels incoming .
he came here often to hunt for grouse in the old fruit orchard .
behind them , a few remaining fruit trees and a rotten wooden watering trough told the story of another displaced new england farm family .
she preferred fruit tea .
the kitchen smelled of cake and baked fruits and mia took the smell in with pleasure .
-do you have any fruits ?
there were no fruits or vegetables .
they found a reliable man who taught them how to hunt for game , and how to scavenge for fruits and vegetables .
there were no other fruits to be found , and if there had ever been a field of grain , shrubs and weeds had displaced it .
the butcher , a heavy round man , spit in her face ; another man threw foul fruits at her , and the cook , a plump and common woman , managed to hit the girls face with a rotten egg an easy hit as she just stood there transfixed , staring blankly at the mass .
the cook answered derisively , she stole some of the fresh oranges and exotic fruits for the regents welcome dinner and then refused to admit the deed .
the fruits were set aside in baskets in front of the tent as we needed them for pastry right away : seven red star apples , ten sun fruits and five green seed fruits .
the fruits were set aside in baskets in front of the tent as we needed them for pastry right away : seven red star apples , ten sun fruits and five green seed fruits .
the fruits were set aside in baskets in front of the tent as we needed them for pastry right away : seven red star apples , ten sun fruits and five green seed fruits .
when i came back a couple of hours later , a sun fruit and two red star apples were missing .
it turned out that the only ones around were the little ones and none of them had any traces of fruit on them .
as i came closer , i even saw the light yellow stains typical of sun fruit on her robe .
and before i could do or say a thing , safi , your own son , master consul , asked her if the sun fruit was to her liking .
your sister is being accused of the theft of several special fruits and dishonorable behavior , my prince .
she claims that you saw her eating a sun fruit one of which was stolen .
well , we did see her watching practice as usual about an hour ago and she did appear to eat something , but i was too far away to recognize the fruit .
i would believe it if she would have taken a red star apple ; but a sun fruit ?
i just said that she would nt steal a sun fruit !
you see , your highness , it was nt only a sun fruit that was stolen .
now , have you at any time seen her eating a red star apple or a sun fruit today , warrior ?
why would she eat a sun fruit ?
she was eating a red star apple , but except for my sons word , no one saw her with the sun fruit .
there wo nt be any doubts left about what she did with the fruits then , will there ?
but if she did nt take the fruits , then who did it ?
apparently he was one of those stealing the fruits !
` ` does n't make any sense , if they wish to reap the fruit you have to shake the tree . ''
ravan pulled from his stores some dried meat and fruits and passed them to his son .
she then passed the palm of her hand back and forth over the ground around her skirts before finding the old husks of several of last years walnut shells with the spent nut fruit still inside .
in every direction ravan was bombarded with the smells of incense , fruit , rot and flesh , all intermingling in a mad circus of methodical confusion .
unable to control its flight , the creature crashed into the grove of apple trees where sharp branches tore its flesh and the wizards rich red blood showered the green fruit .
upon opening the bathroom door , the lavender scent faded behind me , and i was instantly struck by the smell of tropical fruit and the salty sea drifting up into the bedroom .
butler slammed on the brakes , narrowly missing a fruit sellers cart .
her stomach reminded her that she had nt eaten since the sweet roll and fruit she had snagged on her way out of the hotel before dawn .
succulent fruits and vegetables from all over the islands made a colorful display on the tables .
i ve also heard about rivers of honey and delicious fruits .
he stands there looking at the pretty young parishioner as she assembles a platter with portions of strudels , cream puffs , and a host of fruit filled confectioneries .
unks decides he 'd like a half dozen of the fruit pastries , and a half dozen of the creamed filled puffs .
he grabs a fruit filled pastry while miss avery responds , i do nt know why , but it feels like i ve always known you .
miss avery cleans off beckys fruit covered face .
cass removes a small box from the top of mrs . guvenossies bag and sees two loaves of fresh baked bread , a cherry pie , a folded cardboard container of warm stew , and seven jars of preserved fruits and vegetables .
the virgin queen has brought hong kong and shanghai fresh fruit from south america , wheat for their masses from the americas , and western wear and textiles sporting the latest fashions from the united states , france , and great britain .
he 'll eat just about any fruit you put in front of him . ''
bears tasty fruit mopani : indigenous shrub / tree nkosi : respectful way of addressing a superior panga : machete picannin : small african boy ratel : heavily armoured six - wheel drive troop carrier with a .50 browning machine gun on the turret .
the fact that we could procure young fruit trees from there put us years ahead .
in late summer , when the marula fruit lay fermenting under the trees , it was not uncommon to see a variety of animals staggering around slightly sloshed .
they live mainly off fruit and insects , but were known for predating on the new - born of especially the smaller antelope species .
crops , fruit , livestock or humans ? ''
there were traces of a variety of fruit , berries and shoots as well as other plant matter that she was still trying to identify .
large fruit bats swept through the beams of their spotlights , and a rare fish owl sounded off overhead .
a wide variety of fruit trees were in evidence close to the house - oranges , paw - paw , guava , lemon , mango , litchi and others .
in the lush subtropical climate of malelane everything had just kept on growing - from weeds to fruit trees .
there were even a couple of men with torches ripping oranges from the nearby trees , sometimes carelessly tearing down a whole branch to get to a particularly succulent - looking fruit .
dannel was a farmer and agricultural artist , a very dedicated and happy one at that , inventing all sorts of popular and delicious fruits .
they worked together efficiently , running a farm filled with livestock , fields of template plantsa plant that was a genetic base that could be easily manipulated to produce nearly anything you could imagineand groves of custom designed fruit trees .
he had high marks from his classes , had created some popular fruits for his father , yet was it enough to warrant this kind of attention from the manthe god of illuminatium himself ?
already , his apprentices could be seen working up and down the ladders , plucking the sweet fruits from the branches .
he took a deep breath , inhaling the sweet fragrance of the fleshy fruits mixing with the salt from the sea .
she was carrying three trays , featuring a generous serving of steak , pana root , sheni eggs , and fruit .
i spent most of my time helping to build that new kula fruit .
he gathered himself an assortment of fruit ; dates , grapes , and an apple .
should nt you be sleeping instead of eating fruit ?
amunet asked as she expertly peeled the fruit .
he loved the juicy fruit , but hated that damned skin .
esephris asked as lisanne pulled out a kula fruit and some yett cheese , handing it to him .
he had nt felt like he had time to stop for a large breakfast , as a result he had packed some fruits along with some yett meat and cheese from the dorms kitchen .
as esephris passed one of the markets beginning to open up for the day , he was greeted by an elderly lady preparing her fruit stand .
esephris shrugged , embarrassed , as he scanned the fruits , looking for his fathers famous brands .
that is one hard fruit to find .
as they walked , sapharu saw people unloading fish , fruits , vegetables , and then loading devices of all kinds he did nt recognize from docked ships .
he noticed the same thing with the fruits and vegetables .
the son of a nobleman telling me that he wanted me to be his girl as we sat in the branches of the peach tree in the royal gardens , our faces covered in fruit juices .
like a merchant trying to sell me an overpriced piece of fruit , she thought that changing the name of ' apple ' to ' delicious red thing ' would somehow change my mind .
i could either burn all the crops and houses outside of the castle , destroying my people 's livelihoods to deprive my enemy of the resourcesor i could leave them like ripe fruit to be plucked , and the enemy would then use those supplies to outlast us as they besieged us into submission .
titto entered , sighing deeply at the table lightened by candles , full of meats , fruits and fatty meals before the rock .
there was a large plate of fruit between them that joshua was picking at and that elizabeth and yohan were devouring by the handful .
you can not blame me , madam , for tasting the fruits you so blatantly possess .
delivering her second load of water , grace picked a ripe fruit from the larder in the kitchen and started back for her third .
going to the stream , she could carry both buckets with one hand and still have one hand free to hold the fruit .
the women would have to dry the remaining fruit before it spoiled .
sharons presentation of super sweet coffee and a bowl of fruit loops did nothing to help matters .
she accepted a fruit bar distributed by sam and wiped her safety glasses .
courtney opened the backpacks and found two apples , a fruit bar and a couple boxes of raisins .
she took out three fruit bars and handed them around .
renee felt as if all her years of study had suddenly bore fruit .
she had stuck to fruit juice all evening and in her wicked scheming , encouraged her friends to sip wine from the flasks that peppered every table .
justin time sat at the kitchen table , preparing a fruit salad .
apparently he had an affinity for fruits and vegetables .
the kitchen was a mess , chopped fruit fragments everywhere .
` ` i dunno , '' j replied , still clutching the empty fruit bowl .
he 'd been neatly gathering the scattered fruit into separate bowls ; bowls which josie took and dumped into a single large one .
` ` i s'pose yer right , '' he reflected , dumping the strangely tingling strawberries into the larger bowl with the rest of the fruit .
` ` i lost him on th ' part about time bein ' a fruit salad . ''
she cheerfully carried the fruits basket which lay on the floor .
they were gathering of the fruits from the trees .
four men as group , there are some edible fruits and roots there ; you can test paul to check for poison , said michel to the soldiers .
thank god for the food , said diana , looking at meats and fruits .
she put down the plate full of fruits and left the tent .
sharine grabbed few fruits and munched them .
it seemed that even his bones ached for the warmth and brightness of summer , for fresh meat fed on young grass , for the crisp taste of new vegetables and fruits .
we have enough meat for a moon , enough seeds for half , and some dried berries , but no other fruits , baer resumed with their concerns .
with some reasonable growth of greens and fruits they would not starve .
it will bloom and bear fruit and ripen .
your seed had better bear fruit more than tenfold to be worth all this work , tanya commented .
but the shaman knows that we , of the standing - rock clan , have the one true claim on falcon , and he is here to shake the tree hard enough for the fruit to fall in his lap .
the grasses have seeds growing and the tomato plants have started to bear fruit , dawn said with pride in her voice .
i see the seedling grow into a plant , then bloom with the flower of its youth , ripen into fruit of its seeds , many fold .
grain enough to feed our people , fruit enough to nourish them .
she came up to him and handed him a sack filled with bread , dried meat and fruits .
to the west the land was primarily farmland , with the occasional orchard of fruit - bearing trees .
a grove of trees approached which looked to be apples or some similar kind of red fruit .
the motion of the boat changing direction awakened miko and james pointed out the approaching fruit trees .
when no one else turned up , they helped themselves to some fruit .
james located an apple - like fruit that appeared to be ripe and removed it from the branch .
he bit into it , and found that the fruit had a taste similar to apples , though the skin was slightly thicker .
even though the man attempted to avoid the hurled fruit , the apple altered its course accordingly and nailed him in the side of the head .
dodging around a servant girl with a basket full of fruit , he reached the alley and shot inside .
as they continued toward it , james spied an orchard of fruit trees .
a family of three generations was hard at work harvesting its fruit .
the baskets filled with reddish - yellow fruit were stacked on a nearby mule - drawn wagon .
as he neared , the family noticed his approach but continued to gather their fruit .
i do nt suppose you would part with some of your fruit ?
while james dug a copper out of his pouch , the man went to the wagon and picked out six of the fruits .
eyeing the fruit longingly , he said , and thank you for allowing us to purchase them .
finishing his first fruit , miko said , thanks .
fresh fruit is hard to come by at times .
he took a bite and enjoyed the sweet firm flesh of the fruit .
its a popular fruit from where i come from , he explained .
they continued on toward lornigan , munching on the fruit as they gradually approached the outskirts of town .
deep in a dream about him and a friend filching fruit from a merchants stand , he was startled out of his reverie by the sudden motion of james jerking his arm forward .
the fruit tasted cool and sweet .
` ` the fruit is juicy and ripe up here , '' lisa called down , ` ` sweet as sugar and red as blood . ''
tom took a big mouthful , letting his teeth sink deep into the fruit , juice filling his mouth .
he still held the apple in his other hand and there were more of the things , crawling , squirming out of the rotten fruit .
` ` we can find water and perhaps fruit here , '' he said , ` ` but it is only a much larger form of oasis in a desert of another kind . ''
` ` nevertheless , '' observed the masked man , ` ` there is enough water and edible fruit here to serve our purpose . ''
they had managed to replenish their supplies with exotic fruit and water from a small pond found amongst the vegetation .
beside him , storm - shadow loudly crunched on a huge carrot with a plate filled with crisp vegetables and juicy fruits .
they had bananas , coconuts , papayas , and all kinds of fruit .
large bowls of sliced fruit and vegetables of all kinds lay beneath catching the cold melt water from the dripping wings .
on the end of the table with the food were a collection of bottles of soft drinks ; cola , lemonade and some fruit flavoured fizzy drinks that were bright blues and reds .
the air was always thick with the comforting smell of spirits and cigarette smoke ; there was a pool table , a fruit machine , and best of all a bar with stella on tap plus a whole host of random bottles we would dare each other to try .
the christmas tree was still standing in the corner , its flashing fairy lights competing in earnest with the lights of the simpsons fruit machine next to it .
al put a fiver in the fruit machine and got a fiver back out , then we had one last drink before we left to get the bus .
why have you got me fucking fruit ?
i do nt want fruit , i want a fag .
several times a year it blooms and mavis collects the fruit and brews bottom up mead .
another box contains dried and preserved brackenberry fruit native to the elvish lands .
tables had been laid out on which various fruits and delicious meals were arranged in large silver bowls , and an artificial pedestal raised up for the occasion lay before the guests , most of whom were still trickling into the hall .
or perhaps we should give them some fruits and biscuits from the store .
now , load a cutter with fruits and biscuits from the store .
out went the biscuits and fruits , and water was scooped into the tin , but as the boy turned to quench the fire , it died out completely .
the people started throwing rotten fruits and mud at them and she tried to protect herself .
people were everywhere because on saturdays there were always open - air markets with fresh vegetables and fruits .
he finally found one that sold fruits and fresh vegetables and an assortment of dried peppers and jerky .
they bought a few bags of fruits and vegetables and even a few sticks of fresh jerky .
he was nt too hungry , for his friends had given him a few more pieces of fruit before he had left them .
as he walked through the kitchen , he saw large stainless steel serving trays being loaded with eggs , potatoes , fruit and a variety of other dishes , and carried through another set of double doors on the other side of the kitchen .
i am sure your mind was too close to god to notice how her lips looked as sweet as mead , her flesh as soft as dough , and yet ripe as fruit in all the right places .
all the women were so interested in him and willing perhaps even to risk retribution for wanting to taste such an exotic fruit as him .
and there are so many plants , in number and variety , flowers and fruits all wondrous to behold .
thank you for warning me not to risk such forbidden fruit .
rea , unable to let that go unchallenged , was quick to point out , flowers have their time of bloom , fruits have their seasons , and the seasons have their cycles .
suddenly our field is full of flowers and the fruits have ripened all at once .
the men hunted , the women gathered seeds , roots and fruit .
the tomatoes had clusters of fruits , some already ripening .
in fascination dawn wondered how the plant decided which fruit to ripen first .
she found that sometimes a tiny injury to a fruit would trigger ripening as the plant tried to ensure maturity of seed , before rot would set in .
this was no great loss , except when the fruit ripened so temptingly just out of reach .
food and water were brought at meal times in generous proportions : meat , roots , vegetables , nuts and fruit , just like clan food .
the first fruits have already been plucked .
a fruit that has fallen from a tree is no longer a part of it , though it carries its seed .
eventually , dawn , too , fell like a ripe fruit into chaikos arms , her body radiating heat and joy , her eyes caressing him .
dawn gave little things to each , the softest of skins , cured hide and leather , finely worked skin bags , scented items , rope , thongs , colored stones , small pouches full of aromatic herbs , and delicacies like dried fruit , nuts and honey .
each year they had to come back early and leave the elk behind , to harvest the bounty of the land : the seeds , the fruits , and the roots for the winter .
mother went to pick some fruit in the valley and big fart went elking , the boy replied , delighted that he could get his older brother into some trouble .
the fruits were also coming into season and the children in particular loved to pick them .
interestingly , instead of being repelled or becoming careful around him , the women were intrigued , willing to taste such an exotic fruit as the trader .
all that was required was patience to see what fruit a seed of knowledge grew into , watered by curiosity , fed by desire to learn .
ido slipped inside with some small offerings of dried fruit .
upon her back , bouncing up and down with each trot , is a large , decadent pie , topped with all sorts of colorful fruits and berries .
i ve packed a cooler with bagels and fruit and a thermos of coffee .
you should think about changing your diet to more fruits and vegetables , ohoney , smiles .
but the pancreas detects fructose , a natural sugar found in fruits and honey so maybe they were too sweet , giggles yorkie .
also you need to eat a balanced diet of meats , fruits and vegetables .
i see fruit .
it bore fruit too .
we are a farm of 3,000 acres of crops that stretch as far as the eye could see in all geographical directions surrounded by with beautiful productive white cotton plants , a grove of orange which are sour by mouth but yummy in salads , an peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables in front of the dogtrot plantation since we farm every part of the soil to benefit the school and the students ... sterling studies the windows of eight foot tall by four feet wide wearing an array of gracefully falling different type of colors and textures drape curtain fabrics that puddles like a pool of colored water onto the wooden flooring .
the dogtrot grounds are both elegant with beautiful arrays of flowers from azaleas to roses and eaten with tons of hardy fresh - grown fruits , vegetables , and tree nuts in the red clay soil .
two utensils , not ten fingers are used for the appetizer course , the salad course , the main entre , the fruit course , and the dessert course .
table manners require a fruit plate with a variety of compotes of glaceed fruit , dark chocolates and mixed nuts to utilize a set of special utensils .
table manners require a fruit plate with a variety of compotes of glaceed fruit , dark chocolates and mixed nuts to utilize a set of special utensils .
a fruit fork and a fruit knife are used much like a fish fork and a knife peeling the meat from the seed then gently lifting the fruit to your tongue , she eats the glaceed fruit first then smiles .
a fruit fork and a fruit knife are used much like a fish fork and a knife peeling the meat from the seed then gently lifting the fruit to your tongue , she eats the glaceed fruit first then smiles .
a fruit fork and a fruit knife are used much like a fish fork and a knife peeling the meat from the seed then gently lifting the fruit to your tongue , she eats the glaceed fruit first then smiles .
a fruit fork and a fruit knife are used much like a fish fork and a knife peeling the meat from the seed then gently lifting the fruit to your tongue , she eats the glaceed fruit first then smiles .
senn exhales watching symole drools over the shiny fruit .
i thought fruity dessert contained at least one or four pieces of fruit , digs into the smooth liquid .
come on sondra lets walk around the lawn and eat some fruit from the blooming trees i shake my curls .
several minutes later a young woman came in , holding a tray with a coffee pot , sugar pot , cups , biscuits , chocolate , and dried fruit on .
the stranger came up to the window and looked at a well - kept orchard with fruit trees .
there , he drank some tea , snatched dry fruit and nuts , and asked for a bed .
anyways , we can feed you extra enzymes to detect fructose , a type of sugar found naturally in fruits and honey plus processed foods like cereals and soda so you do nt receive type 2 diabetes .
he was slightly surprised , however , to find that the storm itself was not what he sought , but the fruits that it left behind .
a fruit merchant quickly jumped up to him , displaying a glowing red pear .
he peeled the fruit and placed it between the sparsely toothed gums .
a white pigeon came fluttering from somewhere , sat on the bunch of bananas , and started biting a fruit with its beak .
as usual , i do nt know where ronnie could have met her , or any of his hook ups , but he started bringing jamie around pretty often , and introduced her to me one night as me and katie where experimenting , out of sheer curiosity if not boredom , with a bunch of random fruit , cheese , candy , and dairy ingredients tossed into a blender to make a new milkshake we were going to call the alpine .
his friend smiled at his approach , made room for him and lana hurried over to offer some dried fruits , but the rest of the young people were intimidated by his presence .
pick the fruit while it is ripe in the time of its ripening .
it is said that a fruit falls not far from the tree that bore it , and the tree itself is reflected in the fruit it casts into the world , but i am hard pressed to see you and i in our parents ... chaiko expressed rare doubts .
it is said that a fruit falls not far from the tree that bore it , and the tree itself is reflected in the fruit it casts into the world , but i am hard pressed to see you and i in our parents ... chaiko expressed rare doubts .
dawn came and offered some sweet fruit and the water skin .
kids were hanging from the lower branches like ripe fruit .
they were eating the fruits of the marshes , fish and more fish , unhappily nothing more substantial .
dawn brought him some dried fruit and a few green nuts to eat .
the next time the women go into the fields for fruit and roots , see if you can find some spirit seed for me .
dawn offered a few dried sweet fruits and then discreetly withdrew as did the others .
have you noticed , the shaman said , how a wounded fruit tries to ripen earlier than the rest , to ensure maturity of its seed before spoiling ?
she went about offering refreshments , dried fruits and drinks to the visitors .
no dessert until you eat your vegetables , and no rebirth until you eat your fruit .
recognizing a ravenous man when she saw one , the waitress asked me , do you want a fruit cup with that ?
he followed a prudent diet , foregoing fast foods for brown - bag lunches of whole grains , lean meat , fresh veggies and fruits rich with anti - oxidants .
it overlooked the market area to the outskirts , near the low wages section , where most of the poor people of the city bought spoiled fruit and rotten vegetables .
dozens of carts , fruit stands and tall , cabinet like stalls stretched out in the space along the way .
ogana chuckled as he ate the last piece of dried fruit we had .
i owe you guys for helping me get free , he said slowly as he crunched the fruit .
i was angry at the fact that he had eaten the last of the dried fruit .
they re everywhere anymore , he shrugs , pulling the bowl of fruit on the table closer and sifting through it .
do nt have much of an appetite , he shrugs , shoving the fruit away .
i respectfully greeted two elderly ladies , who gave me curious looks in the supermarket 's fruit and vegetable section .
finger foods , salads , pts and breads , a cheese platter and bowls with fresh fruit .
in england i would never have dared to wear a figure - hugging dress to work , printed all over with large purple fruit .
yeillie appears eating fruit , grinning with food particles .
i grow fruits and flowers .
he managed to steal eggs from the hen house and fruit from the orchard which he stored away in the loft to be eaten at night when there was no one around .
sally was grazing on dry granola and some fruit .
gabe held out a couple of cups of starbucks , bagels and containers of fruit .
bart stood beside sally who glared as she opened one of the plastic boxes of mixed fruit .
as they walked she opened her tote bag and displayed a couple of baguettes , some cheese , fruit , and a four hundred euro bottle of margaux .
they sat on a low wall and she out a small colorful cloth and arranged the bread and cheese and fruit on a plate .
the slender man , jules by name , carried a tray laden with a large gruyere omelet , frittes , fruit , bread and a pot of tea .
to ivan , her dress looked like a fruit salad had exploded all over it .
shed also laid out biscuits , assorted fruit , and a selection of preserves .
bandicoots eat insects , grubs , and ripe fruit , said grandma , but unfortunately , they love dog food too .
grandma offered him some fruit , but he turned his head away .
as soon as shed finished , she helped her grandmother chop a ripe kiwi fruit into small pieces .
i hope he 'll like this , said grandma , plopping the fruit into a tiny bowl and heading to furbles room .
when grandma placed a small piece of fruit near his mouth , his long nose twitched with curiosity .
but after sniffing the fruit , furble just turned away and yawned .
after chopping more kiwi fruit into tiny pieces , grandma placed them in a saucer .
molly picked up the saucer of fruit and walked behind her .
as soon as grandma left the room , molly picked up a piece of fruit and carried it to furble .
furble was probably hungry and could smell the insect cereal and fruit .
as molly held the camera up , the little bandicoot moved to the next bow and gobbled the fruit .
scraps of fruit and cereal were strewn all around the cage .
he eats bugs and fruit too .
she pointed at a picture of furble eating fruit .
you could see a cute little dock and sun deck , with small hut with goodies and a fridge of sodas and fruit and package twinkies !
everyone quietly rummaged around the cellar and got candy , peaches , fruit , ice cream , soda and many snacks .
candy , potato chips , cake , soda , ice cream and snacks , even fruit and milk .
glinda had fruit juice .
he dipped his nose into the glass and inhaled the hints of earth and fruit , cleansing the stink of ballingers dirt and the lure of daisys oversexed , teenage fantasies .
for dessert they would finish their fresh fruit , combined with homemade goat cheese .
she unrolled an animal skin full of jerky and dried fruit for supper .
nena fetched dried fruit from their supplies .
profits dangled like low hanging fruit along the border .
they seemed so cozy and glowed a comforting orange color , like a fruit .
gisbo rolled out of bed , got dressed and dug out a small piece of fruit from his food crate to munch along the way .
they slid the succulent meats onto the plates of hungry renegades while others ran with large bowls full of all sorts of vegetables , fruits and assorted sweets .
i can just tell when stewies giving me an attitude , whip said as he lifted up the back of his cloak to reveal a sleeping fruit bat , hanging upside down from his uniform .
the orchard was lined with various trees bearing different types of fruit .
jin smiled to himself when , at that moment , he was smacked in the face with a fruit .
delicious tasting fruits and vegetables momentarily distract me .
picking up the reality journal , i bring it to the kitchen and eat another dried fruit meal before my dream .
approached the man behind it , i ask , what do you want for your cart of fruit ?
joyfully riding off on my motorbike , i m left with his fruit cart .
smiling , he annoyingly states , ok , but i get to pick which half of the fruit .
after filling my backpack with some of the remaining fruit , i leave the rest of the cart under his supervision for the time being .
with the sun down , i return to the front desk and take the fruit cart , pushing it out onto the street .
i hand out pieces of fruit to a few hungry beggars , and soon a crowd of people follows me surrounding the cart .
a portable music box plays and people dance to my right and two women beg me for my last piece of fruit to my left .
finishing the warm shower , i go to the kitchen with some more fruit .
there are about twenty large bags of dried fruit , vegetables , and peanuts on storage shelves .
after eating fresh fruits and vegetables , i decide to get out of the compound soon before more of flashbacks return .
he felt hungry and his meal , thupka and curry of beans was served soon and as he was not willing to take any alcoholic drinks , he was given fruit wine with mild alcoholic content and he relished the sweet - sour taste of the beverage .
do nt worry i ve enough bread and dry fruits in by rucksack nil felt that his robe and inner garments had been removed from his body and his bare body was covered with a thin blanket .
she took out bread , fruits and water and they completed their eating .
they also felt hungry and took some dried fruits .
william , liz , and billy carried all the fruits , vegetables , spices , milk , and medicine that they could carry .
they brought tons of food that wo nt spoil quickly -- dry beans , sugar , wheat , pasta , rice , legumes , dried fruit , and raisons -- but they need perishables like fruit and vegetables that only siberians can get safely .
they brought tons of food that wo nt spoil quickly -- dry beans , sugar , wheat , pasta , rice , legumes , dried fruit , and raisons -- but they need perishables like fruit and vegetables that only siberians can get safely .
posing as a logistical officer , he paid cash for fruits , vegetables , milk , bread , and beef jerky to be delivered on specific dates at farms he rented just outside of his targets .
after breakfast , william flew with his best mongol speakers to the capital , where they bought fresh fruit , vegetables , bread , milk , spices , and medicine .
a couple of trips later they ' ve surrounded themselves with pop , bread , butter , salads , and fruit bowls .
they get plates and fill up on scrambled eggs , bacon , hash browns , gravy , biscuits and coffee then return for some side dishes of fruit and little tubs of butter and jam .
she was already fruit loops over the guy .
reena , at the head of a small company of wenches , brought us freshly cooked meats and a variety of succulent fruits .
` ` consider , sir , if made large enough , and of the right design and materials , it could contain several errant members and provide storage for roots , fruits and other plantstuff and sundry other stores . ''
an ' near all the ways up , you did catch the fragrances wafting from flowering fruit trees and such as was planted there abouts .
the bucks would be unarmed ; the older women would have fruit to offer , and the young native girlsin all their naked beautywell , they were just so welcoming !
apparently , early one eveafter imbibing the juice of a most delectable fruit , since noon ( i must learn not to overindulge meself ) i turned a bit randy towards the sisters , and a bit rowdy , too .
there were different incense sticks burning , so that one could smell now apricot , now passion fruit , now orchids as the different smells wafted about and created a pleasant mlange of differing sensations .
while most of the crew ( which was , at that time , fairly small ; only fifteen men made up the crew of the merry martin back then ) were out marvelling at the exotic fruits and meats they could find , bluebeard had stumbled upon a primitive village .
anybody got any fruit ?
he seemed a bit upset , which pissed me offsqueezing the fruit in my hand , nearly making a handful of pulp .
i ask while taking the last bit of peel off the fruit .
excellent , gabriel said , examining the bag of fruit .
he shrugged , have nt given it too much thought , he said with a mouthful of fruit .
however , mairi and i noticed a really beautiful house set within its own little garden , with papayas , coconuts , guavas and other tropical fruit .
you could begin eating a piece of fresh fruit and have the thing turn rotten before you finished .
a guard sat watching mea youngish , asian fellow sitting under a black umbrella that looked like it had been stitched together from the wings of giant fruit bats .
i went over and stared up into the branches girding myself against the possibility of any strange fruit dangling from a noose .
he became a small bat and then a larger one and then one of those giant , tropical fruit bats you see in zoos , the kind that sort of looks like a chihuahua with wings .
the cheery room with its bright white walls , pictures of fruit and bright yellow curtains was the place mrs . davis felt the most comfortable , and that was where she led them now .
basha crouched behind the schoolhouse , waiting for his chance to bolt , while the rest of the schoolboys threw rotting dung fruit , named after its horrible smell , at the girls .
the oldest boys and girls , in preparation for the big fight , had procured sixteen crates of rotting fruit and vegetables from vendors last night after the marketplace had closed .
but the girls were not completely victorious yet , as the boys still threw the rotting dung fruit , which horrified and disgusted most of the girls .
the boys and girls chanted against each other for now , but soon it would get physical in a fight that would progress beyond rotting dung fruit and mud - ball turnips .
oaka towered above the bushes , which were not quite as leafy green as they would be in the season of plig , nor as thick with fruit as they would be in the season of suma , but they were thick with branches still .
however , as jawen ran to avoid a rotting piece of dung fruit hurled at them , and talia ducked , jawen lost track of her little sister in the crowd .
there was no sign of her little sister anywhere , and she was covered in mud - ball turnip juice , maybe bits of rotting dung fruit as well , from the ongoing fight around her .
she spotted a boy passing by , probably to get more dung fruit , or reinforcements for the fight , and jawen frowned to herself .
yet silence fell over the square as boys and girls dropped their mud - ball turnips and dung fruit , withdrawing into themselves as they held their voices in a gasp .
balnor is a curse word that means dung , and not dung fruit , but dung dung .
he survived , it was believed , by stealing fruit and meat from some of the merchants in daeva city and by catching fish in the libron river .
merchants and traders still traveled to and from amlaman each springtime and harvest bringing furs from noras and returning with spices and fruits from amlaman .
but sympathy for the cursed fruit of her womb drove her to cast off the rational woman and take up the mantle of a lunatic .
the noras are a proud race , and they do not own up to their bad fruit gladly .
we will feast on the fruit of their land this very harvest ! '
there were several kinds of fruit trees on the island , the like of which he had never seen in falsis .
the shadow that has been in my heart has brought forth evil fruit .
some men hunted and fished , some gathered fruit and berries from the woods , but all of them did their fair share .
they sat in bed eating the cheese and fruit she 'd brought over and fixed up real fancy on one of his plates .
after a leisurely meal of eggs , smoked ham and fresh fruit , tiny stood up , kissed lo on his forehead , and said she was off like a prom dress .
the branches were covered with hard , green fruit the size of grapes .
he rubbed the skinny little trunk slowly between his fingertips , and the fruit began to turn a pale golden yellow , then a bright golden orange .
elly clapped as the fruit changed colors and grew to the size of golf balls , hanging heavily from their little stems .
tyrone was touching the brightly colored fruit , then smelling his fingertips , delighted .
antoine pointed with amazement at the sumptuous fruit hanging from the little tree , as the sickly sweet smell of orange essence filled the air in the apartment , like a night out in new orleans .
she trembled as she leaned against a spongy trunk of a canopy tree , the tangy scent of the trees oblong white fruit teasing her nostrils .
he spoke around the fruit in his mouth .
another plate of fresh fruit and vegetables was hastily set in place of the meat .
there are always fruits and edible plants and small game around .
pulling the pack from her waist , echo brought out the few provisions shed brought : a warm blanket made from the elves magical weavers -- the material was thin , but could keep a person as warm as wool on chilly nights ; a few bits of fruit and nuts , which she nibbled on as shimmer grazed next to her ; and extra clothing for when she reached the snowy part of the mountain .
the table was piled with food ; fruits and vegetables were perfectly balanced by arrangement of size , shape and color .
somehow she could nt imagine the monstrous beasts staying so large by eating fruit .
they do , but they also eat fruit , vegetables , and other vegetation .
we came to a wall composed primarily of shelves displaying country knickknacks like ceramic roosters , painted pigs , and various arrangements of plastic fruit , then entered a secondary dining room .
two old men lingered over coffee near the wall with the ceramic roosters and plastic fruit .
he made a small fire and enjoyed a meal of dried meat and fruit .
he gorged on their ample fruit but remembered to bring some back with him to where tagan was in case he awoke .
a young nymph stood immobile to the side of her chair , holding a thin stone platter filled with sweet fruits .
devlin patted the steed 's mane as he fed it a verden carrot and then a small lore fruit , gifting it before the task that awaited them .
most were requests from various fae to give readings on specific topics , with payment offers that ranged from bushels of lore fruit to an abducted verden child .
while the big fae nonchalantly ate his fruit , lorcan viewed their surroundings with a scowl .
after finishing the last bite of his fruit , aldritch said , ` ` your tone irks me ; that was a caution .
she grabbed at some watercress i swear we had never had in the fridge , some herbs , an orange from the fruit bowl , and several other ingredients i did n't recognize .
money you can put to use buying new clothes , fresh fruit and vegetables , and a mirror so you can see yourself practicing your new powerful , deadly glares .
thin needles an inch long extended from the surface , blocking any grip with a sharp point , much like a cactus guarding its fruit .
we are not going to try the same trick we used at the fruit stand , are we ?
waiting for him at the doorstep was a basket filled with fruits , vegetables and a few cuts of meat .
some fruits and vegetables fell out and spilled onto the floor .
it hoped to taste some sweet fruits and hopefully some fresh meat .
whichever village leo visited first , he would often be welcomed warmly and served fresh fruit and spiced meat , usually a fowl or fish .
leo approached a sailor who was unloading crates of exotic , foul smelling spiky fruit , from a small vessel onto the dock .
the crates containing whatever fruit was being unloaded were splintered and spotted with mildew .
i 'll have an ounce of juicy fruit please .
while neil sat down and leant back against one of the trees and carefully assembled a joint , kenny stripped down to his shorts , removed his glasses and painfully tip - toed down the beach , empty save for the latest deposits of les fruits de la mer , and headed towards the surf carrying the board under his right arm .
so he hauled himself into it and covered himself with the stench of rotting meat , vegetables , fruit , fish and god knows what else .
bright green leaves and vines full of flowers and fruits adorned the cloth .
a bundle of dried fruits was dripping from its mouth .
snuffling between shoppers feet , a little brown and white dog investigated rotted fruit and the pee puddles of other dogs .
tenzo ducked into a fruit stand .
one of her slippers flew off and was left behind like a piece of unripe fruit blown down in a wind .
her hungry kisses had gorged on sweet fruit born of forbidden freedoms .
good morning , she greeted while the servant put fruit pastries still warm from the oven onto plates .
he watched as she washed glasses and put up the unused fruit .
she cleared the last pines and crossed the herb and vegetable garden , examined the plants already stretching up , the fruits , pods , and delicate leaves nearing maturity .
inside were a generous bag of dried meat , another of dried fruits and nuts , and a final sack of roots and herbs that he did not recognize .
how long do you think a bag of dried meat , fruit , and nuts would last in the middle of the forest if it were n't protected ?
in front of the house , encompassing the entire center of the clearing , was a small field of vegetables with green stalks just beginning to bear their fruit .
her face twisted up like shed just eaten a bad piece of fruit .
only a few of the trees remained standing , their emerging fruit rotting on the ground .
in another rolled tube , he finds a creamy spread of mashed stone fruit .
opening his pack , he counts the fruit bars within .
they were still covered in thorns but some had velvety leaves or fruit .
maybe the fruit was poisonous .
the skin was sour , but the rest of the fruit was sweet like candy .
some animals would be around if the fruit was good .
maji gave up the search for possible meat and grabbed a few more pieces of fruit .
or perhaps those fruits had been poison .
` ` the fruit here is sedative . ''
seeing the water reappear , maji realized that in the few days she 'd been there , she 'd not eaten more than the sedative fruit .
just as before , the juice from the fruit put her to sleep quickly .
chapter twenty - five | apples & arrows talon reached into the small sack and pulled out an apple , then handed the piece of fruit to jason branton .
fruit suddenly hung from the branches of trees .
there was bread with honey , dried fruit , and even a few pieces of leathery ham .
hey , ducomeos , how s the fruit hanging , man ?
when the honey cakes and perfectly ripened fruit were served , skandar clapped his hands and a tumbling troop of children came in , nurses carrying the smallest ones .
she laughed , taking a bite of the toast before smearing it with some fruit jelly .
as always , it was stocked with pots , pans , ladles and various types of fruits and vegetables .
both his parents had enjoyed cookinghearty soups and stews on cold new york winter nights , and french toast or waffles on the weekends , replete with bacon , fresh fruit , and real maple syrup .
she placed the bag containing fruit , peanut butter , crackers , and cookies on the table by his bed .
a pungent broth bubbled in a pot on the softly crackling fire , herbs hung in bunches from the low roof beams , rough made shelves held earthen bowls of fruit and nuts and everywhere were flowers .
barrels of water and fruit were hauled across on ropes while the townsfolk ambled down to the wharf to watch the spectacle of a fully laden slave - ship .
the girl entered again , carrying a tray of sweet cakes and fruit cordial in thin glass cups .
sometimes , he would be pelted with rotten fruit , or spat upon , but always he conducted himself with dignity and patience , as if this intolerance had always existed for him and he was above it .
and then one day it was nt a rotten piece of fruit or cabbage that sailed through the air to splatter against his turban or foul his robe but a rock , wielded by youths and thrown hard in bitterness and spite .
the tastes were pleasing and the cool , tangy taste of the fruit felt clean in his mouth .
no guard stood sentinel or questioned his business there and he followed the others , walking narrow roads , through thickly planted orchards of apples , nuts , apricots and plums , the ripe fruit hanging heavily on the branches .
men tended the gardens and swept the paths , others perched on ladders quietly picking the ripened fruit or pruning the branches with sharp curved blades .
he uncovered a small table set with bread , fruit , a dish of yellow butter and a jug of milk .
before he made his way to the gates , he stopped at the bazaar and bought wool carpets and blankets for the hospice and paid for fresh fruit and bread to be delivered .
she pushed him down onto the soft pillows and glided into another room , returning only a moment later with a tray of fruits , a loaf of bread , a dish of honey and a jug of wine and placed them on a table in front of him .
and wouldst thou give a prince for his supper , worm eaten fruits , weevilled bread , wine only last week from the presses ?
golden loaves of soft , white bread , whole roasted fowl , basted lambs and suckling pigs , barrels of sweet orange nectar and platters of fruit .
there are flowers that hang like a cluster of golden stars from their stems and berries , one bite of which and the sourest fruit becomes as manna from heaven , for it is your right to see what marvels exist in the world .
a couple of apples rolled around in the fruit bin .
alonzo got out the fruit from the reefer and started to wash and slice it for his fruit plate .
alonzo got out the fruit from the reefer and started to wash and slice it for his fruit plate .
willy ate his dinner of cold sandwiches and fruit juice and went to bed .
willy returned to the living room and retrieved some of the fruit that he d bought earlier .
he sliced up an apple and mango into a bowl and took one of the bottles of fruit juice from the small refrigerator at the bar .
willys stomach was doing somersaults and the fruit was definitely going to be coming back up soon .
it was if i had just savored my first piece of fruit and craved more .
the breakfast table was covered with all kinds of fruit , bagels , sweet rolls and juice .
i took a stoneware plate and filled it with fruit and sat down at a small caf style table across from cruz .
genesis 22 - 24 verily , verily , i say unto you , except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die , it abideth alone : but if it die , it bringeth forth much fruit .
chapter 2 in the beginning ... a testimonial i , catalin of the city of god and counselor of many caretakers of earth 's spiritual realm , was walking amongst the trees of the garden when god evicted adam and eve for eating fruit from the tree of knowledge .
he realized that they could no longer be trusted and had taken positive measures to keep them from eating fruit from the tree of life , which would have made them immortal .
cheiron , presumptuous and self - aggrandizing , had committed the same transgression as had adam and eve , but instead of just tasting fruit from the tree of knowledge , cheiron had in fact gorged himself on it .
he 'd also eaten fruit from the tree of life and had in fact become immortal .
she sat amongst the tomatoes , the ball - sized green fruit knocking against her skull , not caring that the moist earth soiled her bottom , and looked out at the mountains in the direction of the vampire cavern.she felt a pull toward it , and worried that she could easily fall under the influence of alu kard .
` ` it did n't bear fruit last fall , '' said jaklin .
that sapling sprung from the fruit of the tree of life .
guard well the fruit of that tree .
send the divine being who fed me the fruit from the tree of life .
growing near the gazebo were two trees , both bearing fruit .
supplies were not exactly a problem for someone who could reap a bountiful harvest of fruits and vegetables inside the castles walls on every dining occasion .
hello , esmeralda , i ve brought you a basket of fruits and vegetables .
almost everywhere they looked grains were grown , vegetable fields tended and fruit - trees pruned .
while the knowledge of the archers fame was intellectually comprehended the truth was the prisoner had a few reservations about walking across a field as the contestant took aim from a hundred meters away to remove the fruit .
they felt kindred toward the other half , the ones who were generally eaten , so they abstained from meat and thrived on fruits and grain .
did you see a bear leading three piglets across the path while a troop of elfin with baskets full of fruits and grains followed ?
they were experts in every form of plant , fruit , vegetable , grain , weed and seed .
and survivors of butchered stygian ships named blit with curses , and a white warrior with fierce blue eyes ; so the stygian princes remembered this man long and long , and their memory was a bitter tree which bore crimson fruit in the years to come .
her family had the better snacks , while at my house you d open up the refrigerator , only to find fruit and healthy stuff , like cottage cheese or carrots .
the masses were pushing and shoving at the front of this particular kiosk that sold breads , fruits and other delightful foods , looking for the best and freshest of the bunch .
it was a very thin blade , like that used to skin a piece of fruit , and was small and very lightweight .
most winters for the barbarians were filled with the eating of berries , grains and fruits stored from a long , bountiful harvest .
it was , the traditions say , a land wonderful for its fertility , filled with all things that the heart could desire , splendid with flowers and rich with luscious fruits .
my pleasure and you might be interested in the farmers market a couple miles up the highway if you are looking for some fresh fruit .
we canned or froze the fruit and vegetables for winter .
she also bought a box of doughnuts , juice and fresh fruit from the grocery area .
we live on vegetables , fruits , and flowers , and most importantly , mitchy reached for her glass , pure water .
it was a fruit plate as ken had expected .
he was chewing on a handful of dried fruit whilst his horse lapped at the water in a small pool .
her deft hands sought out berries and with delight she found some sourberry , one of the few plants to bear fruit this early in the year .
well , apart from that mad old fruit in feldoni jem was shaking his head at hunor and orla was glaring .
yet now i see you clinging to life , your wound turning like the last fruit of autumn .
where they had been walking was beautiful lush green grass and splendid trees , many of them bearing edible fruits .
after spending the early part of the morning shopping , paddy and seamus returned to the hut and prepared the first fresh meal they 'd had in days that did n't involve picked fruit .
so it d be fun for them to evolve themselves and like put on the fruit of god .
this war is all about gawndihowls , because we ca nt go to heaven without the fruit of the lord - angelic organs .
you got ta have gods fruit for my approvalwell , go on ; show me what ya got to offer !
his window was popping and sparking , it read : you have been unplugged , and since your organs are not the fruit of the living god , you have been signed over to the sinister gawnden ...
she asks the manager to deliver a cart of fruit to the prison .
citrus fruit is in season in the south .
no one objects as she walks beside her cart of fruit as it is pushed into the prison courtyard .
everyone is so interested by the fresh fruit that no one seems to notice myrel has entered the prison from the outside .
she points to grenab , who stands by a cart loaded with crates of fresh fruit .
i need to deliver the fruit directly to the head cook .
he is the only one i trust to fairly distribute the fruit to the prisoners .
the second priest had returned , followed by two youths , also yellow - skinned , wearing loin clothes , who carried trays loaded with bread , fruit and jugs of milk .
the meal they were served was similar to that of the previous evening : bread , milk and fruit .
the warriors of the ka ate sparingly , harmesh punctuating a ceaseless stream of words with hastily bitten pieces of fruit and klimbah chewing steadily on tiny morsels as he nodded and grunted monosyllables by way of reply .
she gave him a wooden platter piled with white bread , fish and fruit .
they will pick at stale bread and dried fruit and believe that they are wise , and rise from their meal filled with a curious complacence .
i can tell you that once upon a time there lived a great people in this region , when it was covered by thick vegetation and all the fruits of the world grew in natural abundance , who offered up a prodigality of gladness and happiness each day .
and though she loved this music and was grateful to the leaves and the wind for combining to provide it , her greatest love was the fruit itself .
she had not yet seen him , she was busy making preparations for the picking of the fruit , arranging the straw in anticipation , and the first she knew of his presence was when she heard his shout of glee .
autumn came on and the fruit ripened .
she lived in dread of his coming and watched her fruit ripen with a kind of fascination , the anticipation of old strong in her out of habit , but mingled now with a contrary foreboding that the anticipation would again be frustrated .
sure enough , on a day in autumn , just when she had decided to take a chance and pick the fruit a little earlier than usual , the giant appeared and ate the lot .
asta tried to pick the fruit earlier and earlier in the season , though it had not ripened fully and it went against her nature to do it , but each time the giant came out of the sea and foiled her .
sure enough , on the day that asta put on her apron to pick the fruit , the giant came out of the sea and marched up towards the orchard , his black eyes set on the trees and nothing else .
` every tree which does not bear good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire - matthew 3 .
she thought how she had to produce good fruit , and she thought that she needed to inspire these little kids to produce good fruit .
she thought how she had to produce good fruit , and she thought that she needed to inspire these little kids to produce good fruit .
aside from the fire of the afterlife , their mission would certainly be imperiled if they did n't produce good fruit in pursuing this mission .
` every tree which does not bear good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire ' .
yes , martha thought it might be best if she make a speech , just so everyone knew what they were up against , just so everyone knew they would have to be at their best and producing their best fruit .
food was plentiful here , and fertile plots had been sown with seed to create lavish gardens and orchards for fruits .
we should worship lord shiva so that we are freed from our worldly attachments just like a fruit falls from a tree after ripening .
one thing macconnach did enjoy about this part of the world , as he had with cairo , was the ever - abundant presence of fresh fruit .
it was strange to realize that no one of his acquaintance back home would have any idea what any of those fruits were .
in eden every fruit this planet knew , and every flower , in profusion grew .
we gorged on fruits , fresh - ripened every day for our convenience , in profuse array .
among the shady fronds we took our ease , or chased each other up and down the trees , or polished up our acrobatic stunts on boughs that bore a dozen fruits at once , dislodging pears on one anothers head and seeing mangoes ripen in their stead -- or any crop that met the moments needs .
his words had stirred a restless depth of ours that was n't touched by eden 's fruits and flowers .
before we chose to leave the place to roam we always lived on fruits and nuts .
we centaurs , not the biped men , have kept those fruits of ancient thought which bipeds swept aside , preferring ' modernistic ' schemes of metaphysics -- mere sophistic dreams !
he glanced about for danger , then began to check it out in search of berry bushes , mushrooms , roots , or any other vegetables and fruits that he could dry and store -- he 'd noticed there were scents of winter famine in the air .
david and the cyclops the tribe had not left eden 's ample fruits in search of hardships , but of absolutes .
they also felt they had a valid deed to ' every tree with fruit which yieldeth seed . '
he placed a tree with appetizing fruit conspicuously in the humans ' path and warned that tasting it would stir his wrath .
the activist ( or , self - appointed collective conscience ) one day as wynnet was walking to the fruit and vegetable warehouse to pick up his weekly staples he tripped over a hole in the road which had nt been there for fifty years .
and so , having stood at his front doorway looking out over the grayish cottages of novosibirsk , he decided to paint his doorframe in a rich royal themesomething with fleurs de lis , perfectly round roses , diamonds , stars , suns , fruit trees , walnuts , and stripes ; making generous use of unconditional reds , pure purples , silver , gold , royal blue , and tangerine .
the only things back there are some fruit trees from the house that stood here before .
ethen mumbled something through a mouthful of fruit , juice trickling down his chin and splattering onto the floor .
the coach joined the traffic on that road , passing by the little grocer where fortino went twice a week to purchase fruits and vegetables , and other local shops that amira had come to know .
bertram brought in plates of fruit and cheese while they went over the trade contracts .
uneaten cheese and fruit sat on a shiny silver platter on one of the end tables .
in the night , dardan sent liam to fetch supplies from the kitchen : beans , dried fruit , salt beef , hardtack .
the maids carried trays of bread , cheese , berries and fruit , and a jug of wine .
barkers shouted their wares : iron goods , glass goods , sweet fruits , bread and pastries , eggs and milk , chickens and pigs for sale .
a platter of wine , soft bread , cheese , and fruit was brought out for them .
pine trees were raised at every large intersection , decorated with the traditional strings of beads and dried beans and fruits .
a fruit juicy and bloody red on the inside .
the browns and yellows of my crackers and chips mixed with the rainbow of my fruit loops .
there were a number of large oaks in the front and side yards , and what looked like fruit or nut trees were planted in the back in organized rows .
there is a large park , and i mean large , over here to the side , then the rest of the land is filled with gardens , fruit and nut trees and bushes .
jacob had served up a steaming pot of herbal tea and some thick slices of fruit cake .
quickly he made his way through the crowd to find the first seller of fruit and there he stood examining what was offered .
` ` are you interested in some fruit ?
having been examining the fruits closely he did not hear anyone approach and , when he looked up , it was into the pleasant face of a girl about his own age .
he reached for the fruit and placed it carefully down into his bag .
these were filled with different foods including dried fish and vegetables as well as an assortment of dried fruit and nuts .
wagons loaded with barrels of olives and dates , nuts and fruits arrived daily from reuben in the south to naphtali in the farthest north .
vases of fruit sat invitingly on several of the broad tables .
slowly he lifted the spear in his hand , and thrust it with all his might into a large table filled with bowls of fruit and melon causing much of it to plunge to the ground , making a large crashing noise .
* * * * * * * * * * kezmin was humming a pleasant tune ever so lightly as she set up the fruit in her uncle 's market stand .
then , as if to break the awkwardness of the moment , the man turned and looked around at all the fruit and vegetables .
` ` well , '' jair spoke up robustly , ` ` i should like to purchase some of your fruits and grain to replenish my supplies , for my journey to edom . ''
plants pruned to flawless perfection , as well as small gardens of lavishly groomed flowers , several fruit bearing trees , and lush hangs of grapes , stone vases and small pools of crystal clear water , all surrounded him in its quaint loveliness .
there were several large and colorful clay bowls filled with figs and grapes and other desirable fruits sitting to one side .
around it were three different types of bread , some salads , and a bowl of fruit to top it all off .
ans father and an himself did not wait long to fill their plates with delicious food , salads and fruits .
there was fish , pork , ox and chicken , complimented with different salads and fruits .
an put an apple between his teeth , he bit , and the sweet juice of the fruit graced his throat as it ran down .
newly baked baguettes , with a diverse selection of hams , fruits and salads to put on top .
she turned from them awkwardly , her hands trembling , and pretended to examine a display of fruit , picking up and sniffing an orange .
feeling confused and a bit apprehensive , he ordered his usual turkey sandwich and a fruit to go .
paris ducked behind a newsstand when she stopped to peruse a fruit vendors goods .
bless you , paris heard the man say as he graciously took the fruit .
they then brushed his hair and brought him a basket of fresh fruit and a jug of water for the night , which they set upon one of the small tables beside his canopied bed .
a clear wine was poured that was rather sweet , as they sat on the blanket around platters of dainty sandwiches , fruit and vegetables .
the woman at the door was so faded that carey could easily see right through her , seeing a man just behind her unloading fresh bread , fruit and other essential food from a small cart .
these were the trees that bore fruit in season , that gave shade in heat , that sheltered nests in springtime ; trees that acted in the ways that normal trees should .
and a neighboring tree might hold a rich red fruit that was neither apple nor cherry but something else altogether , a flavor which none knew because none had ever tasted it .
indeed , no human hand picked the fruit of the wood , however beguiling its look , and no axe ever felled a sapling , no matter how slim and tempting .
that was why the wood was left untouched , even in the coldest of winters when there was nothing left to burn to keep warm , and why the fruit from the trees was not eaten even in the longest of droughts when the ribs showed on the cows , and why the depth of the wood was unknown , when the whole of the rest of the land had been traveled and cleared and mapped , its cities meticulously planned , its villages judiciously spaced , its crops thoughtfully chosen .
to step into its trees , to take of its fruit , to break its limbs , was to be devoured by those creatures in a swift and bloody retribution .
she took to following him whenever he took the path to the village , a disturbing black - eyed sprite , half - hidden by white flowers and red fruits and dark branches .
she plucked a ripe red fruit from the tree and offered it to him .
the priest was reminded of certain tales about strange trees and their fruit , and he did nt reach out to take it .
and do you think the fruit from that tree is safe for a human ?
the faerie girl seemed to consider this as she bit into the fruit herself and a red liquid gushed down her chin .
the fruit smelled delicious , but he had thought as much .
on the branch hung a deep red fruit , which the golden leaves lit to a crimson brilliance .
father jared stared at the fruit , and then slowly reached out , and plucked one .
everyone knows that faerie fruit is cursed , thought the priest .
the priest raised the fruit to his nose , and sniffed .
the inside of the fruit was seedless and ripe , and it was the most amazing thing he d ever tasted .
did you eat from the fruit of the wood ?
he thought of the dark red fruit , and the euphoria that had come over him .
surely she must be famished , with only the fruit of the wood to live upon .
the skin was blistered and the nails were broken , but in each palm she held a dark red fruit .
when he had bit into the fruit , and then swallowed both of them , he felt his courage return to him .
when they were both tired , they ate dark red fruit that dripped bright red juice down their chins .
she had never heard lady erin laugh , nor had she , a human , ever eaten from the fruit of the trees .
she pulled a piece of fruit from her dress pocket , as though it was a perfectly normal thing to store it in there .
the king took the piece of fruit , which was a deep dark red , and just looked at it .
eat this , the king murmured absently , bringing the fruit to his lips .
amandie brought in a silver tray full of snacks , light fare such as fruits and cheeses , cut daintily into pieces .
the ladies eyes immediately fell on the tray , exclaiming how famished they were , and how lovely the fruit looked , but uncle wicks attention fell on her .
there were orchards where shed harvested fruit , tasteless and dry as it was , and mushrooms she had eaten , which held a fuller and earthier flavor , discovered by the side of a jumping brook .
to his short legs it had seemed like forever , and the dark trees were something out of a nightmaretowering over him with their spooky green leaves and white blossoms and glowing red fruit .
they d all been waiting patiently in the square for nearly an hour as various parts of the procession went by : gypsy dancers , childrens choirs , carts of early fruits and vegetables that were handed out to needy people in the crowd , and finally the queens hollow orchestra , which had just favored them with a selection of popular tunes as they marched by .
farmers came in to complain that tall dark shade trees had sprouted up in their fields and lords came also to lament that their orchards were being invaded by wild fruit trees with snowy white blossoms .
and have something to eat yourself , she said , waving an indolent hand at a bowl of fruit on a nearby stand .
amandie obediently went over and picked out a dark , red fruit and sat down next to the queen .
it was true ; she had never felt so happy , although she was nt quite certain that the dark red fruit she had just eaten was nt a part of that .
but she could hardly be a ladys maid to someone she could nt even touch , so she had been eating the fruit regularly , ever since king jared had brought lady erin back to the palace to be his bride .
she took another piece of fruit and tried to eat it more neatly this time , but the juice still managed to drip down onto her dress .
and some say that not all the faeries in the wood were always faeries , but that certain of them were once humans , who ate of the fruit of the trees and told the woods their names , and lost their humanity , in doing so .
they eat the trees red fruit and make crowns of its snowy white blossoms .
a basket of fresh picked fruit and aged wine sit waiting in the brown wicker basket beside her .
emilia gave thaddeus a ripe plum from the basket of fruit ; he took it and ate .
they consumed several more pieces of the delicious fruit and finished off the bottle of wine .
for my first job i was asked to steal a single apple from a nearby fruit stand , without being caught .
as i approached the fruit stand i fell into it , sending produce rolling down the street .
rotten fruit pelted rasmere as he left the stage .
arm in arm , they moved out of the throne room and down a small corridor to a pair of gilded double doors , which opened to reveal sunlight on a large garden filled with fruits and flowers .
she squealed at first but not for long ; he passed her false defense ; she did nt know he lacked in skill , and he did not confess ; he plucked her flower from the vine with too much eagerness , and she let out a horrid scream that woke her governess ; he fled before he got the sword and left her in a mess ; she lost her maiden - head that night and gained a babys dress ; the flower grew to bear some fruit , much to her distress , and so she fled into the hills around keep inverness .
maybe some bread or fruit ?
both its sun - speckled shade and the cool grass beneath were a welcome respite after the stifling kitchen , and i was glad to relax against the trees rough , brittle bark and begin my breakfast of buttery , toasted bread and fresh fruit .
* * * in the courtyard , a servant scurried up to offer a simple breakfast of brown bread , fruit , and milk .
she grabbed some juicy fruit and went back to the counter .
i noticed the trees planted around the area were full of fruit .
my sister and i love to make orange juice from the fruits .
it reminded me of the fruit snacks i used to own , every time i bit into one , sweet juice squished out .
i taught her how to rush the fruits and split them in half , or in other ways .
there was some sort of meat and some vegetables , or fruits , but i was nt really sure .
so , i said , as regent returned with an assortment of other veggies , fruits and nuts , or at least i guessed that s what they were , what happened after i bowled over malfius ?
aleesha handed me my hydration pack , stuffed with some fruits , nuts and some delicious looking bread that was wrapped up in some cloth .
i ate some of the bread and a bit of the nuts and fruit , as well .
strawberries are one of my favorite fruits , i explained , suddenly missing home greatly , and wishing i had some real strawberries to eat .
that s your favorite fruit ?
there were four mugs on the table along with some bread and fruit .
we sat in silence for a bit , sipping our water and eating the bread and fruit that was in front of us .
oh , if you use a piece of fruit , an apple in our world , and stick some wires from it , then attach the wires to what you want to power up with electricity , it ll start up .
you have a fruit that looks like an apple , i added as i looked at aleesha .
gerol came back upstairs with a piece of fruit .
gerol picked up the fruit , took a small bight , then stuck an end of each wire into it .
there s fruit , bread and tea already at the table in the kitchen .
she was finishing up her breakfast when i sat down to a plate that had bread and fruit on it .
i ca nt get either to power up , as you called it , with the fruits , gerol began .
it appeared to be some sort of fruit bread .
there are some bandages , a stone for sharpening our swords , two quivers of arrows , plenty of tava bread - oh , that s the bread that helps keep us nice and full- dried fruit for all of us and some dried meat for cerena and i .
i put the shirt and bandages rolled up on the left , the tava bread , wrapped up in its cloth , on the right , and the dried fruit in the middle .
there were a couple plates with bread and fresh fruit on the table as well as two more mugs and two more bowls of soup .
cerena was placing the other bowl on a tray that had two mugs , two bowls , and a plate of bread and fruit .
we sat and ate our tava bread and fruit in silence .
he asked , offering us each one of the juicy apple like fruit .
there was already a plate of fruits , vegetables and nuts along with a mug of water there for me .
it seemed like the fruits and vegetables were picked fresh this morning .
i ve got some fresh baked bread and fruit in my favorite spot already , as well as some tea brewing in my lab .
i brought it to my lips and took a long whiff if the fruit scented tea .
here , davis , he said handing me some wrapped up bread as well as some fruit and nuts .
chapter one and lolth said : the seed without garden never bears fruit it is in woman all things divine are found the dark texts dwarves preferred great vaulted arched ceilings with large ornately carved columns and grand open spaces underground .
the seeds had been planted ; it was now time to see what fruits they bore .
yes , all the seeds were planted ; it was now time to see what fruits they bore .
cadfeal found a sack with some strange fruit in it by a crate , outside one of the tents .
but before she might prevail and keep her sanity , she could eat poison fruit , be tortured and eaten by ogres , or maybe even bring to life some horror from her own imagination .
next was the swarm of flitters ; luckily , the tiny humanoid vermin only did minor damage to his fruit trees before he burnt them out .
a shiny mahogany coffee table sat between them , holding a bowl of strange fruit and an archaic , golden music box .
both cadell and saraid waved off the servant who offered fruit from a wooden bowl .
slightly cocking her head to one side , enochia answered , ` ` he should not be trusted to gather fruit , let alone any see to any matter of grave import . ''
at this time of morning , most customers coming to market were there to buy their fresh fruit and vegetables , or to visit the butcher with their meat order for the week , so she was not surprised when her display received no more than a few cursory glances .
sometimes , as she searched the bushes for their fruit , keira would feel a shadow pass over her and she would smile , knowing that if she looked up she would see a dragon circling high above her .
her mind was lost in thought as she bent over the bushes , her basket resting on the ground as she filled her hands with the swollen fruit .
orchards had suffered equally ; the fruit small and tasteless , trees naked of leaves , far too early for the time of year .
as the carriage returned to eldor castle , elzik noticed how the former luster of the flowers and fruit trees appeared lack luster ; almost lifeless as if their energy had been sucked out of them .
when the birds in the trees suddenly grew quiet , shinji dropped the fresh fruit he was eating and disappeared into the shrubbery .
he found fruit growing wild when they entered the jungle and picked some as he tied the horse where it could easily be reached .
the elves cultivated no crops the tree sustained them with the fruit it bore , the melina berry .
their main diet consisted of its fruit , the malina berry .
anon would have loved to possess a sample of the berry , but the fruit was all poison now .
but they were considerate and helped me get fruits , vegetables and nuts from time to time .
i felt so much relief as for the first time in weeks i ate something other than meat or wild fruits .
she said , staring at the strange fruit like it was about to sprout legs and leap from her palm .
it was the most delicious , and vibrantly red fleshed , fruit she had ever tasted .
clutching the ghostly fruit , she followed capella and mira to the cottage as another giant belch rattled the windows from within .
shawna had finally asked about its strange nature : its dark brown bark pulsating with patterns of blue light , blue - veined black leaves , and most of all its shimmering white fruit called pomum .
that they are connected to the stars , and if one tastes the fruit on a certain moonless night , you will open the universe itself .
baked plum pies , meat pies , nut pies , fire - roasted vegetables , cured meats , huge hunks of pungent cheese , and honey - soaked fruits were laid out before them when they walked under the huge carved doors into the hall .
she looked over the open parks and the trees heavy with fruit .
the air was sweet with beautiful , natural smellsperfumes of bark and leaf and fruit .
the food is plenty still and people have picked some on the way from apple trees and other fruit bearing vegetation so we do not have to fear for food supplies at least not for the near future .
if things are to go wrong , they are likely to explode , not assume the shape of fruit , brick pointed out matter - of - factly .
we are not an easy fruit to pluck .
even if they did there would be fruit and berries in the high woods , and game to hunt besides .
street vendors had appeared around the crown , pushing barrows from which they sold figs and glazed fruit , olives and raisins and herb bread .
the prince began to pick at some fruit on his desk .
stepping outside , she breathed in deep and allowed the smells of the city to entice her : mead , blood , meat , fruits , spices , perfume .
it ll speed up healing , anya explained , sipping at her fruit tea with a straight face .
fyn grabbed a star fruit and strode to the door , chuckling .
keri returned and placed a tray of fresh fruits , a bowl of cream , and cool tea on the low table by her mistress .
the goddess moved closer , her fruit and honey scent tickling his nostrils .
he walked to a side table upon which stood a bowl of fruits .
taking up the fruit knife , he sliced his thumb .
the dream faded , and another scene unfolded : they sat laughing at the table whilst the smell of pastry and fruit wafted through the house .
holding up an apple , he bit into the fruit slowly , juices dribbling down his chin .
maran sang of the beauty of growth , of trees covered with flowers and fruit , and of forgiveness and peace , beautiful peace .
only she was after blood , not fruit .
the servants brought in some fresh fruit and chicken and put it on the small table near their chairs .
marmel smiled because the usual always meant hard - boiled eggs , fresh bread and some mysterious fruit .
fredrick loved fruit and was a keen gardener .
well pick up the fruit on the way , fredrick noted .
he reached carefully into the brush , pulled out a colourful fruit and quickly put it in his bag .
to marmels delight , beside the brown hardboiled eggs and dark loaf of bread , was a mantos fruit .
the fruit was ripe and could hardly move .
the mantos fruit was struggling to waddle toward the exit .
he smiled as he picked it up , peeling the mantos to reveal a bright orange fruit .
if you do nt take their fruit , they get too heavy to move .
the fruit is also great for healing when you can find it .
those kids being the fruits and vegetables these days , fredrick went on with mock disappointment , i just do nt believe it .
the folds of the sacks fell to reveal an abundance of freshly baked bread , pears , apples and bags of dried fruit and nuts .
he also included some dried fruit and meat in case the fish were nt biting .
every year they traded for dried fruit , cloth and most importantly , obsidian .
hunched under a variety of wide brimmed hats , they hand - pulled carts filled with vegetables , fruits , tapestries and decorative art to trade at the festival .
through the clamour of trade , carts around her were filled with fresh chocolate baked sweets , breads and fruits .
marmel paused for a moment and said , a fruit bird .
pausing again , marmel replied , a fruit tree .
i think i d rather have a fruit tree .
she reached into her tent and grabbed the loaf of bread , hardboiled egg and the cut - open fruit , and put them in a satchel that was pushed into the corner .
you re a fruit tree you know , marmel said standing up .
marmel remembered the waddling orange fruit .
i need you to find a ripe mantos fruit and bring it to me , avel continued .
mantos fruit move very quickly until they are over - ripened .
the best place to find the fruit is past the northern bog , avel said as he placed cai back on marmels shoulder .
i will need the fruit to heal your rund so it can fly again .
avel reached over to a nearby bush and plucked a handful of small black fruit .
lets go find that fruit to fix your bird so ash will be in a little less trouble .
so where are these mantos fruits ?
avel said the fruit would be past the bog and i do nt see a way around it from here .
he then took out the handful of fruit that avel had given him and put one behind his neck .
she peeked her head out with a chirp to quickly grab and swallowed the small fruit .
after giving a few more pieces of fruit to cai , marmel divided up the food for him and oreole .
having eaten the fruit , egg , bread and given their birds their fill of the small black berries , they both sat and listened to the sounds of the bog .
waddling out onto the path were three small but very over - ripened mantos fruits .
these were the fruits avel had sent them for .
the fruits to heal cai .
with the fruit bobbing in his hand , marmel remembered how it had healed his shoulder that morning with fredrick .
leaning back on the rock , he plucked a piece of orange fruit from behind its leaves .
at night the fruit was translucent .
as he watched the other two mantos fruits waddle around and past the boulder , he reached for his bag .
after placing the one fruit inside , he followed the other two and then bent low to pick them up and put them in the bag as well .
the mantos fruits were still settled happily and he grabbed two more pieces of the glowing orange fruit .
the mantos fruits were still settled happily and he grabbed two more pieces of the glowing orange fruit .
marmel crept across the floor , picked up his damp satchel of fruit and put it over his shoulder .
i see you ve managed to find some manos fruit .
the bog , avel continued , is probably the worst place to find the mantos fruit .
there were mountains and valleys with meadows , flowers , and fruit tress everywhere i could see .
chapter 8 - the fruit at this point it is good to know a little about the teachings of the scurrilous sages .
but instead of answering , mada coughed into his hands a chunk of fruit .
eventually his hands were full of pieces of fruit .
mada noticed that they were of the same fruit and he fitted them together .
` ` there is only half a fruit here , '' he said .
` ` perhaps you only ate half a fruit , '' said eve .
mada looked at the fruit in his hand and then to eve .
` ` here , take this half of the fruit , '' he said .
eve took the fruit , and as she did she started to choke .
into her hand she coughed up the rest of the fruit and she fitted the pieces together .
when the fruit was whole , she walked over to the tree and pushed the fruit up into the branches .
when the fruit was whole , she walked over to the tree and pushed the fruit up into the branches .
and yea the vine and the grain did bear fruit and they were merry and rotund . ''
some had small orange fruits , the size of my eye .
a fruit fell from the tree above me and fell onto my lap .
suddenly , the fruit was back in my lap .
she carried a tray packed full of fruits , bread and water .
now me , i was screaming at you not to go anywhere near her because i knew she was a bloody fruit loop .
maurice had prepared a long table , adorned with a variety of foodstuffs , including fresh bread , fruit , a mixture of pastries and some cold meats .
i passed the bowl of fresh strawberries , knowing she loved the fruit .
our hosts shared with us an abundance of fresh fruit , vegetables and dried meats with crusty bread .
when rene returned to see how i fared , we had an enjoyable lunch of fresh fruit and vegetables .
i declined to meet her gaze and reached for some more fruit in silence .
a garden easily as vast , with its own lakes ; in place of fruits and trees stood obsidian , sculpted expertlyhis own work , he murmured in my earbut they did not move , did not grow .
the flowers and fruits were so prone to bursting into flames that his servants did not dare approach them , for their garments caught easily and my husband disdained slovenliness .
they were standing underneath a tree whose trunk was silver , whose fruits were golden hands fringed with black petals at the wrists.changeturned rigid , at first , whenhouyikissed her .
adventurous entrepreneurs extend the reach of their commerce through kunluns roads , peddling liquor and glutinous rice , dried fruits and hundred - year eggs .
the food was more than food , and the sweets more than a magic of fruit and flour .
she s tried to tempt them with cakes , fruits , wine , dumplings .
she peels away the swans and lions and tigers , the foliage and shrubs not quite real , the leaves and fruits that taste of honey and ice .
it becomes very warm and , off the corner of her eye , she sees sun - struck seas , she sees fruits and treetops , a sunlit day .
there is water and some fruits inside the room itself .
there was a loaf of bread and a jar of peanut butter , along with a bag of baby carrots and some pouches of fruit juice .
i ve packed some sandwiches in julians backpack for him , and some fruit .
and bring meal thirty two to my office , with a glass of fruit juice .
and he s got sandwiches and fruit in his backpack .
fruit and vegetables , paul said , and dreamer laughed again .
i nearly dropped my glass of fruit juice , eric looking up too as i spluttered well , jeans got to go to work , so she should really- matthew , i do nt work on a saturday , jean answered smoothly , smiling at sharon .
pineapple bushes lined the driveway with several growing fruit .
the olive tree that in former years had shaded the well and provided dark , delicious fruit for their table now held only one leafy branch , the rest spindly and dried .
in the midst of the tiny bouquet they formed lay the new growth of a small brown fruit .
for long before it became feerien , the sphere of toil , the world of the six moons was a world of great fertility , prosperity and beauty : great peaceful seas of bright blue and sprawling forests in a thousand shades of green , purple mountains , golden fields and silver rushing falls and lakes , the lot of them a splendour to behold , and , scattered among them in a seemingly inexhaustible abundancy , fruits of the earth and beasts whose flesh brought bliss to the palate .
it led them into a clearing surrounded by bushes , whose spiky leaves were sprinkled with small round fruits of a colour so dark it might as well be uncolour , and glancing at them with its glowing , friendly eyes , the creature stretched its neck and started to pick off the fruit with a swiftness and determination suggesting great enjoyment .
it led them into a clearing surrounded by bushes , whose spiky leaves were sprinkled with small round fruits of a colour so dark it might as well be uncolour , and glancing at them with its glowing , friendly eyes , the creature stretched its neck and started to pick off the fruit with a swiftness and determination suggesting great enjoyment .
gallan shouted , and darting towards her he managed to knock off the handful of fruit just in time .
this little fellow seems fine to me , she said , and kneeling she started to pick up the scattered fruits .
and despite its darkness , the fruit was not merely safe but delicious , sweet and sour and tangy and mouthwatering , so that soon both mates were on their knees , picking the bushes clean and consuming the round beads voraciously , by the handful , until their faces and gloves were smeared and dripping with uncolour juice which , just like hungry beasts , they sucked off with moans of delight .
urging his father to follow , he would lead him to brambles laden with fruit not merely edible but delicious , indicate trees in whose hollows they could rest while nibbling on the mushrooms that grew on their bark , and communicate with the animals they encountered in a way so immediate and wondrous it bordered on the magical .
and recalling the fruits they had consumed beyond the mists , and the dark - furred animals kindness , raddia first and then gallan took a few more steps , gazed at the black sky that was scattered with shiny specks called stars , and removing their gloves they touched the black rock and nothing happened to their substance .
( and then of course there had been that other most formidable absence : the dead mother , a woman yonfi painfully missed , for her own unimaginable love had been forged even in the way she gave him life not by immersing herself a river and waiting for her substance to bear fruit , but by carrying a tiny version of yonfi inside her very body , feeding him with her very flesh , and her own kind of life - giving milk .
and after wixelor had put his knowledge to the test , plucking the hard seeds , splitting them open and passing them around , and they had all feasted on their delicious white flesh and milk - like juice ( and asked for seconds and thirds which wixelor and yonfi were more than happy to provide the latter climbing on top of the biggest tree faster than a squirrel despite yodrens protests , and having a jolly good time throwing the furry fruits at them , oblivious to the fact that , unlike him , their bodies could still feel pain , and sustain injury ) they were in such excellent spirits it seemed as though , for once , the legendary quest they d undertaken might have some chance of success .
their presence thus given away , they had no choice but to proceed through the path that led between a clump of trees to a grove of shorter ones , growing on a reddish - brown soil and bearing dense , massive clusters of dark purple fruit .
raddia asked , but no one seemed to care , and when the wine sack reached her she could nt resist taking a hearty swig for it was the same as the wine she had first tasted in feerien , made from some fruit called grapes and infinitely better than the tame whiteberry stuff lurienites drank and whose effect on the drinkers mind was nothing compared to the fast elation this pungent red wine brought on .
and the next morning the villagers , braced for yet another day of starving , were confronted by a scene right out of their collective dreams : the olive tree , grown overnight to an amazing height and robustness , was laden with fruit and not just olives but dates as well , and almonds , peaches , apples , pears and coconuts ; and from the soil around the tree , bare as bone until the night before but now thick with bright green clover , shot the sprouts of beans and onions , garlics and turnips , carrot leaves and heads of dew - beaded lettuce .
in the days and weeks that followed the magic tree , its constantly budding flowers seized by the breeze and carried off across the dead fields , became the first in a spectacular orchard , while the fruit of the soil spread as quickly as the verdant carpet above them .
the two gifted fruit of one womb these shall come and lay waste to the tomb .
in their centre , however , the people had laid out with surprising speed , since the visitors journey had nt been a very long one everything needed for a proper feast : an great wooden table made up of smaller ones , with five high - backed chairs facing and surrounded by stools fashioned from stumps , and laden with loaves of bread , heads of cheese , bowls of fruit and vegetables and jugs filled with milk , wine and a hot drink made with honey , cinnamon and clove , whose smell hovered invitingly about .
but , more importantly , another day of being taught by his students , just as he was by their parents , the instinctive , practical wisdom of erat rin : the simplicity of the divine language if one merely immersed oneself in it through speech , without overthinking every minute change or potential double meaning , and the equally if not more astounding way one could sustain oneself with a little hard work and patience : knowing when , where and what to sow , how long to wait before reaping a harvest or plucking ripe , edible fruit from a tree , when to collect honey from a beehive and the uses of animals at various ages , as well as the proper way to kill , skin , pluck and bleed them without becoming too attached to the fact that they were living things .
after an hour or so herrdon returned with a cloak full of berries and wild fruits , almost as bright and vivid as the plants around them .
yet i am he who planted the seeds of that bitterness , and long have they been watered oer these ten years with the nourishment of anger , and so have they ripened as bitter fruit upon a tree of thorns , so grown to keep hands that may hurt from plucking them again .
blood shall rain upon the soil , and i shall cleave the heads from my foes as if they were frail fruits upon a training fence .
but he was forbidden fruit then ; far less now .
she tried to ignore it , and sat down to a breakfast of fruit .
here , have a peach , '' he offered me a bowl of fruit from the table next to him .
in his bag , fredrick had a thin blanket , his obsidian knife , snacks of dried meat and fruit and a couple packages of baking he snuck away from marmel and nova .
there was the small cloth bag with the dried fruit .
there were the sounds of small thuds as the odd piece of fruit fell from his hands .
around one stone house , nova saw many colourful trees with fruits and vegetables covering the ground .
among other things , the commander saw the people around him turning into fruits and vegetables .
how are we to fight so - kai wearing fruit ?
i had her guarding that fruit stand .
what is a little fruit bird doing down here ?
the mantos fruit , marmel thought .
only one mantos fruit left .
a mantos fruit , adol said in a whisper .
he grabbed for the fruit , but stopped before he pulled it out .
the fruit you have is luminescent .
he knew the fruit glowed for an instant when it was plucked from its leaves .
marmel pulled out the plump fruit and placed it on the ground .
he peeled back the leaves , plucked the fruit and then held it up as it shone in an orange colour .
there is enough of the fruit to heal us both .
the fruits light went out to leave him in complete darkness again .
marmel reached into his satchel and plucked two more pieces of the mantos fruit .
adol had only one arm free and reached down through the darkness and took the fruit .
in the darkness , marmel heard the fruit break as it was swallowed .
in a fumbled movement , marmel sensed himself reach and grab a chunk of the fruit to squeeze it over his broken arm .
marmel needed water to wash it off , or the fruit would start to cause him pain .
in the village he could see their stands of fruits , meats , fresh bread , chocolate and caramel deserts , fine cloths , sparkling metals and polished stones .
she had various items of bread , fruit and vegetables in her packs , which she shared out with some glee , though silus took the offer with suspicion , after seeing the others munching away with no ill effects , he also gingerly tasted her offerings .
the miller and his wife had been only too happy to refill the saddlebags of the party with bread , cured meat , fruit and other provisions , including oats for the horses .
could you also bring me some fruit , bread , a jug of water and a jug of wine with two cups please ?
the young girl poured the wine and water , then gathered a small bowl of fruit and a crust of bread .
he took his time , breaking bread up and eating it with the fruit .
vashni took a little fruit and bread and sat away from him on the bed , eating .
i just ... hmmm , mira vashni , i wish to collect some cured meat from my saddlebags , though the bread and fruit is good , i need something more substantial .
while you are my riine , you will not eat meat , poultry or fish , you will eat only fruit , vegetables , bread and dairy products .
korhan chewed for a few moments , wolfed down some more bread and fruit , then drained his cup of wine .
a roaring fire had been set , and fruits , meats and ales were already in place along the table .
plates were brought back and forth with fruit , bread , meats and vegetables on them .
at the feast , remember what i said , you are not to partake of any meats , only fruit , vegetables , bread and dairy , and you shall only drink one ale .
as he spoke he reached over to fill his plate with some bread , fruit , vegetables and cheese .
korhan returned in time , bearing a wooden tray with bread , butter , cheese and some fruit .
with that she was sitting by the fire unpacking some bread , fruit and other provisions .
as he finished his final repetition , she approached with a white cloth containing some bread , cheese and fruit .
it was nt until they had put out all of the food that erin realized it was all fruits and vegetables and cheeses , all variously cooked or raw , without a single piece of meat in sight .
but , sir he was interrupted by the sound of a cart pulling up in front of the inn , most it loaded down with crates of fruits and vegetables , although someone had left a space at the very back .
to stress less , eat some fruit .
a large apple tree grew in the north - eastern corner ; its unpicked fruit lay strewn on the ground in rotting heaps .
in the centre of the two rows of platters sat large glass bowls filled with what appeared to be punchbright citrus coloured liquids , bubbling furiously while sediments of fruit floated aboutsome of which were filtered through a labyrinth of glass tubes , like the glassware of a science lab .
then , as if out of nowhere , a piece of fruit landed into his hand .
everyone at the table cheered , and he began to eat the strange yellow fruit with an eager grin .
out of the bowl flew another yellow piece fruit .
will winked and tossed the purple fruit to jack , who gave it the once over before braving a bite .
` ` well , the only trees in heart are the fruit trees in the groves , and those planted upon the temple complex .
he had spent the last few days exploring the sandy beaches , searching for a bright purplish fruit he had discovered .
he had brought a few small game animals down with his bow , but there were n't many , and he had to supplement his diet with large juicy orange fruit .
he found one of the bright purplish fruits that tasted of heaven , spotting it high in a tree .
he plucked the fruit , savoring the taste as he continued on his journey .
lov found himself wishing he had n't found the fruits this morning .
` ` what a waste of dragon fruit . ''
there was what looked like a fruit bowl on it , but the main item in it looked like a cross between a pineapple and a cactus plant .
a young man holding a tray of glazed fruits bowed respectfully at mordalayn as the cat figure glanced towards him .
before him was a table , large and spread with fresh fruit , loaves of bread and a flagon of wine .
this tane so far looked fruitful ; nothing had ravaged anyones future harvest yet and the fruits and vegetables were growing well .
there were goods of all kinds on sale as always ; fruit and vegetables , craft stalls , clothes stalls , bakery and dairy , strange little trinkets and mock magical stalls .
wandering round the trinkets she finally stopped at the fruit and vegetable stall near the edge of the crowds .
with too much suspicion she lowered her head and glided by , holding her fruit package to her chest tightly .
the mataran gossip vine may hold some fruit on it yet .
it was full of barrels of vensa , boxes of yares and dried fruits and tea .
still , the cook had come up spectacularly , with hap grain mash sweetened with dried fruits and sweet kama bread .
a speciality juice made from several fruits in the torc mountain range locality .
kama bread bread made from nuts and dried fruit .
they worked the lands tirelessly , and were known to produce some of the most succulent and mouth - watering fruits and vegetables within the realm .
i have some fresh fruits and croissants .
she sighted another standing by the outdoor dining suite , which was covered in fruits and pastries of every kind imaginable .
joseph placed before her , a meal of fruit , and freshly baked scones .
the goats of these parts were well known for climbing the trees to eat the argan fruits .
but that pride fails and turns to ash and that strength reveals itself as empty in essence when i taste the bitter fruit .
these are words , not fruit .
i can not say , but i will shake this tree until the fruit falls .
two of my cousins were very good cooks and let me help them mash fruit for making into tarts ; since i got to help eat these , this was a task i became excellent at .
others had to give maize , or fruit , or fish , or woven cloth , they had to send sons and sometimes daughters to work for the village for part of each year .
sometimes on those days atlatla would take me to the trash - piles , and we would see a raccoon pawing through maize husks and squash rinds or an oppossum chewing on pumpkin seeds or a coati licking the rinds of discarded fruits .
this girl had sometimes given me delicious fruit tarts , and i was not pleased to see her taken away by her husband to live in his lineage compound .
maax , the spider monkey , saw those men walking along the river and threw rotten fruits on them .
she cooked our meals and made feather earrings and a feather necklace for the wise - woman herbalist , and often she brought me soft fruits to eat and warm maize froth to drink .
it was cabcoh , i thought , a kinkajou was eating a fruit , and i decided to go a little way and see her .
he had been given a place in my mothers family and had sought the path of a treeclimber , one of those who ascends fruit trees and brings back the sweetest and ripest fruits .
he had been given a place in my mothers family and had sought the path of a treeclimber , one of those who ascends fruit trees and brings back the sweetest and ripest fruits .
each village has its own orchards for fruit , but there are also wild fruits in the jungle , and many people desire their different taste .
each village has its own orchards for fruit , but there are also wild fruits in the jungle , and many people desire their different taste .
this is what we heard of my brother , that he was walking the path of the treeclimber and could go up even the highest trees to retrieve their plump fruits and nuts .
there is food in plenty , all kinds of fruits and nuts and meats are laid out on the tables .
they quarrel over meat and fruits , they quarrel over women , they quarrel over who builds their huts where .
indignant , she summons a moonbeam and rides it back to the garden of the gods , back to sun , who is eating a nance fruit or some such .
then he went and got some cactus fruit liquor and sat on his stump in front of our hut and drank the entire gourdful .
this time he sent no blades for my father ; instead there were the fat seeds of some mountain fruits , to plant in our lineage - courtyard .
they said my brother was no longer fighting with my mothers father and that always he was out gathering fruits or honey in the jungle .
so the boys decided to hunt , and to fish , and to climb trees and collect fruit like their fathers .
we want to climb trees and pick the sweet fruit at the top . ''
he had those boys gather sweet fruits and tasty clams .
that evening my lineage had a feast , there was stewed turtle and many sliced fruits from our orchards .
the seeds my brother had sent to my father years before had not sprouted in the valley soil , but cab coh lineage has its own fruit trees , and we ate very well .
the next day atlatla climbed all the different kinds of trees in our orchards and brought down many ripe fruits .
many fruits are wasted because they fall and are smashed , or they fall at night and are eaten by animals .
by climbing to check the fruits , my brother could ensure a richer harvest for our lineage .
when you are ready , i will take you into the jungle and show you some wild trees whose fruits are being wasted .
we will say i am showing you tree - climbing , and you are helping me gather fruit .
during those mornings of learning our lineage - song and collecting fruits i asked my brother many times about chacwitz .
my brother was picking fruits high above me , i barely heard him say , the women of power of chacwitz are crazed .
i thought maybe xinan the scorpion had stung him , many scorpions ran up and down the fruit trees he climbed .
the farmers of the valley traded their maize to the white stone farmers and received the plump fruits of the high places for their own tables .
fill your bags with fruit and delicious vegetables .
there were even fig tarts , from fruits my brother gathered .
his days were burned in our fathers milpa and in the jungle , gathering fruits , and in the evenings he learned woodcarving from our father and spoke often with our oldest uncle .
the day before the ceremony was a celebration in the village center , but it was feastless ; not one fruit was eaten nor even one tiny baked quail but only a few drops of mother 's milk for the littlest sprouts .
on the day 5 pax 9 manik , a day for planting seeds , i caught the fruits he dropped down and placed them in his carrying - basket .
he returned to fruit - picking , and i caught the fruits and put them into the basket .
he returned to fruit - picking , and i caught the fruits and put them into the basket .
my mother continued her own visits to the storytellers hut , bringing honey loaves and fruits and reminding us of holy day observations .
because it was dry season and i was not working in the storytellers milpa , i burned my days in the orchards of my lineage , gathering fruits for this event .
when the lineage fathers were finished speaking , howler monkey men brought out steaming meats and set them on the tables , and the women brought out fruits and drinks and treats .
there were tables heaped with roast deer and baked pheasant and snapping turtle tamales , there were platesof sweetsop and avacado and nance and passion fruits from the mountains .
howler monkey women served maize drinks and spiced maize drinks , there was cacao and vanilla , cacao and chilis , cacao and fruits , cacao alone .
for the men and women there was cactus fruit liquor and bark wine , for the children there were many sweet fruit juices .
for the men and women there was cactus fruit liquor and bark wine , for the children there were many sweet fruit juices .
here were large women to watch the treats , because children tried to take them all , and in truth there were so many kinds of fruit breads and honey breads , chocolate breads and puffy breads that i was nearly sickened on them all .
` ` i will come back tomorrow , and you can tell me about these fruits . ''
much sweet fruit came into our lineage - compound , each evening was received with a great mound of ripe tree - food and sometimes dripping honey - comb .
all through the year there is one fruit ripe , or another , always there is something that can be gathered for lineage or village , and so my brother did as i did and hid himself on his path .
from the bark of the fig tree they made the paper , and upon each sheet is a drawing of a lineage - tree , and its fruit are the written names of children and parents and ancestors .
it is the place of the scribes to present the names of the branches and the fruit to the god and show him how his seeds have grown .
the priest bolon saasil raises his old man 's voice and says : ` ` here we all are , then penitents and sacrificers we who grew from the fruit of the tree today we remember the planter the caretaker of blossoms the pruner of branches and sprouts today we pay our respects we pay our debts before the god , before his father '' he steps back where the people can not see him , and the ahau alone looks down .
ah - k'awil demands that the wicked birds be shot , so that the fruit of the tree of life will not be devoured .
this is what happens after the farmers return to their place in the plaza : there is weeping from inside the tree - fruit jars .
atlatla went into the jungle and brought back a basket of fruit at midday , and then he went out again .
four was the number of net - bags of passion fruits from chacwitz , four more were filled with plump fruits from xunich .
four was the number of net - bags of passion fruits from chacwitz , four more were filled with plump fruits from xunich .
kaakik and i helped harvest fruits from his lineages orchards and my own , there was much silent tongue - biting for me as we picked up fallen fruits and put them in baskets .
kaakik and i helped harvest fruits from his lineages orchards and my own , there was much silent tongue - biting for me as we picked up fallen fruits and put them in baskets .
there were sliced fruits , and honeyed fruits , shelled fruits and fruit - pulp tarts .
there were sliced fruits , and honeyed fruits , shelled fruits and fruit - pulp tarts .
there were sliced fruits , and honeyed fruits , shelled fruits and fruit - pulp tarts .
there were sliced fruits , and honeyed fruits , shelled fruits and fruit - pulp tarts .
twenty - four were the kinds of breads i counted , there were hard breads and soft , white and yellow and brown , plain and filled with spices and fruits .
` ` their fruit is powerful .
never have i smelled such wonderful fruit . ''
` ` may i take just two of these fruits ?
` ` you want to take a fruit ? ''
fresh fruits from the valley and the swamps and the mountains were stacked in bowls on every table .
now he saw the uniqueness of those fruits , and of the one who brought them .
in the rain the fields were sodden , our milpas were mere mud holes and our empty fruit trees dripped and waited for the return of father sun in his strength .
it was then that i reached into the fruit bowl my aunt had set out for us and brought forth a custard apple , a plump fruit , and i said , we have several custard apple trees in our orchards , these are late fruits but tasty , anyway .
it was then that i reached into the fruit bowl my aunt had set out for us and brought forth a custard apple , a plump fruit , and i said , we have several custard apple trees in our orchards , these are late fruits but tasty , anyway .
it was then that i reached into the fruit bowl my aunt had set out for us and brought forth a custard apple , a plump fruit , and i said , we have several custard apple trees in our orchards , these are late fruits but tasty , anyway .
there are small huts men make in the farthest milpas , and in one of these i found a store of dried fruit , and blankets , and a tiny hearth with some wood .
they enjoyed juicy tamales and frothing cacao and sweet fruits while they spoke of our ancestors and the wickedness of ah - puch .
in the forested valley called cahel pech there is good soil and many fruit trees but countless ticks ; the people are nearly sucked dry .
even the children destroy themselves with tainted fruits and honey bread .
food is simpler , there are many old milpas close to here , and many fruit trees in the jungle .
the trees stretch forth their arms , full of ripened , bountiful fruit , toward the bright sun which casts its light , forbidding forever the shadows and darkness entrance .
the small market , where people brought their vegetables and fruits , clothes and linens , handcrafts and such , was crowded with onlookers .
centered in the room were a row of two solid twelve - foot wooden tables covered in wild game and domestic meats , fresh and preserved vegetables and fruits , variety of breads , with bitter wines and strong drink to fill their rages .
i hurried to the kitchen and prepared a meal of sausages , potatoes and greens , nibbling at some fruits as i did so .
she enjoyed selecting the fruits and vegetables that looked appetizing to her , which she would then bring back to claude and instruct him to use them in the meal he was preparing for the evening .
everywhere he went , the scholar brought his library , hiding the volumes in crates with false bottoms designed to look like a simple merchants haul of fruits and vegetables .
his lips are so close and his breath sweet , like fruit .
calea grabbed a glass and a plate of cheese and fruit and headed to the corner of the roof , away from the crowd .
i stepped up to the coffee machine and poured myself a cup , sweetened it and turned to her , as she was helping herself to some fruit punch .
she picked up the shiny red and yellow mottled fruit .
11 : and god said , let the earth bring forth grasse , the herbe yielding seed , and the fruit tree , yielding fruit after his kinde , whose seed is in it selfe , vpon the earth : and it was so .
11 : and god said , let the earth bring forth grasse , the herbe yielding seed , and the fruit tree , yielding fruit after his kinde , whose seed is in it selfe , vpon the earth : and it was so .
12 : and the earth brought forth grasse , and herbe yielding seed after his kinde , and the tree yielding fruit , whose seed was in it selfe , after his kinde : and god saw that it was good .
his nearness made her heart heavy and full , like a ripe fruit weighing heavy on a delicate branch .
god forbade adam to eat the fruit from the tree of knowledge .
the snake enticed eve to eat the fruit .
as soon as adam and eve ate the fruit , they knew good and evil .
to keep them from eating the tree of life fruit ?
his wife was ripe as a fruit last i saw her .
the fruit had been a welcome treat with their meat and bread that evening .
one only needs gods good grace and then ones business just runs by itself , after the fruit season i will totally invest all my money in shoes and then leave it on god mercy .
i will come again soon , after the fruit season i will totally invest all my money in shoes .
he was much like a nomad , who had been wandering in an arid desert for eons and eons , and now when he had at last come across an oasis , rather than entering it and partaking of the sweet life giving waters and the delightful fruits that lay there in abundance , stood at a distance , rubbing his eyes in disbelief at the very presence of the oasis , debating its very existence and attributing the lovely image he saw of it to some form of a mirage .
the first fruits of fall were a little tart on calsifers tongue , but years of scant soldier food taught him to appreciate every bite .
cinibars wealth came the best fabric dyes , oils , wine , fine leathers , and tropical fruits ; however , she was best known for her production of strong blades .
dreams of red fruit and painful kisses haunted my dreams .
dalele is but the first fruits .
the door shut quickly , leaving behind a bowl of fruit , a pitcher of water and a loaf of bread .
he pointed at the pitcher of water and the bowl of fruit .
there were fruits of all shapes and colors , some whole , some diced , others pureed into drinks .
he reached into his cloak and brought out a bottle of amber liquid , a wooden board with some smoked fish on it , a lump of cheese , a bowl of fruit , and a lit candle .
any fresh fruits ?
samuel replaced his empty water glass with a full one while robert picked up a glass of sparkling fruit punch .
the good fruits that come from it are clear that way .
in the garden , there was one specific tree that had fruit on it that god commanded them not to eat of .
the fruit of this tree was called ' the forbidden fruit . '
the fruit of this tree was called ' the forbidden fruit . '
` ` so long as adam and eve continued to obey the commandment to avoid eating the forbidden fruit , they would not be able to progress through experiencing mortality and the lessons about opposition and the challenges that it brings .
but remember joy is the state of being god lives in , yet adam and eve would n't have a clue what joy felt like because they would n't have a clue what pain and sorrow feels like and going through mortality by eating of the forbidden fruit was the only way to learn and appreciate the difference between happiness and sorrow and joy versus pain .
` ` when satan , also known as lucifer or ' the devil ' , came along and tempted adam and eve to eat the forbidden fruit , this was actually all part of god 's plan to begin teaching them by experience the right way to use their freedom to choose .
remember , god allowed adam and eve to choose freely regarding whether or not they would choose to eat of the forbidden fruit .
` ` now since adam and eve chose to eat of the forbidden fruit , they got kicked out of the garden because they became mortal .
the first was to multiply by having children and the second one was to not eat the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil because it was considered forbidden fruit .
the first was to multiply by having children and the second one was to not eat the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil because it was considered forbidden fruit .
satan came and tempted adam and eve to rebel against god by getting them to eat of the forbidden fruit since satan wanted to destroy god 's children through the physical destruction of their bodies and also create spiritual death by eternally separating them from god .
since eve understood that the commandment to have children was more important to obey than avoiding the forbidden fruit , she felt there was no other way to reproduce and ultimately provide an opportunity for all humankind to obey that same law than to break the lesser law of eating the forbidden fruit .
since eve understood that the commandment to have children was more important to obey than avoiding the forbidden fruit , she felt there was no other way to reproduce and ultimately provide an opportunity for all humankind to obey that same law than to break the lesser law of eating the forbidden fruit .
so eve wisely ate the forbidden fruit and adam wisely followed her example .
after adam and eve ate the forbidden fruit they became mortal which brought about sin , as blood formed in their bodies and death became an inevitable part of mortal life .
if eve had not wisely chosen to eat the forbidden fruit and have adam do likewise , humankind could not have had the opportunity to obey the law to reproduce and progress towards an eventual exalted state in eternal life .
this is why both eve and adam should be honored for making the first sacrificial step of initiating the fall ( by condescending to leave the beautiful garden by taking that vital step into mortality through eating the forbidden fruit which gave all of us a chance to be born and choose to learn of and follow christ ) .
forbidden fruit a fruit found in the garden of eden on the tree of knowledge of good and evil .
forbidden fruit a fruit found in the garden of eden on the tree of knowledge of good and evil .
the fruit of this tree was considered by god to be forbidden of adam and eve to eat because the fruit was not suited to their nature and condition .
the fruit of this tree was considered by god to be forbidden of adam and eve to eat because the fruit was not suited to their nature and condition .
the bodies of adam and eve were perfect in form and life sustaining function and only an introduction of an element of lesser substance ( such as the forbidden fruit ) would alter that perfection to become imperfect and unable to perfectly sustain life and health indefinitely .
it was forbidden because consumption of such fruit would bring adam and eve to become subject to lower laws away from god 's presence ( spiritual death ) which involved the sad experience of two forms of death : physical and spiritual death .
he creates one apple tree but the apples from the tree each have multiple seeds in them to provide the benefits of literally an entire orchard of fruit trees .
there were a few bowls of sliced fruit and cheese and a fresh pitcher of cold water .
she said this as she offered to serve up some sliced fruit and cheese onto a plate for alex .
he then served up some cheese and fruit onto his own plate .
meredith said before she dipped a piece of her own fruit into a sweet dip she made earlier .
she then took a bite of fruit covered in dip .
he then used his napkin to wipe off some fruit juice from his hands before taking a long drink of water .
it has more of an emphasis on good carbs , high fiber , fresh fruits and vegetables , more protein and good healthy fats like olive oil and canola oil .
as the tree of brilliant white light grew larger and larger to full maturity , its branches and leaves bore fruit and grew and shined in an incredible glimmer of pure white light .
the beauty of this great tree became ever more breathtaking as a constant gentle breeze rustled through its brightly glowing leaves scattering shimmering white light in every direction inviting all who see it to eat of the sweet , pure white glowing fruit that hung off every branch .
many of the brightly shining fruits hanging were within reach .
as she eats of the fruit of the tree , her heart is filled to overflowing with a joy so great she 's never felt such before .
he then rejoiced in eating of the fruit of the tree and being able to join the woman at the tree .
food self - reliant : they have enough non - perishable food ( including baby food for their infants ) , vitamins and non - gmo fruit and vegetable seeds for gardening and/or farming set aside to last them at least a year to feed everyone in their family sufficiently well according to their individual health and dietary needs .
the low hanging clouds were thick and black like fruit swelled by a foul poison , making it difficult for sunlight to descend .
with spring upon us there will be plenty of game for them to hunt as well as bloom fruit to eat .
most of us died during the winter , but those of us who somehow still breathed began moving to more fertile areas , places where fruit was beginning to bloom and wild game came out of hibernation .
however with winter at its end there will be an opportunity to send out hunting parties to gather wild meat and fruit , every body will have to stay on strict rations for a while , but if we can manage to do that , the kingdom sha nt starve , captain oeger said .
we will have to stretch our man power even further if we are to gather enough fruit and wild meat .
of course to him it was like choosing the least putrid apples in a basket of very rotten fruit .
fiona had accidently knocked over a fruit bowl in the resulting argument .
that s no excuse for smashing my fruit bowl .
we come up to the ssurface for fissh and fressh fruit from the treess , duss continued .
it ll be light on the ssurface ssoon , duss said , handing chris some breakfast of fruit and fish .
but the nethral were also very generous , and all three travellers were provided with gifts of food , sweet treats and drinks derived from local fruits and vegetables , all of which tasted like nothing chris had ever tried before .
thesse dayss we only vissit the ssurface to collect the fissh and fruit we can not get underground , duss said .
from hotpots to fruit preserves , there was always something to eat , and it was always delicious .
i do n't think that you do , said anea carefully , try thinking of it in terms of fruit ; once you cut open an apple , you ca n't put it back together again .
his misshapen head cracked and crumpled like rotten fruit on contact with the heavy stone .
candies , fruits , berries , and papers scattered as she gathered her shawl and recast it , trying to reach the retreating grandee .
he stepped in quietly then hung his lamp from a hooked sconce to see numerous vessels of crockery that held half - eaten treats from dinner as well as other snacks of fruit , nuts , and raw seafood delicacies like the marklanders frequently preferred .
groth laughed as another dwarf entered briefly to drop off a small plate of fruits and dried meats .
they departed after a small meal of fresh fruits .
fresh cut steaks , vats of steamed vegetables pitched in from local gardens , and of course the signature tropical fruits to go with the absolute mounds of chocolate , raspberry , and cinnamon desserts , among much more .
forbidden fruit , and whatnot ? ''
an elevated platform in the center of the large living room , tucked under a large crystal chandelier , housed leather couches and an onyx coffee table , filled with champagne and overflowing trays of bread , cheese , chocolate bonbons and fruit .
she sighed and put some dried fruit and nuts carefully to one side while she reached into her pack to retrieve the dried meat she had .
the sun had passed its highest position in the late winter sky and so they munched on dried fruit and drank some water .
when she returned , she was carrying a bowl of late autumns fruit that she had dried for use in the winter .
it was still slightly warm , and the sweet warm syrup perfectly complemented the slight tartness of the mixed fruit .
have something to eat and drink first , elpin replied , leading him to the table and placing a plate of bread and a fruit preserve in front of him .
these were obviously taverns , as evinced by their signs and the smell of ale and sounds of revelry coming from them , and in various parts of the square were stalls selling chestnuts , savoury and sweet pastries , pies , toffee apples and other candied fruits as well as hot drinks .
they finished off the meal with fruit brought by the landlady , whose name turned out to be mabrella .
there was a steaming tureen of soup and fresh rolls , with pastries and fruit to complete the meal .
first came jugglers who came in juggling balls , but eventually were juggling anything that came to hand ; knives and forks , drinking goblets , fruit of various kinds or anything else left loose on the tables .
afterwards , the captain , who told her his name was horaic , offered fruit and cheese .
she went out to get some fruit for james .
draig dropped the little red fruit into his mouth and then bit into it .
skar raw milk , fermented in a barrel with honey , bacon and dried fruit .
the power , fruit of thy womb , is ancient , aniah .
she left the room , carrying the fruit of her love .
to destroy the future they have created , eat the fruit of their gonads .
i will squeeze you like a juicy fruit to draw the blood needed to give new life to my body .
mainly flowers , some jewellery , even fruit .
the green fields were vast with trees and fruits that they fed from on their way back to collect their reward .
herding farm animals and growing fruit trees .
wine and mead and thick cuts of meat ; sweet fruits .
as agreed with king benjamin , no pleasures of his kingdom are withheldhe offers succulent meats , sweet fruits , tangy and tasty plants ... the pleasures of his womenall , each and any , not restricted as to age , but as each man desires ... girls who appear as the king snaps his fingersflower girls , giggling , with gardens not yet hoed ... older women , unto deep sunset , ladies of great marvel whose tongues twitter with bird - magic .
both von frakkens enjoy the late mornings repast prepared for gerald , being replete with a variety of fruits and vegetables reserved only for dignitaries .
to them his observations were instant , and what he knew they wanted was to know about the rituals , and so he spoke : of burningsof fruit and vegetables and bewitching stones like incense ; of sacrificeof animals and captured foes and first - borns : but of human sacrifice he had only heard , never allowed to observe , but the tales were told too frequently to be wrong , so frantz believed .
not that he had nt noticed this strange fruit back when first discovered .
sparse but lifting the suffering of the land to a simple height of pleasure : a seductive smell otto had crushed desire to reject so often , of that fruit brought back as a prize of the crusaders : lemons ... now no longer otto he wished for these flowers to bear this fruit , to quench his thirst , to suffocate the miserableness of this barren wasteland .
sparse but lifting the suffering of the land to a simple height of pleasure : a seductive smell otto had crushed desire to reject so often , of that fruit brought back as a prize of the crusaders : lemons ... now no longer otto he wished for these flowers to bear this fruit , to quench his thirst , to suffocate the miserableness of this barren wasteland .
from that realization , he would be able to grow like a strong tree and branch out to the world , bearing nourishing fruit for others .
he saw all the fresh fruit and vegetables and was happy again that life was still going on despite his internal feelings .
i would typically select oatmeal and fruit , but this excursion is audreys way of giving me a pity test .
we would establish a plan of containment the massive platter of fruits , cheese and veggies would be totally consumed happily , the evil polecat would be chained to his office post for four solid hours , waiting and , i would nt think about audrey , guest passes or freeing the enslaved captives at sizzle again until 1:50 in the afternoon ill be following the creators schedule from now , on that s what i arrogantly thought , toountil my human side got right back in my way .
lets go and get something to drink , he said while leading her to a table filled with all types of fruit juices and soft drinks .
wolves do nt eat any kind of fruit or vegetables after all .
sometimes there are , he gestured to a couple of stray fruit still on the ground , casualties .
now there was fruit , and green things , andfancy glass bottles of water ?
there was sausage , egg , bacon , cream buns , porridge , fruit , and grape juice .
the outer great stone stairway was resplendent with fires , flowers and fountains ; over a hundred people milled about , picking fruits and finger - food off tables ; smartly dressed prefects handed out moss - green ceremonial robes gregory received and put on his own .
your eyes are so fat they look like fruit , she said critically .
a moment later , the house burst open like a rotten fruit .
this area of kondrastibar consisted mostly of small , single - family homes , each with a small garden , a carp - pond , a chicken coop , berry bushes , and a fruit - tree .
in the spring , it must be absolutely gorgeous , with all these fruit trees in bloom .
in elegant crystal goblets she had placed rich syrup in shaved ice , lightly spiced with ginger and cinnamon , and garnished with little slices of fresh fruit .
after eating a delicious meal of fish , bread , and fruit , they could look at a pretty still - life painting of delicious - looking fish , bread , and fruit .
after eating a delicious meal of fish , bread , and fruit , they could look at a pretty still - life painting of delicious - looking fish , bread , and fruit .
and then , perhaps , watch a play which consists of a number of people successfully gathering and consuming fish , bread , and fruit .
some were bright as ripe fruit , others were as transparent as winter air .
torothex stepped into an adjoining pantry and returned with an earthenware pitcher of fruit juice and a pair of wooden cups .
she only ate because darestigan gave her an argument to the effect that fruits and nuts were intended to be eaten , as a way of spreading the seed of the plant that grew them .
a ripe fruit comes off the branch easily , or may even fall off spontaneously , he said , and ripening fruits change color so as to be highly visible and attractive .
a ripe fruit comes off the branch easily , or may even fall off spontaneously , he said , and ripening fruits change color so as to be highly visible and attractive .
so kor ate fruit ( in the broad sense which includes tomatoes and cucumbers ) , but would not eat stalks , grains , or tubers , and certainly not meat .
he thought of rajos horrifying description of the life of perfect people : after eating a pleasant meal of fish , bread , and fruit , they could look at a pretty still - life painting of delicious - looking fish , bread , and fruit .
he thought of rajos horrifying description of the life of perfect people : after eating a pleasant meal of fish , bread , and fruit , they could look at a pretty still - life painting of delicious - looking fish , bread , and fruit .
here , i have some fruit juice .
then they gave me a cell at their church i guess they rehabbed the abandoned church of the holy kenosis , on pomegranate street where i stayed for a whole day and night , with no sleep , and no food except for a little fruit juice , praying and meditating under the acolytes direction .
as usual , she was shown holding a full basket of fruits and vegetables .
what plant has ever asked for money for its fruit ?
someone handed her a cup of iced fruit juice .
what do you say we go down to the crystal grail and have a couple of glasses of fruit juice ?
vibrant painted pots and glass jars filled with fruits and syrups shattered ; the viscous goop congealed with the loose sand .
you ruined a whole cart worth of fruit .
the breeze carried smells of fruit , harsh spices , salt , meat , sweat and excrement , creating a lingering aroma similar to a damp , moldy rag .
fresh fruit and meat straight from the sea !
bushes , small shrubs , and fruit trees were also in the oasis , giving the scenery depth and texture .
small buds of fruit were just beginning to grow on the trees .
those that sold food only had shriveled up pieces of meat and fruit that looked more rotted than dried .
the merchant turned his head slightly and looked at the captain from the side of his eyes as his hands fidgeted on the table , touching and slightly organizing the dried fruits .
as the merchant spoke and organized some fruit , one of the baskets tipped over and spilled behind the table .
people glanced at the captains broken arm as they lined up to receive their bread , dried fruit , wheat and other staple foods .
there were small fruit trees bearing fruit , grasses and soft , brown soil , but there was no water .
there were small fruit trees bearing fruit , grasses and soft , brown soil , but there was no water .
we have fruit , fresh water , and living earth in the oasis .
on the horizon was another oasis , with barbed grass and a tree that was filled with fruit of many varieties .
then zenith reached to the tree and grabbed a fruit .
zenith dropped the fruit , fell to his knees and stretched towards the sky .
as his tears touched the ground , the woman of the water plucked for him a fruit , and gave to him to eat .
bees buzzed around the air , systematically searching for sweet nectar in the vegetable and fruit blossoms .
the elder fairies allowed him to stay for a day to eat from their fruits , play and rest .
when the protectors are dead and gone , my blood , announced valtteri as he marched into the room , sayjin followed behind , then fields will burst with fruit and the sun warm us with a its loving gift .
the orchids , thought , appeared to be cared for , still , by some unseen hand and the trees had been stripped of their fruit .
the winery that valtteri had left to investigate , the iron mine to west , the trading port receiving large numbers of barges , rows of orchids each tree bearing a different fruit .
you see , lugus , a demons fruit tend to fall much further from the tree then ours .
he came across a tree with fruit the size of his head , the fruit bulged and warped as though their flesh inside was made of liquid .
he came across a tree with fruit the size of his head , the fruit bulged and warped as though their flesh inside was made of liquid .
while elma is repeating are you transkovac , tiredly , he is hurrying her into a barrack that is surrounded by intensive smells of some fruit and is low lighted .
its flower is white and its fruit is red alive , there are tens of trees of coffee !
on the table was a small banquet of meats , breads and fruits .
the dragon comes back and he has a basket filled with fruit and milk and breads and places it down on the ground .
they were just lips but soft , soft like silk , satin , rich like tasting some ripe fruit .
it was the raw power of life itself , the age - old dance of earth planted with seed bringing forth fruit .
i bolted the last of my fruit salad and fresh bread while doyle spoke with him .
it was a room , but it was edged with flowering vines , and trees espaliered to the wall , heavy with fruit .
the warm thick firmness of the fruit does n't writhe in your mouth , as you move over it .
it is something like , spoiled fruits all taste the same .
the discrete hints that he and jack had dropped yesterday had borne fruit .
` ` he looks like a fruit . ''
everywhere i looked there were fruit trees , all rich with god 's abundance .
there were all sorts of fruit in the orchard , jack , cherries and oranges and apples and persimmons and plums - every conceivable variety all filling god 's vast cornucopia .
the rain fell here and there in the orchard , and wherever it touched , the fruit was blighted .
` ` i knew the fruits of the orchard were god 's children , made in his image .
look upon them , captain , embrace the wisdom of our terms and we can begin the long and arduous process of restraining ourselves from the mutilation of fruits , stones and other synonyms for manhood , ' he brought his axe up , let the blade graze lenk 's trousers , ' starting with this ardent young lad . '
instead , she took a bite of her fruit and , chewing noisily , produced another , offered it to the shict .
she swallowed another piece of fruit .
she was gone before kataria even looked at the fruit .
plucking up the fruit , she sprang over the railing and glided nimbly across the timbers .
her giggle was matched by his snarl as the fruit caromed off his skull and went flying into the water below .
' to catch fruit ?
near - faint , he was spared a violent uprising of jerked beef and fruit as a fist of froth struck him squarely in the face .
on silent wings , they glided down to the beach to the sole remaining tree , settling within its boughs to stare at him , a dozen eyes bulging through the leaves like great white fruits .
it bobbed up and down , weighing the organ as though it were a piece of overripe fruit , pregnant with juices .
after a less than satisfying meal of jerky and fruit , my intestines are in working order and my rear is tightly clenched .
it had served him well in every situation in which he had hoped to never find himself , from negotiations with watchmen clamping irons about his wrists to talking down a particularly passionate young lady with a sharp knife and an overzealous love of fruits .
he made no effort to hide it , nor his heavy breathing or the sudden bags that hung like purple fruits under his eyes .
he looked down at the piles , his piles , with denaos 's addition lying smugly on top like fruits on a dessert .
you ' ve never had trouble sniffing out roots and fruits before .
the grey , jagged limbs bent , creaking in protest as macabre , pink - skinned fruit swayed in the breeze , hanging by their ankles from the ropes .
in return , the land provides them with fruit and fish to feed off of . '
the sound that resembled overripe fruit descending from a great height , however , persisted .
they gave themselves fully , ate of the fruit of the shepherd 's births , and were freed from their memories and the embrace of greedy , lying gods .
' it 's a barren forest , ' she said , ' lots of trees , but no fruit . '
' thus , when the humans came with fruits , meats , wines , grain to make the gohmns larger and more hardy ... we traded .
apparently heedless of the roughness , he looked up through eyes as bleary as those the size of fruits could be and grinned .
he heard the sound of a melon splitting , a sack of fruits hitting the earth .
there was an eternity before they stirred , a familiar eternity he had felt when he had been presented the same fruits .
but he chewed the skewered fish , plucked from the sky like fruit from a tree , without much joy .
gariath hunched over at the rudder , quietly dozing above the satchels of fruits , fish , and water the shen had sent them on their way with .
it reminded him a little of prison hooch , brewed in a garbage bag from rotten fruit and bread and sugar and water , but it was sweeter , and far stranger .
there was fruit that grew upon the trees in the bone orchard , in his dream , and there was something very disturbing about the fruit in the dream , but on waking he could no longer remember what strange fruit grew oh the trees , nor why he found it so repellent .
there was fruit that grew upon the trees in the bone orchard , in his dream , and there was something very disturbing about the fruit in the dream , but on waking he could no longer remember what strange fruit grew oh the trees , nor why he found it so repellent .
there was fruit that grew upon the trees in the bone orchard , in his dream , and there was something very disturbing about the fruit in the dream , but on waking he could no longer remember what strange fruit grew oh the trees , nor why he found it so repellent .
shadow figured he 'd learn soon enough what wednesday was up to , whether he wanted to or not , and so he prowled the liquidation aisles , staring at the things for sale : boxes of coffee ` ` for use in airline filters only , '' teenage mutant ninja turtle toys and xena : warrior princess harem dolls , teddy bears that played patriotic tunes on the xylophone when plugged in , cans of processed meat , galoshes and sundry overshoes , marshmallows , bill clinton presidential wristwatches , artificial miniature christmas trees , salt and pepper shakers in the shapes of animals , body parts , fruit , and nuns , and , shadow 's favorite , a ` ` just add real carrot '' snowman kit with plastic coal eyes , a corncob pipe , and a plastic hat .
` ` best i could hope for was a pile of fruit to eat , maybe curried goat , something slow and cold and tall to drink , and a big old high - titty woman to keep me company . ''
` ` well , i do n't get anywhere near as much fruit as i used to , '' said mr . nancy , his eyes shining .
no - they are n't even fruit sellers .
he bought a carton of milk , which he would never drink , and a selection of fruit , which he would never eat .
with less than a day 's flight left to xian , they broke their traveling early and encamped by a small lake : three handsome deer were set to roasting for their dinner and temeraire 's , the men meanwhile nibbling on biscuit and some fresh fruit brought them by a local farmer .
they bought bags of almonds and dried fruit , sweet pressed apricots and grapes , filled their water - bags at the clean deep wells , and continued on their way .
the wizened and twisted remains of dead fruit - trees still overhung the sides , their small gnarled branches dry as paper to the touch , and as light , reaching for the vanished water .
trade goods were laid out in every corner of the bazaar : sturdy sacks of cotton canvas standing upon the ground full of grains and rare spices and dried fruit ; bolts of silks in queer many - colored patterns of no meaning , neither flowers nor any other image ; gleaming treasure - vault walls of stacked chests , with strips of brass hammered on like gilding ; bright copper jugs hanging and white conical jars half - buried in the ground , for keeping water cool ; and notably many wooden stands displaying an impressive array of knives , their hilts cunningly worked , some inlaid and jeweled , and the blades long and curving and wicked .
the pigs were coming to a turn , and meanwhile gong su had been stewing the intestines and offal and hocks , judiciously adding from the various ingredients which the ferals had begun offering him , the fruit of their own collections , not all entirely legitimate : some greens and native roots , but also a bushel of turnips in a torn sack , and another bag of grain , which evidently they had snatched and found inedible .
ii chapter 6 the small ivory fountain , many - jetted , flung off a fine cooling mist that gathered upon the orange - tree leaves and fruit hanging low over the pool , ripe and fragrant and trembling .
the other prussian dragons were much in awe of him , and willingly stood aside to let him take first fruits when they had their meals .
they had avoided any further mishaps , and they had found a number of edible fruits and berries growing within the swamp .
there were bushes hung with glossy berries , red and purple and black , and small trees hung with oddly shaped fruits she 'd never seen before .
isabelle fastidiously ordered a fruit smoothie , simon asked for coffee , and clary , after a moment 's hesitation , chose a large coffee and coconut pancakes .
out of the paper bag jace drew some apples , a bar of fruit and nut chocolate , and a bottle of water .
we breakfasted en suite , fruit and yogurt for him , chilaquiles for me .
and there it was - the fruit of chance 's luck .
` ` fruit and cheese . ''
i see him and i just want to take a bite ; he 's the ultimate forbidden fruit .
so i say , ` ` can you make me a forbidden fruit ? ''
forbidden fruit , so very sweet . ''
in the morning i had some fruit for breakfast , showered , and dressed .
it was just cold sliced meat , cheese , and fruit , but i was glad of it .
there were homemade chips and fresh salsa , guacamole and empanadas , plus more american standards , like deviled eggs and a cheese and fruit plate .
booke came up beside me , as i was having seconds on the fruit and whipped cream salad .
` ` peanut butter toast and fruit sound all right for breakfast ?
a breeze whistled through the bare limbs of the budding fruit trees and both of them stiffened ... but it was n't round two of devina 's disposables rolling in .
` ` only if there were room enough for a dragon , '' laurence said , and excused himself to step outside and take the air : in the dark , with the lights of the house shining and the garden full of palm - trees and fruit bats obscured , he might have been at exactly that sort of manor , which he might indeed have imagined for himself , six years and a lifetime ago .
` ` there might be some fruit , at least ; and better timber than what we have here , '' laurence said now , yawning ; he was leaning against temeraire 's arm , and his eyes were already closed .
` ` that or they have found some other fruit which would serve them , '' laurence said , ` ` unless they are busy poisoning themselves ; we will know in the morning .
grog was served out with haste , and exchanged for fresh meat and fruit , while a comfortable bonfire was arranged for the captains , and the dragons laid down split logs around it .
so he was perfectly satisfied , when he came to camp and let them off ; and having eaten an excellent meal of roasted cattle stuffed with the sweet ripe banana fruit he fell asleep until roused unceremoniously several hours later by a shove .
a server arrived just then with a light wine , fruit , and bread , and told them that the evening meal would be served shortly .
he 's eating a bowl of fruit loops and watching a movie starring people who have thick french accents .
to be exact , a fruit basket in his right hand that would have looked perfectly at home on carmen miranda 's head , and in his right hand , a red envelope .
she blinked at the fruit basket , holstered the gun that she had just loaded and transferred her stare to his face .
borden raised the fruit basket and his eyebrows at the same time .
` ` what if i do n't like fruit ? ''
` ` some other day , maybe , but this one 's just turned a little more interesting than normal , so if you do n't mind - thanks for the fruit , now get the hell out . ''
you come here with your - your fruit basket and your stupid red envelope and just expect me to be available ?
he started for the door , then came back and grabbed his fruit basket .
` ` sorry i gave away your fruit basket . ''
` ` fruit baskets do n't turn you on ?
pansy was turning the fruit basket this way and that , trying to catalog contents without unwrapping the shiny paper .
it 's a fruit basket . ''
conversation collapsed into silence as they ate , and the waiter came around to deliver a selection from the marriage of figaro , and it was dessert by the time jazz said , ` ` about the fruit basket ? ''
no hearts and flowers , not even a fruit basket , just a quick disconnection .
over breakfast at the restaurant in the raphael hotel , which was a good deal fancier than his suit jacket warranted , mccarthy wolfed down a hangover omelet stuffed with chili , chorizo and potatoes ; lucia stuck to a large fruit cup and dry toast .
she nibbled the fruit .
` ` let 's see - guns , bullets , kevlar , fruit basket .
there was one brown banana in the fruit bowl and i decided to make it my breakfast .
my psyche had pushed past the feelings of guilt and unworthiness and had found a ripe new fruit to feast on - the fact that i had no f**king idea what i was doing .
after the spanish steps , we wandered the winding streets , past the street kids begging for money , the groups of nuns who seemed to float as they walked , and the vendors trying to sell fruit .
i heard it - felt it - all the way into my marrow , sinking through like maggots in a ripe fruit .
he reached out cautiously and picked up some sort of purple fruit crusted with green crystals .
they call it the big wahooni , after the fruit .
' the lure of wanton soft bosoms and huge pulsating thighs , and the forbidden fruits of desire which- ' a couple of wizards carefully moved their chairs away from him .
plump cherubs and miscellaneous fruit , all painted gold , seemed to cover every surface .
the baker over in genua puts dried fruit in it , ' said another dwarf .
' perhaps they do some kind of fruit cup , or something . '
i said to the man , ` ` what kind of fruit drinks do people drink around here ? ''
nanny ogg looked along a table which included roast swans , a roasted peacock that probably would n't have felt any better about it even if it had known that its tail feathers were going to be stuck back in afterwards , and more fruits , boiled lobsters , nuts , cakes , creams and trifles than a hermit 's dream .
it went on burning until nanny ogg ambled over with a jug of fruit juice from the buffet , whistling between her teeth , and put it out .
she looked thoughtfully at the empty fruit juice jug in her hand .
they were of course used to the concept of fruit on a hat - nanny ogg herself had a black straw hat with wax cherries on for special family feuding occasions .
about the only fruit not on it somewhere was a melon .
there was a bowl of fruit in brutha 's cell , and a plate of cold meat .
` ` there 's fruit , '' he said .
` ` fruit and meat , brutha .
and then he heard his own thoughts echoed back to him : it 's fruit and meat and bread , that 's all .
` ` i nearly ate fruit on a fruitless day . ''
` ` but it was the eating of fruit that caused passion to invade the world , '' said brutha .
they lived in a world where the grass continued to be green and the sun rose every day and flowers regularly turned into fruit , and what impressed them ?
another bowl of fruit was waiting on the table in brutha 's cell , with some more fish and a loaf of bread .
there , on a stone beside him , was a roast pig surrounded by fruit , and a mug of beer so cold the air was frosting on the sides .
he dined daily on the food of the gods , drank the rarest vintages , ate fruits that were not only out of season but out of reality .
om emptied some of the fruit out .
there were the herbs , and the soft fruit bushes , a bit of lawn and , of course , the beehives .
` ` and you ' ve turned him into a fruit ! ''
the librarian knuckled past again with an entire display of fruit .
' with a fruit salad in it , ' said nobby .
she was a small fat woman , but made up for her lack of height by wearing a huge black hat ; not the pointy witch variety , but one covered with stuffed birds , wax fruit and other assorted decorative items , all painted black .
they were roasting a whole ox and doing amazing stuff with rare fruit .
' oh , just a bit of fruit and old eggs , ' said glod .
but his attention was drawn to a large orang - utan , which had pulled up its chair right in front of the stage and was holding a bag of fruit .
' fruit 's fruit .
' fruit 's fruit .
' well , it 's better than the fruit machine , at least . '
' he ate all the fruit . '
bear - baiting , bullharassing , dog - fighting and sheep- worrying were currently banned in ankh - morpork , although the patrician did permit the unrestricted hurling of rotten fruit at anyone suspected of belonging to a street theatre group .
there 's a stall over there selling fruit and nuts .
show 'em a bit of desert with one dead tree in it , next minute they ' ve found a three- course meal with fruits and nuts to follow .
bonnie quarney had been gathering nuts in may with william simple , and it was only because she 'd thought ahead and taken a little advice from nanny that she would n't be bearing fruit in february .
' or perhaps some fruit ? '
home - made fruit drink ? '
apparently he ran a fruit stall and was married to a girl called angie .
get out of the fruit bowl ! '
it was hard to see where there would be space for any among the drifts of ornamental fruit bowls and forests of wine glasses .
ignorant 16 and credulous 17 people , whose island might once have been visited by some itinerant merchant vessel that traded pearls and coconuts for such fruits of civilization as glass beads , mirrors , axes and sexual diseases , would later make big model ships out of bamboo in the hope of once again attracting this magical cargo .
susan and the oh god watched it , and then turned their attention to the huge figure now lying in what remained of an enormous centrepiece made of fruit .
' toga , sandals ... he looks a bit like you , ' said susan , as the fruit victim swayed heavily .
' they 're a kind of fruit !
' very nourishin ' fruit , mr stibbons . '
although , funnily enough it 's not actually a fruit , sir . '
seam vimes could regard it dispassionately , since he always drank fruit juice these days .
' may your hlions be full of fruit . '
' my loins be full of fruit ? '
three fruits arced gently out of the green whirl and thumped on to al- jibla 's tray .
the tangled ball of hurtling fruit and cutlery leapt into the air .
` ` ' may your loins be full of fruit . ''
' no one 's to let him have any sugar or fruit . '
you know , stuff cheaper fruit in .
frenzied searching had failed to locate a steak bush so far but had found , in addition to numerous more conventional fruits , a pasta bush , a sort of squash that contained something very much like custard and , to ridcully 's disgust , a pineapple - like plant the fruit of which was , when the husk had been stripped away , a large plum pudding .
frenzied searching had failed to locate a steak bush so far but had found , in addition to numerous more conventional fruits , a pasta bush , a sort of squash that contained something very much like custard and , to ridcully 's disgust , a pineapple - like plant the fruit of which was , when the husk had been stripped away , a large plum pudding .
' pass the bread- and - butter - pudding fruit , will you ? '
the librarian was sitting behind a pile of fruit .
the point about fruit , sir , is that it 's a kind of lure .
a bird 'll eat the fruit and then , er , drop the seeds somewhere .
argo nauticae uniquo was ready to produce its first , and only , fruit .
' er , one variety of mangrove fruit has a sort of keel which ... ' ' and a sail with what looks very much like rigging ? '
the handkerchief plant had just put forth another fruit .
it looked like a small cucumber vine , except that the fruits were yellow and oblong .
ridcully sliced the fruit in half .
' yes , it must be quite expens- ' ' big bills , short bills , bills for winkling insects out of bark , bills for cracking nuts , bills for eating fruit , ' the god went on .
' no , dean , you took her the fruit drink , if you remember , ' said the senior wrangler , cutting a cheese nut into dainty segments .
basically it was just fruit and cream and custard , was n't it ?
' first , ' said rincewind , ' what fruit have we got ? '
a wizard in a foul temper attracts magic like overripe fruit gets flies .
and , indeed , the swelling fruit was not looking very boat - shaped .
in border country the border gets crossed , and sometimes things creep into the universe that have rather more on their mind than a better life for their children and a wonderful future in the fruit - picking and domestic service industries .
they had taken cover behind a fruit barrow .
said rincewind , perplexed at the sudden subject of fruit .
and never confuses his fruit , either . '
' y'know , ' he said , ' it 's very hard to talk quantum using a language originally designed to tell other monkeys where the ripe fruit is .
did they steal anything , then , or did they break in to deliver a box of chocolates and a small complimentary basket of fruit ? '
' used to be a fruit porter down the market but i got a bad back and a bad chest what with all the cold mornings . '
he could see the weapon in anything - a wall , a cloth , a piece of fruit ...
it had the tobacco factors and the candlemakers and most of the fruit and vegetable warehouses and the grain and flour stores .
fortunately not too many animals at this time of night , sir , but there were six millers ' wagons , one wagon of , er , dried fruits and spices , four dairymen 's wagons and three hegglers ' carts .
' we are doing well , ' madam told a basket of fruit .
they stabbed at the second layer , again meeting no more resistance than can be offered by dried fruit and suet and a crust of marzipan with sugar frosting .
for one thing , it was so covered in mistletoe that it looked green even in midwinter , its fruit was small and went from stomach - twisting sourness to wasp - filled rottenness overnight , and although it looked easy enough to climb it had a habit of breaking twigs and dislodging feet at inconvenient moments .
in the summer it was surrounded by dense beds of what granny loosely called ` ` the herbs '' - strange plants , hairy or squat or twining , with curious flowers or vivid fruits or unpleasantly bulging pods .
hilts , a small fat woman wearing an enormous hat with fruit on it , glanced from her to granny and grinned .
it was good for you , because there was only fruit in it , plus lots of freezing and boiling and careful testing of little drops with a lighted flame .
there were others , too - a jolly fat man , a bowl of fruits all carved in ice , a swan .
you just found a place where you could get comfortable among the boxes of fruit and rolls of cloth .
' aye , we just tak ' a few wee eiggs an ' fruits an ' old clothes and- ' daft wullie began .
at least this extra weight meant that the stick end was pointing up , towards a gap in the fruit trees .
by the way , mrs wilkinson says ta very much for the fruit basket .
' the warden was a bit green about the kumquats 'cos he only got dates in his , but i told him , sir , that fruit baskets is like life : until you ' ve got the pineapple off'f the top you never know what 's underneath .
and as his gaze moved down it also saw , over the first shop in the narrow street : no.1 a. parker and son 's greengrocer 's high clas 's fruit and vegetable 's well , why not deliver it ?
aggy had been sent home after the bulldog had been prised from his leg ; moist had a big basket of fruit sent round .
you could n't go wrong with a basket of fruit .
she was carrying what looked like a big basket shaped like a shell , which was full of fruit .
you should avoid rumbustious fruits and vegetables .
general tacticus says they are unsurpassable for the proper operation of the digestive system if you ca n't find fresh fruit .
all sorts of fruits , vegetables , and grain were spilling from the cornucopia 's wide mouth .
` ` mostly fruit , though , '' said nanny .
i 'll fill you full of fruit ?
every drinking place throughout the multiverse has them - those shelves of weirdly - shaped , sticky bottles that not only contain exotically - named liquid , which is often blue or green , but also odds and ends that bottles of real drink would never stoop to contain , such as whole fruits , bits of twig and , in extreme cases , small drowned lizards .
the man looked sideways at the empty glasses on the counter , some of them still containing bits of fruit salad , cherries on a stick and small paper umbrellas .
under its paper umbrella and fruit salad it contained some sticky and expensive alcohol .
everyone else in the university seemed to be living in a dream , whereas the librarian wanted nothing more in the whole world than soft fruit , a regular supply of index cards and the opportunity , every month or so , to hop over the wall of the patrician 's private menagerie .
' i always understood that the kind of locust people ate in wildernesses was the fruit of a kind of tree , ' said conina .
or bits of fruit salad or olives or curly straws or ornamental monkeys , i command thee by the seventeen siderites of sarudin ' ' i ' m not an umbrella person , ' said the genie sulkily .
' mrs vitoller , ' she said eventually , ' may i make so bold as to ask if your union has been blessed with fruit ? '
all except young roger , who is n't allowed fruit , sir , on account of his trouble . '
if anyone had been watching they would have been amazed at the sheer dedication with which granny tackled such tasks as cleaning the teapot stand , rooting ancient nuts out of the fruit bowl on the dresser , and levering fossilised bread crusts out of the cracks in the flagstones with the back of a teaspoon .
' apple , ' he repeated , waving the fruit in the air .
we never realised until he started banging his head on things , they say- ' ' they say this fruit be like unto the world so sweet .
he reached down for the fruit bowl .
vimes stalked gloomily through the crowded streets , feeling like the only pickled onion in a fruit salad .
errol lay in the wreckage of the fourth fruit box nobby had scrounged for him .
they turned towards the fruit basket .
it was a brief bite of stolen fruit and enjoyed as such .
before we had finished breakfast we were sitting in a room full of pink and white snow formed of petals , and where the blossoms had been there was the beginning of leaves , and the barest beginnings of fruit .
chapter 11 ` ` fruit . ''
bram opened his eyes and stared at the big shiny fruit held up before him .
` ` i ' m ... nak*d . '' ghleanna nodded , bit into a juicy piece of fruit .
she held out another piece of fruit .
for the fruit and the compliment . ''
ghleanna laughed , bit into another fruit , and bram noted , ` ` you have your appetite back . ''
fearghus watched his sister grab several pieces of fruit .
morfyd swung around to glare at him , fruit flying everywhere .
morfyd shrugged as she knelt down to pick up the scattered pieces of fruit .
squeezing the potato to see if it was juicy like fruit , she muttered , ` ` there are some who say you 're cruel .
a lamb slowly roasted over the open flame while talaith and eibhear ate fruit , bread and cheese .
he grabbed a fruit , put his feet up on the table , and proceeded to eat while watching her .
she went back to her fruit and cheese as briec desperately worked to control his human body .
he sat in one of the chairs across from talaith , threw his feet up on the table , pushed his porridge away and grabbed a piece of fruit .
` ` actually- '' annoyed with the very sound of his voice , talaith grabbed one of the fruits from the bowl near her plate and threw it .
the large , round and juicy fruit slammed into gwenvael 's head with unrelenting force .
the other hand rubbed his forehead where the fruit had made a rather unpleasant temporary dent .
briec looked up from the bowl of fruit in front of him , horror written all over his face .
briec shrugged and went back to his fruit .
returning to the fruit and cheese in front of him , briec muttered , ` ` it amazes me i did n't strangle you at birth .
and why am i eating fruit ?
she had the feeling the fruit he 'd brought in the other day was n't ripe enough .
the fruit .
he bet she ate all the fruit .
` ` so tell me , eymund ... '' gwenvael nibbled on a crunchy piece of fruit .
with bottle of wine and fresh fruit in hand , he walked up to her .
merchants sold everything from fruits , vegetables , and meats , to furs , and jewels , to more weapons than she could ever imagine .
gwenvael looked at his sister , the piece of fresh fruit he 'd just taken off her plate still in his hand .
` ` as ruler of all fruits and vegetables , i 'll make sure to get right on that . ''
` ` you ca n't expect me to eat fruit that 's not perfectly ripe , and i ' m extremely disappointed you did n't consider my needs . ''
gwenvael bit into his own piece of fruit before shrugging .
the fruit he 'd only moments ago swallowed became lodged in his throat .
` ` i think i 'll stick with the fruit and cheese . ''
she stood by a tree , picking the ripe fruit with her tail and watching him .
she pulled a fruit down and tossed it to him .
she dropped several more pieces of fruit at ragnar 's claws before reaching out and pressing her own claw against the side of his jaw , her talons caressing him there .
now '' -she tossed him another fruit with her tail before again focusing on her tree- '' good travels , my light drizzle .
he was back on his plateau , the ripe fruit the queen had tossed at him resting by his claws .
letting out a breath , ragnar picked up a piece of fruit and held it between his talons .
throwing down the fruit , ragnar scratched at the healed wound on this chest .
and where did that fruit come from ? ''
` ` well ... are you going to eat all that fruit or just leave it out here to freeze into useless lumps ? ''
ragnar swept up the fruit with both hands and pitched them , one after the other , at his brother 's big , fat , scale - covered forehead .
` ` fruit then ? ''
athol held a plate of freshly cut fruit in front of ragnar .
morfyd opened her mouth , a caustic reply on her tongue , but talaith - briec 's mate and , although human , a fellow witch - beat morfyd to it , a big , round fruit winging its way across the table and slamming into gwenvael 's nose .
keita pointed at the plate of fresh fruit on the table beside franseza .
` ` is n't the fruit here delicious ?
every morning you 'd come out , pick your fruit , and nibble on it throughout the day , between fresh cow carcasses that are delivered .
and the servants do n't touch the fruit anymore because you already had a servant girl whipped who did .
rhona pul ed out a burlap bag fil ed with fruit she 'd picked up in town , but vigholf took it from her .
vigholf threw the bag of fruit in the horses ' direction .
` ` i thought we could bond over the fruit . ''
rhona took in a breath , about to say something when that large and round fruit slammed into the back of vigholf 's head , turning rhona 's words into a fit of laughter .
` ` jealous bastard , '' he sneered before he had to drop both him and rhona to the ground , another piece of fruit winging its way right toward them .
chapter 21 rhona was impressed when vigholf ended up eating the fruit rather than chucking it back at the horse .
izzy dug into her pack and pul ed out several pieces of fruit , which she offered to everyone .
she ate some more fruit , then added , ` ` but you know , i have to say , the way their army works ... '' ` ` i know , '' vigholf immediately agreed .
the seats were upholstered in velvet and silk , servants hovered nearby , and everyone had fresh fruit , wine , or both .
eibhear grabbed an apple from the bowl on the table , shaking his head as he bit into the fruit .
` ` ragnar did n't tell me who asked for her , '' he said around the bite of fruit in his mouth .
talaith and annwyl laughed , and eibhear , grinning , reached blindly over for another piece of fruit .
` ` your lady is very brave , '' eibhear stated to gwenvael before taking a bite out of the fruit he held .
ragnar reached across the table , grabbing a piece of fruit from a bowl .
talaith shrugged and pitched the fruit at frederik 's head .
but he caught the fruit in his hand .
her grandmother stretched out , white wings extending from her back until they could lay flat , her tail reaching up and pulling fruits down from a nearby tree .
although she would , especially when daddy has n't checked her fruit appropriately . ''
` ` checked her fruit ? ''
he asked , reaching for the fruit in the crystal bowl i was eyeing .
he reached for a glistening red apple at the top of a tower of fruit , and ran his fingers over its speckled , crimson skin .
there was something threatening in the way his fingers glided over the fruit , and with the accompaniment of the smile on his lips , i was reminded just why william wanted john as far away from me as possible .
i was hesitant to swallow and relinquish the luscious flavors flowing in my mouth , but aware of john and william viewing me with increasing interest , i swallowed the miracle fruit begrudgingly .
` ` you want a drink that 's more fruit than liquor , you get the hell out of my bar . ''
yeah , yeah , i get you re blissful y happy and just awakened from the greatest night of your existences and plan to rub it in my face , but '' he final y glanced up as he was plucking a few fruit skewers from a vase '' il have you know my night was nt so bad ... '' this time he did nt glance when he looked back at us , he stared , blinking to make sure he was seeing things right '' ... either , he finished , his eyes shifting between wil iams and mine , the plate fal ing from his hands , but abigails swift hand caught it before it shattered to the ground .
she reawakened later with her old silk robe wrapped gently around her body and her sister - by - mating , sydney , rushing in with a tray of eggs and fruit , a blueberry scone nestled on the side of her plate .
` ` well , let us see , '' keynes said , and went poking through the materials with gong su : a great many local vegetables , including a long pendulous fruit like an oversized yam , which gong su dubiously picked up and thumped against the ground : not even the skin so much as split , until he at last took it into the castle , to the smith , and had it smashed open upon the forge .
` ` perhaps the seed husks in combination with another of the native fruits , '' dorset suggested , examining the hua jiao and stirring them with a finger .
erasmus considered , and gave it as his opinion that they were not , ` ` for surely the bible would mention it , if any had eaten of the fruit besides adam and eve ; and though resembling the serpent in some particulars , the lord said unto the serpent that upon its belly it should go , whereas dragons are as creatures of the air , and can not be considered under the same interdiction , '' he added convincingly , so it was with a heart lightened that laurence could return to the deck that evening , to once again try and persuade temeraire to take a little more to eat .
the feral promptly beat away a few more wing - spans , widening the distance between them , and kept his position until temeraire gave his terrible thundering roar : the trees shaking with the force of it so that a hail of old leaves and twigs , trapped in the canopy , came shedding down upon them , and also some of the ugly lumpen sausage - shaped fruits , whose impact thumped deep aggressive dents in the ground around them ; chenery 's midwingman hyatt uttered a startled oath as one glanced off his shoulder .
they had come into a wide valley , very warm , cupped in a bowl of mountains and still richly green despite the advancing season : fruit - trees everywhere in curiously even rows .
they had among their pockets some biscuit , a little dried fruit , which would not have made a meal for even one man ; it was pressed on catherine , who at first disdained it scornfully , until dorset insisted upon it as a medical matter .
mrs . erasmus had also been brought , and laurence braced himself for a further interrogation , to which he would not allow himself to feel unequal , but moshueshue did not repeat the king 's demands or his violence ; his servants instead gave laurence a drink , oddly sweet , of pressed fruits and water and cocoanut milk , and his questions were of generalities and trade , wide - ranging .
` ` a little gamy , but not at all unpleasant ; perhaps gong su can try stewing one with a little dried fruit , '' temeraire said thoughtfully , rattling the horns in his mouth in a horrible fashion to pick his teeth , before he fastidiously deposited them upon the ground .
he approached felicia only long enough to hand her a fruit - filled pastry and coffee in a paper cup .
just outside , a tray with fruits , soup , and a hot sandwich sat on ornate china , along with water and tea in a matching cup and saucer .
she was his forbidden fruit .
women 's sexuality has been used against them since my mom ate the forbidden fruit .
reed settled onto a barstool and picked an apple from the fruit bowl .
fruit of the same tree , borne of the same father ?
she asked before taking a bite of the fruit .
i could smell seawater and a putrid , decaying odor , like rotted fruit and mold .
it was another clearing like the other campsite but had rows of stunted fruit trees and some foreign - looking bushes deliberately placed throughout .
i could smell seawater and a putrid , decaying smell like rotted fruit and mold .
a certain type of fruit in one direction meant you were single .
dex stared down at his bowl and pushed the soggy fruit loops around and around , creating a mini whirlpool of milk .
i looked behind me and grabbed the nearest suitable smashing device , which happened to be the box of fruit loops that dex had left out .
my mind was going back to the fruit chew candies i had as a child .
i knew i was n't the prettiest , skinniest chick around , and now especially , but from the way he always looked at me with my body on display like i was a platter of ripe fruit , i knew i had to at least try and work it .
after we stocked up on simple groceries - frozen meals , freeze - dried coffee , health bars , and some fresh fruit - we pulled into a local diner to catch a quick cup of coffee before we headed back up .
' i 'll have a fruit juice , too , ' she quavered .
unlike the family tree that had borne fred colon as its fruit , the creeping vine of the nobbses had flourished only within city walls .
a few of them paused on the landing to buy frozen creams or fruit from the black peddlers with their carts , but most streamed right down silver street toward the hot bright lights .
i had little taste for vegetables or fruits .
another big side - wheeler had put in beside the fevre dream and was unloading , peddlers were selling fruits and frozen creams from wheeled carts , one or two hotel omnibuses had put in an appearance .
vordknights fell from the skies and smashed to the earth like rotten fruit .
his grandmother had packed sandwiches , fruit , and drinks in a cooler .
as she expected , she found more than a few fruit - bearing trees among them .
she picked fruit from the trees and ate , studying the area around her .
she gathered fruit onto one of the shields , using it as a platter , and rested it near him .
he picked up a rind from one of the bright orange fruits and threw it back into the plants at the water 's edge , scowling , his thoughts in a turmoil .
she was eating a delicate little fruit cocktail thingy .
david watched me consume with a lazy sort of pleasure in his expression as he nursed a cup of coffee and a bowl of mixed fruit .
he picked up the spoon from his fruit bowl and licked it , slowly and contemplatively , tongue moving very deliberately around the sleek curves .
he ate the rest of the fruit , nibbling on the moist bites with such suggestiveness that i think every waitress in the diner made sure to come by and ask if there was anything at all she could do for him .
and her mouth was open , as wrinkled and caved - in as an orifice dug into a rotten piece of fruit .
i had a big bowl of oatmeal and some fruit , and then two cups of coffee .
it was about time i ate something that was n't actively bad for me , and i loaded up my plate with salad and fruit .
i ordered the fruit plate and some yogurt from a waitress who seemed to think that was a strange choice .
my fruit arrived - sliced cantaloupe that was hard and tasteless , canned pineapple , a banana in the peel , and some grapes .
i know technically they 're a fruit , but i always think of them as vegetables . ''
maybe denny 's fruit plate would be better .
its people would put away their hillbilly costumes and close their fruit and crystal stands , and sarne would be alone for the winter .
some generous soul had brought a thinly sliced roast , but i passed it by , and instead got some broccoli , a fruit casserole baked in some kind of curry sauce , a roll , and a cold three - bean salad .
energy into fruit into energy .
he 'd manifested some kind of breakfast while i was n't looking , but it did n't look anything like a traditional bacon - and - eggs kind of thing ; some kind of lumpy - looking yogurt stuff , thin little flaps of something that looked like unfolded blintzes , and a weirdly colored fruit mishmash .
he took a bite of fruit surprise with no evidence of discomfort .
a thick carrot soup , green salad , lamb chops and mashed potatoes , cheese and fruit , a chocolate cake .
a tureen of fruit sits in ice to keep it chilled .
peeta rises from the floor and scoops up a handful of ice from under the fruit tureen .
i spot a cluster of berry bushes and hurry to strip the fruit , to suck the sweet juices from the skins .
there 's a reason it 's me and not gale who ventures up to pluck the highest fruit , or rob the most remote bird nests .
the boy from district 1 has several knives , two spare spearheads , a flashlight , a small leather pouch , a first - aid kit , a full bottle of water , and a pack of dried fruit .
a pack of dried fruit !
all i have left are rue 's roots and nuts , the boy 's dried fruit , and one strip of beef .
i get a couple of pills and some water into him when he 's not noticing , but he refuses to eat even the fruit .
i strip off the fruit and mash it up in the broth pot with cold water .
two pieces of groosling , a small mishmash of roots , and a handful of dried fruit .
i can see orchards in the distance , and i wonder if that 's where rue would have worked , collecting the fruit from the slimmest branches at the tops of the trees .
designs of fruit and flowers are carved into the molding and small , fat children with wings look down at us from every angle .
huge platters of fowl stuffed with savory fruits and nuts .
i realize the answer to who i am lies in that handful of poisonous fruit .
others begin to die off and it becomes clear that almost everything in this pretty place - the luscious fruit dangling from the bushes , the water in the crystalline streams , even the scent of the flowers when inhaled too directly - is deadly poisonous .
for dessert we dip chunks of fruit in a pot of melted chocolate , and cinna has to order a second pot because i start just eating the stuff with a spoon .
music plays them out , and then there 's a woman reading a list of expected shortages in the capitol - fresh fruit , solar batteries , soap .
as i slide my tray along the metal shelf before the vats of food , i see breakfast is its usual dependable self - a bowl of hot grain , a cup of milk , and a small scoop of fruit or vegetables .
perhaps a little less green than usual , but the blackberry bushes hang heavy with fruit .
i 'll bring you some fruit gel .
he tasted darkly exotic , like a fruit from deep in an undiscovered jungle .
like a primeval man breaking open a fruit with a tough rind .
a basket of fruit or some such . ''
` ` we 're not talking confrontation here ; we 're talking about making sure that the fruits and nuts like the ones who run daily breadand political neanderthals like dalton - do n't shut down a really useful women 's resource center .
` ` about eighteen people showed up outside womancare at eight - thirty this morning , while people were arriving for work , lois 's friend simone says they 're calling themselves the friends of life , but the core group are the assorted fruits and nuts that used to go by the name of daily bread .
well , let me tell you both something - you can put a fruit pie from mcdonald 's in a sterling - silver chafing dish and call it a french tart , but it 's still just a fruit pie from mcdonald 's , as far as i am concerned . ''
well , let me tell you both something - you can put a fruit pie from mcdonald 's in a sterling - silver chafing dish and call it a french tart , but it 's still just a fruit pie from mcdonald 's , as far as i am concerned . ''
i nodded my thanks , but the fruit 's sweetness was lost on me .
` ` some fruit juice .
captain trips , a glass of fruit juice clutched in a bony hand , tried to negotiate the room , but his amazing stovepipe hat kept tumbling to the floor .
she gripped his penis in both her hands and it would have hurt if it had n't already been so swollen and aching that he 'd thought it was going to split lengthwise like an overripe fruit .
but he remembered that there was bread , surpassing the savour of a fair white loaf to one who is starving ; and fruits sweet as wildberries and richer than the tended fruits of gardens ; he drained a cup that was filled with a fragrant draught , cool as a clear fountain , golden as a summer afternoon .
but he remembered that there was bread , surpassing the savour of a fair white loaf to one who is starving ; and fruits sweet as wildberries and richer than the tended fruits of gardens ; he drained a cup that was filled with a fragrant draught , cool as a clear fountain , golden as a summer afternoon .
' they have left us fruit and drink , and bread , ' said pippin .
eaten after that draught the stale bread and dried fruit ( which was now all that they had left ) seemed to satisfy their hunger better than many a good breakfast in the shire had done .
but our hearts did not go on growing in the same way : the ents gave their love to things that they met in the world , and the entwives gave their thought to other things , for the ents loved the great trees ; and the wild woods , and the slopes of the high hills ; and they drank of the mountain - streams , and ate only such fruit as the trees let fall in their path ; and they learned of the elves and spoke with the trees .
the entwives ordered them to grow according to their wishes , and bear leaf and fruit to their liking ; for the entwives desired order , and plenty , and peace ( by which they meant that things should remain where they had set them ) .
when summer warms the hanging fruit and burns the berry brown ; when straw is gold , and ear is white , and harvest comes to town ; when honey spills , and apple swells , though wind be in the west , i 'll linger here beneath the sun , because my land is best !
the oldest were planted by the ents to try and please the entwives ; but they looked at them and smiled and said that they knew where whiter blossom and richer fruit were growing .
but the birds became unfriendly and greedy and tore at the trees , and threw the fruit down and did not eat it .
but there , my friends , songs like trees bear fruit only in their own time and their own way : and sometimes they are withered untimely . '
after so long journeying and camping , and days spent in the lonely wild , the evening meal seemed a feast to the hobbits : to drink pale yellow wine , cool and fragrant , and eat bread and butter , and salted meats , and dried fruits , and good red cheese , with clean hands and clean knives and plates .
twice that day they rested and took a little of the food provided by faramir : dried fruits and salted meat , enough for many days ; and bread enough to last while it was still fresh .
frodo and sam drank a little water and ate some bread and dried fruit , but gollum at once curled up and went to sleep .
and for my part , i shall not wholly fail of my task , though gondor should perish , if anything passes through this night that can still grow fair or bear fruit and flower again in days to come .
and then all the clouds rolled away , and the white sun shone , and at his command the vale of gorgoroth became a garden of flowers and trees and brought forth fruit .
keeping back the precious lembas for the evil days ahead , they ate the half of what remained in sam 's bag of faramir 's provision : some dried fruit , and a small slip of cured meat ; and they sipped some water .
and gandalf coming looked at it , and said : ' verily this is a sapling of the line of nimloth the fair ; and that was a seedling of galathilion , and that a fruit of telperion of many names , eldest of trees .
but this is an ancient hallow , and ere the kings failed or the tree withered in the court , a fruit must have been set here .
for it is said that , though the fruit of the tree comes seldom to ripeness , yet the life within may then lie sleeping through many long years , and none can foretell the time in which it will awake .
for if ever a fruit ripens , it should be planted , lest the line die out of the world .
the fruit was so plentiful that young hobbits very nearly bathed in strawberries and cream ; and later they sat on the lawns under the plum - trees and ate , until they had made piles of stones like small pyramids or the heaped skulls of a conqueror , and then they moved on .
boy 412 kept hold of jenna as he headed away from the hunter , around the back of the cottage and into aunt zelda 's fruit bushes .
boy 412 and jenna ducked and weaved through the bushes , leaving the hunter struggling to find his way through the prickly plants , but all too soon jenna and boy 412 reached the end of the fruit bushes and reluctantly emerged into the exposed grassy space that led down to the duck pond .
' drumknott , perhaps mr lipwig would like some fruit ?
a tree is known by its fruit ; or , as we say , the proof of the pudding is in the eating .
fine breads , fruits , and even a few thick , cured sausages bounced free .
the middle - aged skaa regarded the fruit with stunned eyes .
to them , breads and fruits were rare delicacies - usually eaten only as aging discards brought down by the house servants .
one of the crewmen impersonating a servant rushed forward , bringing chilled wine and fruit for the obligator .
laird picked at the fruit , letting the servant stand obediently , holding the platter of food as if he were a piece of furniture .
renoux 's servants brought her a platter of fruits and breads .
so , vin sat and forced herself to eat fruit , yawning occasionally .
` ` i ' m glad that 's settled , because i ' m starting to feel tired - and poor vin looks like she 's about to nod off in the middle of her fruit plate . ''
` ` like fruit ? ''
some of the reports even claim that these owers grew into fruit , in the days before the ascension . ''
waxillium poured the tea - it was a deep cherry color today , likely a sweet fruit tea - and brought a cup over to marasi .
here , trees grew fruit in abundance and cultivated lands had water without need for irrigation .
he thrust himself inside my mouth , and suddenly all i could taste was honey and fruit , and mead .
i should have been able to tell what kind of vine , what fruit , what animal , but beyond small , or large , it was as if my mind could n't hold the images .
no fruit , you say ?
now he had come to a part of the wood where great globes of yellow fruit hung from the trees - clustered as toy - balloons are clustered on the back of the balloon - man and about the same size .
his reason , or what we commonly take to be reason in our own world , was all in favour of tasting this miracle again ; the child - like innocence of fruit , the labours he had undergone , the uncertainty of the future , all seemed to commend the action .
he opened his eyes and saw a strange heraldically coloured tree loaded with yellow fruits and silver leaves .
there were trees near him loaded with the fruit which he had already tasted , but his attention was diverted by a strange ' appearance a little farther bf .
the grove was still full of its iridescent fruit but now he perceived that there was a slow continual movement .
in fact , the things were not fruit at all but bubbles .
do different trees bring forth like fruit ? ''
one goes into the forest to pick food and already the thought of one fruit rather than another has grown up in one 's mind .
then , it may be , one finds a different fruit and not the fruit one thought of .
then , it may be , one finds a different fruit and not the fruit one thought of .
the picture of the fruit you have not found is still , for a moment , before you .
you could refuse the real good ; you could make the real fruit taste insipid by thinking of the other . ''
you and the king differ more than two kinds of fruit .
the fruit we are eating is always the best fruit of all . ''
the fruit we are eating is always the best fruit of all . ''
some fruit like bilberries could be gathered in handfuls on the upper slopes , and the wooded valleys abounded in a kind of oval nut .
the kernel had a toughly soft consistency , rather like cork or kidneys , and the flavour , though somewhat austere and prosaic after the fruit of the floating islands , was not unsatisfactory .
it was none of the fruits he had tasted before .
well might the lady say of her world that the fruit you ate at any moment was , at that moment , the best .
` ` that saying of yours is like a tree with no fruit .
` ` and if you refused to learn things from me and keep on saying you would wait and ask the king , would that not be like turning away from the fruit you had found to the fruit you had expected ? ''
` ` and if you refused to learn things from me and keep on saying you would wait and ask the king , would that not be like turning away from the fruit you had found to the fruit you had expected ? ''
it would be like a fruit with no taste . ''
from this there hung fruits as smooth and bright and round as holly - berries , some of which he ate .
if you shrink back from it , are you not drawing back from the fruit that is offered you ? ''
he does not want you to go on to the new fruits that you have never tasted before . ''
` ` one who rejects the fruit he is given for the sake of the fruit he expected or the fruit he found last time . ''
` ` one who rejects the fruit he is given for the sake of the fruit he expected or the fruit he found last time . ''
` ` one who rejects the fruit he is given for the sake of the fruit he expected or the fruit he found last time . ''
you are as a tree without fruit . ''
surely what you are saying is like fruit with no taste !
but all love was troubled and made cold , and maleldil 's voice became hard to hear so that wisdom grew little among them ; and the woman was against the man and the mother against the child ; and when they looked to eat there was no fruit on their trees , and hunting for food took all their time , so that their life became narrower , not wider . ''
because there was not always food enough , a woman could give the only fruit to her child or her husband and eat death instead - could give them all , as you in your little narrow life of playing and - kissing and riding fishes have never done , nor shall do till you break the commandment .
ransom tried to convince her that children were fruit enough .
` ` it comes into my mind , stranger , '' she answered , ` ` that a fruit does not eat itself , and a man can not be together with himself . ''
` ` a fruit can not do that because it is only a fruit , '' said the un - man .
` ` a fruit can not do that because it is only a fruit , '' said the un - man .
and at that moment , far away ; on earth , as he now could not help remembering , men were at war , and white - faced subalterns and freckled corporals who had but lately begun to shave , stood in horrible gaps or crawled forward in deadly darkness , awaking , like him , to the preposterous truth that all really depended on their actions ; and far away in time horatius stood on the bridge , and constantine settled in his mind whether he would or would not embrace the new religion , and eve herself stood looking upon the forbidden fruit and the heaven of heavens waited for her decision .
although this was to be his last meal , he did not even now feel it proper to look for any favourite fruit .
there were rich clusters of a grape - like fruit glowing under the little pointed leaves , and he could reach them without getting up .
it was to reject the wave - to draw my hands out of maleldil 's , to say to him , ' not thus , but thus ' - to put in our own power what times should roll towards us ... as if you gathered fruits together today for tomorrow 's eating instead of taking what came .
the best fruits are plucked for each by some hand that is not his own . ''
and another said , ` ` it is loaded with justice as a tree bows down with fruit .
` ` the tree was planted in that world but the fruit has ripened in this .
the waters you have not floated on , the fruit you have not plucked , the caves into which you have not descended and the fire through which your bodies can not pass , do not await your coming to put on perfection , though they will obey you when you come .
some of the thinner and more delicate cords were beings that we call short - lived : flowers and insects , a fruit or a storm of rain , and once ( he thought ) a wave of the sea .
` ` it is like a fruit with a very thick shell , '' said tinidril .
his growing appetite for peaches surged - the blonde was a succulent fruit so beautiful , she made his teeth ache ... along with everything south of his waist .
can you have forgotten that funny old lilygloves , the chief mole , leaning on his spade and saying , ` believe me , your majesty , you 'll be glad of these fruit trees one day . '
to sleep under the stars , to drink nothing but well water and to live chiefly on nuts and wild fruit , was a strange experience for caspian after his bed with silken sheets in a tapestried chamber at the castle , with meals laid out on gold and silver dishes in the anteroom , and attendants ready at his call .
bear that has lived too much on other animals is not very nice , but bear that has had plenty of honey and fruit is excellent , and this turned out to be that sort of bear .
then bacchus and silenus and the maenads began a dance , far wilder than the dance of the trees ; not merely a dance for fun and beauty ( though it was that too ) but a magic dance of plenty , and where their hands touched , and where their feet fell , the feast came into existence sides of roasted meat that filled the grove with delicious smell , and wheaten cakes and oaten cakes , honey and many - coloured sugars and cream as thick as porridge and as smooth as still water , peaches , nectarines , pomegranates , pears , grapes , strawberries , raspberries pyramids and cataracts of fruit .
then ... '' he spread his hands and closed them together , as if squeezing the juice from a fruit .
tavi was sure they were getting close when they encountered the first active wax spiders , gliding silently through the glowing green pines in a row that stretched out into the distance to the north , like a line of ants trundling back and forth from their nest to a fallen fruit tree , each bearing a swollen bellyful of glowing green croach with it , partially visible through their translucent bodies .
he began cutting slowly upward , his knife opening the garment as readily as a boy might peel a fruit .
a man could n't be expected to get down to some serious wizarding , they held , without soup , fish , game , several huge plates of meat , a pie or two , something big and wobbly with cream on it , little savoury things on toast , fruit , nuts and a brick - thick mint with the coffee .
at the moment , the driver of a two - horse fruit wagon was holding the dean six inches in the air by the scruff of the dean 's robe and was threatening to push the dean 's face through the back of the dean 's head .
` ` hyperopia , goddess of shoes , thinks that sandelfon , god of corridors , is the long - lost twin brother of grune , god of unseasonal fruit .
one minute i ' m arthur winkings , a coming man in the wholesale fruit and vegetable business , next minute i find i ' m arthur , count notfaroutoe , owner of fifty acres of cliff face a goat 'd fall off of and a castle that even the cockroaches have abandoned and an invitation from the burgomaster to drop in down at the village one day and discuss three hundred years of back taxes . ''
one was full of fruit .
the other was half full of fruit and half full of small screaming child .
it was no life , or half - life or after - life or whatever it was , being a lower - middle - class wholesale fruit and vegetable merchant with an upper - class condition .
the trolley was suddenly not straining against the weight of a middle - aged wholesale , fruit and vegetable entrepreneur but only against a small terrified bat .
6 she walked more slowly than ever up elk , a street of small shops - dry - cleaning establishments , florists , delis with fruit displays out front on the sidewalk , stationers .
she finished with a goblet of jell - o in which bits of canned fruit floated like bugs in amber .
she peeled the piece of fruit and began to eat it slowly , looking out at the lake , which glimmered like a mirror on this still , rainy afternoon in may .
there were pictures all around it ( an old tinted photograph of st paul 's cathedral , a watercolor of fruit in a bowl , gondolas at dawn on the grand canal , a hunting print which showed a pack of the unspeakable chasing a pair of the uneatable across a misty english moor ) , but she hardly gave them a glance .
rosie nodded , thinking of the pictures which had surrounded hers on those dusty pawnshop shelves - gondolas in venice , fruit in bowls , dogs and foxes .
` ` there 's a cooler filled with evian water and fruit juices under the left side of the table , '' rhoda said .
she pulled out the biggest thing left in the bag , a two - pound can of fruit cocktail .
he made a hurried adjustment as the door opened , and when he looked up he saw the woman who 'd traded her fake diamond ring for a piece of bad art standing there with murder in her eyes and a can of what looked like fruit cocktail raised over her head .
the two of them stood looking at each other across the doorjamb of rosie 's second - floor room on tremont street , he with his bouquet of spring flowers from the shop two doors down on hitchens avenue , she with her two - pound can of fruit cocktail raised over her head , and although the pause could not have lasted more than two or three seconds , it seemed very long to him .
then , when i find out where she lives and go to see her - with a bouquet in my hand and my heart in my mouth , you might say - she comes this far from braining me with a can of fruit cocktail . ''
on the other hand , i do n't want her to be so scared she has to go to the door with a jumbo - sized can of fruit cocktail in her hand every time someone knocks .
maybe you 'll see something even more surprising than a lady getting ready to brain you with a can of fruit cocktail .
gather the seeds that you find in the fruit around the base of that tree , but do n't taste the fruit or even put the hand that touches the seeds into your mouth !
gather the seeds that you find in the fruit around the base of that tree , but do n't taste the fruit or even put the hand that touches the seeds into your mouth !
it was densely dressed in long , narrow leaves of polished green , and its branches hung heavy with a perfect bounty of reddish - purple fruit .
even those well advanced in rot looked almost unbearably sweet ; rosie 's mouth cramped pleasurably at the thought of picking up one of those fruits and biting deeply into it .
as she looked at the tree , one of the fruits ( to rosie it looked no more like a pomegranate than it looked like a bureau drawer ) dropped from an overloaded branch , struck the ground , and split open in rose madder folds of flesh .
not seeing the absurdity of believing one could become ill as the result of an excursion made in a dream , rosie knelt down just beyond the fallen fruit .
do n't taste the fruit , ` ` wendy '' had told her .
do n't taste the fruit or even put the hand that touches the seeds into your mouth !
she backed away from the tree standing in its circle of fallen fruit and spilled seeds .
she started down the path , then stopped and looked back at the single living tree with its shiny green leaves , its bounty of deadly reddish - purple fruit , and the classical fables subway entrance standing nearby .
after awhile they came into a clearing , and in the clearing was a single live tree , laden with fruit the color of rose madder 's chiton .
she knew somehow that the fruit of that tree was n't magic but horribly poisonous and she ran to him , wanting to stop him before he could bite into one of the tempting fruits .
she knew somehow that the fruit of that tree was n't magic but horribly poisonous and she ran to him , wanting to stop him before he could bite into one of the tempting fruits .
her troubling dream of bill and the poisoned fruit , her questions about where or how she might have come by the armlet , and her confused feelings about the picture she 'd bought , then unframed , then hidden away in the closet like a secret ... all these things faded behind a larger and more immediate concern : her date .
its boughs were weighted down with some weird fruit norman would n't touch even in a peanut - butter - and - jelly sandwich .
never mind that , though ; never mind the tree and its pissy - smelling fruit , either .
the skin was as black and rotten as the rinds of the fruits decaying into the earth around the base of the tree - the ones so far gone they were now on the verge of liquefying .
rose madder reached up as rosie watched and plucked a low - hanging fruit from the tree .
she squeezed it in her hand - a very human hand , and quite lovely save for the black and spiritous spots floating just beneath her skin - so that first the juice ran out of her fist in a rose madder stream and then the fruit itself broke open in a wet , dark - red furrow .
in her mind she heard dorcas telling her not to taste the fruit , or to even put the hand which touched the seeds into her mouth .
they tell me there are bone - trees there , too , with fruit like juicy meat - bones that drops off the trees when it 's ripe .
` ` put them in a basket of fruit and send them to a loved one , '' kress said , signing off .
she stared at ice as if he was the forbidden fruit .
her mouth glistened like some succulent pink fruit , and i knew that it held warm juice that would run down my mouth , my throat .
` ` once we brought sidhe to us like harvesting the fruits of the forest , '' frost said .
the story was that the spring had a fruit tree behind it , so that from the outside the tree was small like an apple tree espaliered against the stones , but if you knelt at the spring to drink or lay offerings , then the tree rose above you and there was a glimpse of meadows behind it .
images of fruit and flowers covered the wood , and peeking out of that lovely tangle of vines and leaves were the faces of men .
there was a dog on one side of her , and a tree heavy with fruit on the other .
the press of her lips was like touching the skin of some delectable fruit , where the skin lies thin and ripe against your mouth .
the heat melded into the honeyed sweetness of the fruit , and i could feel the summer sun caressing the thick , glowing skins of the plums as they hung heavy on the tree .
the heavy summer heat clung to our skin , filled the world with the drowning scent of fruit , so ripe , so heavy that it was ready to burst its thick silken skin , ready to give up its meat to the sun 's caress and the drowsy hum of bees .
the fruit held itself in a perfect moment of readiness , the breath of absolute perfection .
the mist smelled damp , dank , but over it all i could still smell the scent of fruit , perfect , waiting .
i knew also that if my magic had been different , there would have been different fruit upon this tree , and i was glad that i could call the seelie court to my blood .
small couches , chaises , and chairs were arranged around low tables set with goblets and platters of fruit .
men and women , again dressed in sort of a goth - renaissance style , draped themselves on the furniture and on each other , picking idly at the fruit as they watched me .
heavy apple trees laden with fruit clustered in corners , and in the air , i could just faintly smell a bonfire and mulling spices .
like the other trees i 'd seen , these were filled with fruit .
i loaded up a paper plate with a hamburger , potato salad , and some kind of weird jell - o - fruit - whipped - cream hybrid dessert .
people and animals moved around us , and across a walkway i could see my father talking to a fruit vendor .
i was n't dana 's first taste of forbidden fruit .
to his credit , peter sent me home with some chocolate fondue sauce and a tupperware bowl filled with fruit and marshmallows .
he reached for his drink - a peach - colored monstrosity with enough sliced fruit for a salad in it - and took a sip .
` ` you 're not the first sidhe woman to want to sample forbidden fruit . ''
her lips were cool , pliant , sweeter than all the fruits of the earth .
whether it was because she 'd been his forbidden fruit for so long , or if she was simply different from other human women , he did n't know .
the advantages of the sale discovered themselves one by one like ripe fruit dropping into the hand .
the woman led her along a brick path beside a wall on which fruit trees were growing , and then to the left along a mossy path with gooseberry bushes on each side .
he was always muzzled out of doors , not because there was any fear of his becoming dangerous but because of his partiality for fruit and for the sweeter kinds of vegetables .
laden like heavy barges that glide nearly gunwale under , laden so heavily you would have thought it could not move , laden with ponderous fragrance of night - scented flowers , sticky gums , groves that drop odours , and with cool savour of midnight fruit , it stirred the curtains , it lifted a letter that lay on the table , it lifted the hair which had a moment before been plastered on merlin 's forehead .
after that it raised head and trunk again and brayed horribly , then plunged straight forward into the room , trumpeting and trampling - continuously trampling like a girl treading grapes , heavily and soon wetly trampling in a mash of blood and bones , of flesh , wine , fruit , and sodden table - cloth .
a fruit , from the tropics .
so at last we came to the top of a mountain i 'd never seen before and on the top of this mountain there was a garden - trees and fruit and everything .
there were flagons of gold and silver and curiouslywrought glass ; and the smell of the fruit and the wine blew towards them like a promise of all happiness .
reepicheep ran forward , jumped on a chair and thence on to the table , and ran along it , threading his way as nimbly as a dancer between jewelled cups and pyramids of fruit and - ivory salt - cellars .
but lucy , looking out from between the wings of the birds that covered her , saw one bird fly to the old man with something in its beak that looked like a little fruit , unless it was a little live coal , which it might have been , for it was too bright to look at .
` ` but it would n't be enough to affect a tiny fruit fly.now take a real drink . ''
standing in the banquet doorway , i gazed upon the feast.table after table was loaded with roasted pheasant , succulent baked fish , glazed sweet potatoes , bread , figs , dates , nuts , fruit and honey.rows of oil lamps adorned each table , lighting the room with soft , flickering light.dancers danced , flutes played and everyone in this room was merry , even though they knew that tomorrow , octavian would arrive.perhaps they were merry because of that very thing.he had n't arrived yet .
but the dragon gloated upon the hoard and lay coiled upon it , and the fame of that great treasure of golden vessels and of unwrought gold that lay by the caves above the stream fared far and wide about ; yet the great worm slept before it , and evil thoughts he had as he pondered the planting of his cunning lies and the sprouting thereof and their growth and fruit , and fumes of smoke went up from his nostrils as he slept .
there stood also a cluster of goodly houses of timber , and a tilth was about them and trees of fruit .
but idril fell into a dark mood and the light of her face was clouded , and many wondered thereat ; yet turgon reduced the watch and ward to its ancient numbers , and to somewhat less , and as autumn came and the gathering of fruits was over folk turned with glad hearts to the feasts of winter : but tuor stood upon the battlements and gazed upon the encircling hills .
comes never there but one lone star that fled before the moon ; and there the two trees naked are that bore night 's silver bloom , that bore the globed fruit of noon in valinor .
while i , alone , look out behind the moon from in my white and windy tower , ye bide no moment and await no hour , but go with solemn song and harpers ' tune through the dark shadows and the shadowy seas to the last land of the two trees , whose fruit and flower are moon and sun , where light of earth is ended and begun .
prelude in unknown days my fathers ' sires came , and from son to son took root among the orchards and the river - meads and the long grasses of the fragrant plain : many a summer saw they kindle yellow fires of iris in the bowing reeds , and many a sea of blossom turn to golden fruit in walled gardens of the great champain .
in unknown days my fathers ' sires came , and from son to son took root among the orchards and the river - meads and the long grasses of the fragrant plain : many a summer saw they kindle yellow fires of flaglilies among the bowing reeds , and many a sea of blossom turn to golden fruit in walled gardens of the great champain .
perhaps , tessa thought angrily , there 's something in this arranged marriage business ... my mother certainly would n't have chosen colin for me ... parminder was shoving bowls of cut fruit across the table for pudding .
howard kept him busy heaving milk and fruit juices up and down the steep cellar steps , and swabbing the floor of the small kitchen area at the back .
terri and krystal never bought fruit .
she hauled overstuffed bags of fruits and vegetables onto the kitchen countertop , oblivious to cassie 's mood .
he would provide ponies for each of them , and a horse for gandalf , for their journey to the forest , and he would lade them with food to last them for weeks with care , and packed so as to be as easy as possible to carry - nuts , flour , sealed jars of dried fruits , and red earthenware pots of honey , and twice - baked cakes that would keep good a long time , and on a little of which they could march far .
wriggling along the branch ( which made all the poor dwarves dance and dangle like ripe fruit ) he reached the first bundle .
bard had rebuilt the town in dale and men had gathered to him from the lake and from south and west , and all the valley had become tilled again and rich , and the desolation was now filled with birds and blossoms in spring and fruit and feasting in autumn .
cassie watched each generation of suzan 's family grow from the tree like blossoming fruit .
chris directed his attention to the bowl of fruit on diana 's coffee table .
he focused his attention on the fruit as well .
of him comes the lore and knowledge of the earth and of an things that it contains : whether the lore of those that make not , but seek only for the understanding of what is , or the lore of an craftsmen : the weaver , the shaper of wood , and the worker in metals ; and the tiller and husbandman also , though these last and all that deal with things that grow and bear fruit must look also to the spouse of aule , yavanna kementari .
long in the growing , swift shall they be in the felling , and unless they pay toll with fruit upon bough little mourned in their passing .
and even as it was then the delight of the valar ( as is told in the ainulindale ) to clothe themselves as in a vesture in the forms of the children of iluvatar , so also did they eat and drink , and gather the fruits of yavanna from the earth , which under eru they had made .
therefore yavanna set times for the flowering and the ripening of all things mat grew in valinor ; and at each first gathering of fruits manwe made a high feast for the praising of eru , when all the peoples of valinor poured forth their joy in music and song upon taniquetil .
but the flower and the fruit yavanna gave to aule , and manwe hallowed them , and aule and his people made vessels to hold them and preserve their radiance : as is said in the narsilion , the song of the sun and moon .
isil the sheen the vanyar of old named the moon , flower of telperion in valinor ; and anar the fire - golden , fruit of laurelin , they named the sun .
yet the seeds that he had planted still grew and sprouted , bearing evil fruit , if any would tend them .
but those that lived turned the more eagerly to pleasure and revelry , desiring ever more goods and more riches ; and after the days of tar - ancalimon the offering of the first fruits to eru was neglected , and men went seldom any more to the hallow upon the heights of meneltarma in the midst of the land .
at that time nimloth was dark and bore no bloom , for it was late in the autumn , and its winter was nigh ; and isildur passed through the guards and took from the tree a fruit that hung upon it , and turned to go .
but isildur came at last hardly back to romenna and delivered the fruit to the hands of amandil , ere his strength failed him .
then the fruit was planted in secret , and it was blessed by amandil ; and a shoot arose from it and sprouted in the spring .
the white tree was grown from the fruit of nimloth the fair that stood in the courts of the bang at armenelos in numenor , ere sauron burned it ; and nimloth was in its turn descended from the tree of tirion , that was an image of the eldest of trees , white telperion which yavanna caused to grow in the land of the valar .
the tree , memorial of the eldar and of the light of valinor , was planted in minas ithil before the house of isildur , since he it was that had saved the fruit from destruction ; but the stones were divided .
at coldmoat you would have your fill of warm pink meat and sweet fruit tarts .
' what are all the fruit salads and leaves and things ? '
` ` land of fruits and nuts , they say .
now , as i looked closer , i could see bright red fruit weighing them down .
the audience chamber itself was open to the air , hung with graceful light draperies , the fragrance of peaches rising from a heaped bowl of golden fruit .
laurence was silent ; he picked up one of the hard little yellow fruits that had fallen unripe , and rolled it in his hands .
she 's mine ; fruit of my own body .
and so they brought me into a cool parlour with an arched roof , where there was a table set out with fruit and wine .
such fruits as never - but you shall see .
they gave me fruit , they gave me wine - ` ` ` ` the voices gave you ? ''
it was clean and empty and there were none of the common temple smells about it , so that i thought it must belong to one of those small peaceful gods who are content with flowers and fruit for sacrifice .
but this was only a small and vanishing shadow on his general complacency of spirit : his throat did not hurt quite so much , and gong su was now making another pot of soup , which temeraire expected to enjoy a great deal in the morning - flavored this time with the small yellow fruits of one of the bushes which temeraire had torn up ; tharkay had pointed it out as having been harvested a little by the aborigines , he thought , and an experimental taste had not caused any discomfort : a little sweetness , and a strong flavor rather like tomatoes , although they looked more nearly like raisins .
but all concerns laurence might have had and all his planning were by the next morning overturned : on the tide , a small fleet of vessels began to come into the harbor : more of the macassan praus armed with their narrow sleek canoes , but these bringing in great heaps of ripe tropical fruit and carved wooden vessels to be carefully unloaded onto the shore and added to the other stores already under shelter .
the smell of roasted sesame ; and the women were hulling exquisitely ripe longan fruits directly inside the pavilion , and heaping them into enormous bowls : the greatest self - restraint was called for , and temeraire was not sure if he could have managed it , but for the coming occasion .
granby was seated beside her , of course , and while she sighed in satisfaction over the elaborately layered dish of cassowary and crab and fruit , the american sea - captain leaned over from his own place , three seats down , and said to granby , ` ` i do n't suppose you ever go wanting a tea - kettle .
as the other containers were emptied of their deliveries , many of the goods which had been left and unloaded over the past week were now transferred within , in their place : the heaps of trepang now dried and smoked ; the sweetly fragrant ripe fruit , each bundled separate into a little wrapping of paper - ` ` they mean to ship fruit ? ''
as the other containers were emptied of their deliveries , many of the goods which had been left and unloaded over the past week were now transferred within , in their place : the heaps of trepang now dried and smoked ; the sweetly fragrant ripe fruit , each bundled separate into a little wrapping of paper - ` ` they mean to ship fruit ? ''
` ` good god , '' laurence said , comprehensively , and temeraire had to feel that for his own part , he should have rather had six silver coins than one piece of fruit , which might as easily be spoilt as not , and in any case would not even make a bite .
` ` but , '' he said wistfully , thinking of the great treasure - chambers at the emperor 's court , which his mother had shown him on their visit , ` ` perhaps if one has so very many silver coins that one can not look at them all and enjoy them , one might rather have a piece of fruit ; and then one might eat it and think , that is the taste of six silver coins . ''
temp had warned them not to wander into the jungle after the sweet odor of fruit , they had ignored him , and one of the rats , mange , had been swallowed up by a carnivorous pod .
large fish stuffed with grain and herbs , tiny vegetables arranged in geometric patterns , steaming braided bread studded with fruit , paper - thin piles of roast beef , and ripred 's favorite , that shrimp in cream sauce .
as punishment , he had to stand in a pool of water beneath a tree of luscious fruit .
when he reached for the fruit , the branches rose out of his reach . ''
along the upper lips of the pods hung round , rosy fruit .
that same moment , mange leaned his front paws on the lower lip of a pod and raised his head toward the delectable fruit .
` ` mange said the fruit we found was edible .
when she released the hem , a bunch of round yellowish fruit fell to the ground .
gregor received four pieces of yellow fruit .
she grabbed his hand and pulled the fruit to her mouth and gobbled it up . ` `
at first he mistook them for flowers or some of the enticing fruit that hung from the vines .
but flowers did n't blink and fruit did n't roll around to follow your movements .
but the trees required little care and produced fruit almost continually .
when i was a pup , i remember , it was a great treat to go to the garden , '' said ripred , ` ` to eat the apples , to sleep in the caves surrounding it , which smelled as sweet as the fruit . ''
' i could toy fitfully with a little fruit , ' said the professor of recondite phenomena .
' the fruit trolley as well .
she indicated a bowl of small black things on the tray , each one pierced with a cocktail stick , and said slightly hopelessly , ' and do try the rat fruit . '
' what part of a rat is its fruit ? '
all this was , to glenda 's annoyance , addressed to juliet , who was eating rat fruit as if there was no tomorrow , which presumably there had not been for the rat .
she 'd tried a rat fruit , that was the trouble , she was sure of it .
oh , fruit off stalls , but everyone knew that did n't count , and picking a toff 's pocket was just a case of social redistribution , everyone knew that , too , and maybe you found something that looked lost , well , someone would pick it up , so why not you ?
' my dear lady , anyone drunk enough to let wizards , who themselves had just been partaking copiously of the fruit of the vine , i might add , take anything out of him would already be so drunk as to be dead .
it was later agreed that , in a footballing context , mysteriously appearing fruit should have been greeted with a certain amount of caution .
glenda , up in the stand , wondered if she was the only one to have seen the startlingly yellow fruit in its trajectory and then saw , looking up at her from the crowd , with a big grin on her face , mrs atkinson , mother of tosher , himself something of an unguided weapon .
dried beans , dried fruit , everything . ''
what do you think her policy will be regarding house traemane 's fruit orchards ?
the walls were hung with tasteful still - life paintings - a bowl of fruit on the wall behind the bar , a vase of flowers on the wall opposite it .
` ` our time in this city does seem to lack fruit , '' corele agreed .
` ` they have many agents among us , like worms eating the fruit out from the core .
and during the night , every single one of them had shed their fruit .
maybe he should start having fruit for a proper breakfast , as faile said .
i see trees , growing green again , bearing fruit .
he could remember crushing lathin 's neck with his teeth , the warm blood bursting into his mouth as if he 'd bitten into a fruit .
they were kept well supplied with drinks and small dishes of meats and fruits in the sitting room .
the fern - like trees with their spreading fans of leaves were familiar as well , though those had deep black fruits hanging from them now .
the large fruits caused the leaves to droop .
` ` you will know the fruits i have harvested , moridin '' , demandred said , voice low .
orchards without fruit .
the bulk of the tower 's aes sedai and soldiers camped in tents on the field of merrilor while she dined on fruit , no matter how old , and slept in a comfortable bed ?
curious , he walked up to a stand where a woman sold fruit .
i am renel , and my shop is a second home to all seeking the finest of fruits from around the world .
as she did , a grubby hand appeared from under the fruit stand - an urchin hid underneath , a young boy that rand had not noticed earlier .
the little boy snatched a red fruit of a type rand did not recognize , then dashed off .
people moved around him in the flow of traffic , though somebody - a man with many guards - did scoop up the piece of fruit .
` ` were you looking for any type of fruit in particular ? ''
avoid the fruit . ''
hence , the fruit .
we followed the road down into the soft valley , soon passing between groves of fruit trees and even bigger stands of olive trees , and past the best fields i 'd ever seen .
some people even had plants in pots on their roofs , small fruit trees and plants i did n't know .
but the women were ready , with all the food prepared ahead of time , and it was a feast of dried fish that had been plumped in wine and then roasted , together with dates , nuts i 'd never tasted before , and fresh fruit from the farmland around us , as well as plenty of olives and other splendid things .
the oldest olives no longer bore fruit , and some were hollowed out , big hulking gray sentinels with wild young trees taking root in their emptied trunks .
but for a moment it was possible to forget the drought , to look at the shimmering sheet of water , or the fruit glistening on the trees , fresh with droplets from a slave 's pitcher , and think that the world outside was n't parched and dying .
` ` i did this to myself , put the sea between him and me , put the world between me and the woman he marries and the fruit of her womb , i did this . ''
men were busy bringing in baskets of fruit .
silent hannah came up from the market with a small basket , heaped with fruit and bread .
bring forth fruits of repentance before you come to me .
every tree that does not bear good fruit will be cut down , and cast into the fire ! ''
great platters of food appeared , steam rising from the roasted lamb , the glistening fruit , the hot spiced cakes and honey cakes , the piles of raisins and dates and nuts .
blessed art thou among women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , jesus . ''
it seemed even more shriveled than before , and to be darkening slightly like a piece of fruit ripening into decay .
never once seen the great hairy beast pick up a human being as if it were a weightless mannequin and decapitate it as though pulling a fat chunk of overripe fruit off a crackling stem .
she picked up one of the old lace - trimmed linen napkins that lay in a little fan - shaped display near her , near to a plate of fruit and candies , and she dabbed at her eyes with this , and then clenched it tightly in her hand .
the soft white french cheeses , plates of candies , fruits .
he did not touch the bits of fruit on the small plate in front of him .
there were steaming bowls of red and golden fruit sauce , and even fresh orange slices sparkling on lettuce , and an egregious whipped - cream ambrosia filled with all manner of chopped fruit .
there were steaming bowls of red and golden fruit sauce , and even fresh orange slices sparkling on lettuce , and an egregious whipped - cream ambrosia filled with all manner of chopped fruit .
lisa stocked the refrigerator for him with yogurt , fresh fruit , avocados , tomatoes , and all the raw stuff he ate all day .
and so it went on , toast after toast , as the fowl and the meat were devoured , and at last the table was cleared by all hands as naturally as it had always been done here , and the fresh fruits and the cheeses were laid out with the more egregious and stunning chocolate desserts and german pastries .
when the doorbell rang , it was room service with a tray of fruit and cheese - the usual fare in such suites - from the manager of the hotel .
consuming a human head was a bit like tackling a large and thick - skinned piece of fruit .
i began devouring the bread , then the cheese and fruit , not stopping until i was almost done , at which point , i finally looked up .
the entire estate was ` ` grecian spa meets the four seasons , '' complete with private beach , tennis court , helicopter pad , twenty - foot - high fountains , and lush fruit trees .
as we neared a small fruit orchard overlooking the ocean , another large structure - with soaring pillars , large doorways , and more flowers - came into view .
` ` the non - slave women must make an offering of grain , fruit , and wine to the gods so they will bless our crops in the next planting season . ''
he ordered a day 's worth of food - wine , fruit , bread , and cheese - my favorite meal of all time - and instructed the guards to ensure we would n't be bothered until further notice .
the liquid inside was disconcertingly red , like fruit punch , and kind of oozed inside the glass instead of sloshing .
hell , rufus was the most hard - line , antidirty - magic guy i knew , but even he thought i was crazy for spending more to buy produce from farms that did n't use potions to fertilize their vegetables and fruits .
` ` forbidden fruit is the sweetest . ''
garlands of ino - ino fruits beckoned from the branches like enormous dandelions .
together they watched as the thousands of tiny white fireflies spilled from the puffy dandelions of the ino - ino fruits and danced on the night breeze .
another , smaller round table held a flagon of wine , a pair of goblets , a bowl of fruit , and a platter of assorted meats and cheeses .
he had fresh fruit and vegetables the year round .
the pantry was stocked with cans of fruit and vegetables , rice , potted meat , potato chips , peanut butter , pickles , and bottled water .
there were two loaves of moldy bread and rotted fruit as well , but i could n't stop staring at the potatoes .
we were in silverlake , georgia : land of shotgun houses and trailer parks , an all - white county park , peach trees with fruit like drooping tits , and summers that slapped you in the face like a dog 's tongue .
the vegetables were stewed cabbage , carrots , potatoes , corn and the fruits were to numerous to count .
all types could be found soups , meats , breads , vegetables , fruits , wines and ales .
off we went , therefore , to immerse ourselves in silks and muslins , gloves and fans and buckles and ribbons ; straw hats adorned with highly - colored fruits and flowers ; self - important dress - makers with decisive but respectful opinions and exhausted minions staggering under the weight of pattern - books ; a shoe - maker who was strangely astonished , and not a little disappointed , to find that my mother desired him to make for us several pairs of shoes , rather than to pay him to instruct us in how to do so ourselves : a most peculiar bit of whimsy , which has apparently begun to gain popularity in certain quarters .
remember , it will be years before you get a decent amount of fruit .
by then sally had woken up , but he had convinced her to linger in bed which she did while he found leftover meat , bread , fruit and other dishes down in the root cellar and had brought all of it up , setting the table and readying it for the guests .
for all the richness of the food there were no vegetables , though many types of fruit , the centre of the feast was meat , except on fridays , for religious rules were obeyed strictly .
there was every kind of fish , fowl , pastry , bread , fruit and even comfits , though rare delicacies like marzipan were kept from the public .
now learn herein with stanzas seven the end result will lead to heaven fruit of life - one filled with strife - and born with ardor for each soul when timed to ripe ( one need endure ) .
` ` lord pemberley 's mistress is rumored to be doing her famous ' forbidden fruit ' act tonight .
monks could often be found constructing monastic buildings , or in the barley fields of iona , fence building , grain threshing , fruit gathering or milking .
the monks there grow all sorts of vegetables and fruits .
` ` vegetables and fruits ?
the juice from the fruit dripped down her chin and it was the most delicious thing she had tasted in months .
agatha shrugged and popped the rest of the berry into her mouth , savoring the sun - sweetened fruit .
she unfolded a large square of heavy linen to reveal an intricate pattern of animals and fruit trees .
no one can eat the fruit of my kingdom and escape !
we need them to believe that we are good , else they will reject us like a bitter fruit .
we 'll continue stockpiling fruit and grain until xerxes is on our doorstep .
all stood on a white stone floor among trellises of grapevines , plump , purple fruit in bunches glistening in sunlight .
sophocles ' small , unfettered penis and plump , tightly grouped testicles , glistening fruit , was an image virginity - loving melaina could never purge .
as they came into the entryway , a cornucopia of dates , nuts , figs , and dried fruit was upended and showered over melaina , whose face was protected by her veil .
kleito spoke words of departure while giving melaina a supply of kakhry , fruit of the herb libanotis .
for them , helios shines in meadows red with roses , shaded by the incense tree laden with golden fruit .
soft breezes buffeted about , lofting limbs of trees laden with fall 's first fruits .
at least the meal , consisting of whiting with an oyster sauce , capon stuffed with lemons and followed by a fruit tart , had been of a higher standard than julia had thought possible , and she was relieved the household obviously had a cook who knew her profession .
luncheon was a lavish affair in the main cabin , of cold cuts , hot pies , tarts , puddings and fruit with a savoury to follow , and biscuits and cheese , all to be washed down with punch , claret , hock and port , with lemonade and ginger beer provided for the youngsters .
when sir charles had seen susanna bestowed in a chair near the window and served with fruit and cake both , he sat down and rubbed his hands together with a pleased gesture .
the bed , carved of dark mahogany and surely a family possession of many generations , was likewise hung with red velvet curtains , the bed itself covered with a counterpane of cream - colored damask silk , while against one wall stood a massive writing desk of jacobean design , carved and adorned with intricate inlays of fruit and vines .
put those down , christineyou ca nt sing with your mouth full of fruit .
she snatched at the bowl of fruit , which he held easily out of her reach .
there was a bowl of fruit on a table near him , and i came to stand before him .
the bishop applied himself to his fruit , giving it all his attention , and i stammered .
if it were to be done , it were best it were done quickly ; i went back to the room in brecon , this time with morton sat by the window , this time with no fruit before him and no thomas standing guiltily by .
others were merchants dealing in potatoes , hops , flax , and oats from the fields , fruit from the orchards ; hemp for fabricating rope and leather to vilna and through the port of danzig to places far away .
a lot of people have fruit , especially apple and cherry , trees , too .
but he quickly accepted the notion , let them in to sit at his table , and fed them a big meal of fresh bread , fruit , hot soup , and cooked potatoes , the best dinner they d had in two years .
platters of bread , fruit , cheese and honeycakes covered the table in front of me and a roasted haunch of meat lay on a vast wooden plank near the fire pit , oozing with delicious juices .
she started down into the valley and soon met a group of women and young children coming back from berrying , their baskets overflowing with dark red and purple fruit .
* * * beneath sironas feet the bracken and cane brake was a dull bronze , and as she passed a blackthorn bush , she saw that the plants bluish fruits were almost gone , picked clean by birds and squirrels .
a silver chalice of fresh fruit appeared beside hawksworth , brimming with mangoes , oranges larger than he had ever before seen , slices of melon , and other unknown fruits of varied colors .
a silver chalice of fresh fruit appeared beside hawksworth , brimming with mangoes , oranges larger than he had ever before seen , slices of melon , and other unknown fruits of varied colors .
there were carved baked fruits ; tiny balls of meat flaked with spice and coconut ; fried vegetables surrounded by silver cups of a pastel green sauce ; large flat fish encased in dark baking shells flecked with red and green spices ; and a virtual aviary of wild fowl , from small game birds to plump pea hens .
the server dished hearty helpings from each bowl onto separate porcelain plates , together with mounds of almond rice and jellied fruits .
mukarrab khan looked up and took a goblet of fruit nectar from a waiting servant .
mukarrab khan watched absently as more brimming trays were brought in , these piled with candied fruits and sweetmeats .
hawksworth turned , still puzzling , back to mukarrab khan and waved away the brown ballwhich the governor immediately washed down himself with fruit nectar .
silently the servants stripped away his light wrap and began to knead his body and his hair with a fragrant powder , a blend of wood bark and some astringent fruit .
beyond lay geometrical arbors of fruit - laden trees mangoes , apples , pears , lemons , and even oranges .
the rows of trees spread out in perfect regularity , squared as carefully as the columns of the palace verandas and organized by species of fruit .
the dharma of the seed is to bear fruit .
only hawksworth stood firm , as even nadir sharif could not resist scooping up several of the foil replicas of nuts , fruits , and spices that scattered on the carpet around them .
it was filled with fruits and melons .
others bore gold and silver vessels containing cosmetics and toiletriescollyrium , kohl , musky perfumesand plates of sweets , betel leaves tied with strings of gold , and a confectionary of dried fruits and preserves .
he had announced he wanted to stroll among the fruit trees in the courtyard of the anguri bagh , which lay down the marble steps from the khas mahal , the breezy upper pavilion of the zenana .
` ` the first is for fruit and melons .
some , like the one for fruits and melons , were raised on a platform above the ground , while others were two - story , with an interior stair .
the meal concluded with dried fruits which had been sugared and perfumed , followed by mouth - freshening pan , the betel leaves wrapped around spiced bhang , currants , sweet imported coconut .
between the fields of sterile cane he had found and tasted the fruits of the sacred earth .
there were groves of wild figs , their dark fruit luscious and astringent , and plump coconuts , their tender core as rich as any in yorubaland .
along the shore were stands of sea - grape trees , with a sweet purple fruit biting to the tongue .
the crowd had jeered and thrown things , thrown fruit and garbage and abuse to do with animals .
rich , but to gather its fruits is nt to stroll along behind your flock and herd with milk and meat laid on .
if he had any doubt at all that this innocent - seeming young woman was wearing no stays , the sight of her cheerfully slicing fruit and cheese in the lamplight in her damp dress answered definitively that she was not .
she pressed her lips together , silencing herself as she took an apple and began slicing it , wielding the knife with a stroke that cleaved the fruit cleanly into halves , then quarters , then eighths .
he turned slowly to savor the sight of her , jaw agape , frozen in surprise with a bowl of fruit cradled in her arms , as if for protection .
the bowl of fruit she had held struck him in the chest , taking his breath away .
perhaps some of the fruits of anderlin 's gardens would be welcome to mother , daughter , and grandfather .
her hand reached up , unbidden , and plucked a fruit .
a beautiful common girl who sold fruit in the city .
her family owned and operated a fruit and vegetable stand , a large wagon they pushed out from their modest home early in the morning , onto the street .
it was very normal and proper for someone like him to buy a piece of fruit .
virina accepted the fruit but remained silent .
soon enough , hands passed around bowls and reached greedily for fruits and vegetables .
they brought acorn meal and fruit to give to the strangers and the weapons they used to hunt with , mostly out of habit and not with any thought of self defense as they saw no reason to expect danger to come from people who looked similar to them .
the fresh fruit and acorn meal they brought aboard was handed forward and eagerly grabbed up by the men .
they carried beads , baskets , obsidian rocks , tar , acorn bread and fruits .
after endless commercials for angelenos to buy cars on credit and others with schemes to eliminate debt and avoid bankruptcy , the headline news came on with two charming talking heads exchanging sentences as they read from their prompters with an ominous soundtrack backing them up : terror strikes as lapd launches a citywide manhuntthe president arrives in vietnam on his asian touris fruit juice causing your childs obesity ? and are your tax dollars going to waste in caring for the poor ?
well , lets see , skittles make me thirsty ; i can wiggle my ears ; i m right handed , but kick with my left foot ; i do nt like fruit in my yogurt and romance books are the only times where i do nt read the last chapter first .
they d stood in a clearing , a thicket of raspberry bushes dripping with ruby - colored fruit framing a view of the river , the water dazzled by sunlight .
it was hard work , paddling twelve hours a day , eating little more than pemmican , a form of dried deer or buffalo , and what berries , nuts and other fruits of the forest he could scavenge .
daisy and priscilla were given a table close to the window , and priscilla ordered a pot of earl grey and two fruit buns .
evie liked the noise coming from the fruit and veg sellers that stood in the cobbled street in the middle of the market , shouting out their wares and making saucy remarks to the housewives who passed them .
on the previous day - gehazi received first fruits and vegetables from elishas woman - friend in shunem village .
they had just gathered the first fruits , as well as the first harvest of their barley and wheat .
yes , like the presentation of the first fruits before the calf priests .
she wants to delude the god believers here , that she had repented to god , at least to the god symbolized by the calflets get in , with our first fruits and vegetables baskets and wheats sack .
the presents - offerings of first fruits would be rendered on it to the priests , who were standing thereby , facing the people who were waiting on line , bearing their baskets or sacks whatever they contained - on their shoulders .
the fruits have already begun to rotten .
he should see how many god believers want to fulfill moses commandment of first fruits offerings .
he turned to gehazi in frustration , but had not left the line of first fruits carriers .
inside the hall was small table on the left , on which there was a jar of water and some fruits put in a colored plate .
on the simple table there were jugs of wine and plates full of seasonal washed out fruits .
very good fruits - this year , she said to abner .
you know well , how much of our fruits and wheat had been lost recently .
you wanted to incite judea , to make our country fall as a ripe fruit in our enemys hands !
they were chewing the remainders of grey grass , and goats were peeling a young trees trunk or remnants of rotten fruits and vegetables .
recently we have not tasted any fruits .
they were searching food inside heaps of rotten fruits and vegetables , and remnants of butchered sheep , thrown there by neighbors of the temple .
also two candles were inside- which illuminated some fruits and a jug of water on a stones stool , that the high priest supplied for elyakims use .
the cold winds in the winter the pleasant summer sun the ripe fruits in the garden he made them every one .
several damson trees , heavy with fruit , hid the ruined village from sight , and looking northwards there was no sign that anything had changed .
the woman came round belligerently from behind her stall and was about to call for help , when she saw amys circumstances and bid her go on her way after pressing another piece of fruit into her hand .
sometimes its bittersweet chocolate , at others , pieces of dried fruit , like figs .
that gave me time to call room service and have a couple trays of chilled vegetables and chilled fruit sent up along with wine .
what wine goes with vegetables and fruit ?
we drank more wine , ate fruit , kissed , laughed , and laughed some more .
the chronology went something like this : 1721 jolliet brings down one boat with some corn and fruit .
they waved , shouted welcome or thanks , and showered us with cool drinks and cookies and fruit .
then she proceeded to stuff him with chicken and dumplings , maple carrots , pickled pears , stewed fruit , butterbeans , two kinds of pickles , warm apple crisp , corn bread , fresh greens with hot bacon dressing and real coffee with real cream .
the fruit trees she planted with her own hands would bear fruit a full two years before others planted at the same time .
through its broad leaves , sunlight dazzled as if suns hung like fruit from its limbs .
carrying pomegranate winekhufus favorite fruit because it bites backtheormi padded toward five of the princes huddling behind a pillar near a corner .
he reached to a ripe fruit but the package was in that hand .
with the other hand , the god - king broke off a fruit .
any worm cripples the best fruit .
she held out the stones as if they were foul fruit .
they set him on the bed , and at once an odor from him , thick and foul like spoiled fruit , washed over her .
bring us fruits , wine and red fish .
come enjoy my fruit .
theormi placed a second fruit on her tongue .
taharqa struck the tip of his tongue at the fruit on his palm .
he then spat out the fruit and backed away from its landing spot .
the rotten fruit slithered down his shoulder .
for the time , he would cooperate , but taking orders from a woman sat like rotted fruit in his stomach .
so carefully that not a single crumb of sugar fell off the fruit .
still , if the fortress falls , london would be like a bright fruit ready to be plucked from a branch .
gently i sat her down on a watermelon next to a mans fruit stand .
now suddenly some farmer grows a fruit that is part orange and part peach .
maybe it looks good on the outside but inside its not sweet , or maybe it is better than both of the other fruits individually .
half way to the monastery he met a hermit who just came from the market with basket filled with fruit and vegetables .
after verena had finished the nativity story everybody went back to the orphanage where they ate some of the delicious scones verena and catherine had baked from sweet bread and fruits .
they are using holy soil to grow their fruits and vegetables , said jack who was surrounded by white smoke .
the fruit of the tree of life is growing strongly in our midst .
there will be plenty of fruit bestowed on all of us .
our prayers are the soil for the holy spirit to produce fruit , said the abbot moving the rod into the air as if he was warning somebody .
the liquor we made from last years fruit is strong , replied jack in an angry voice .
fruit trees grew in the fields .
when he finished all the bread , he grabbed a basket of fruit from the wagon .
by their fruit you will recognize them !
the monks from the monastery of saint mary brought big baskets filled with bread , cheese and fruit to the crowd .
as they throw rocks or rotten fruit at me .
there were flowers everywhere , and the tables were covered with fruits and meats , breads , cheeses , and tarts .
we still have oats at home , but we are low on spices and out of dried fruits .
father and galadriel sit at the table across from one another , dining on bread , cheese , wine , nuts , and an assortment of dried fruits .
the fruit and vegetable stands are filled with jams , jellies , and all manner of pickled items .
* * * though we work as slowly as we can without rousing grandfather noahs suspicions , over the next days we cart dozens of sacks of grain , barrels of dried fruit and salted meat , and bales of hay to the ark .
this does nt make sense : we spoil aliye with bits of our bread and dried fruit , and while the rest of the animals are suffering , she should be plump .
osprey pretended that it had weighted down his arms , as he opened the brown wrap and saw the bits of red candied fruit that ribbed the dark crust in a circular design .
i follow his eyes and there she is , hanging like hellish fruit , impaled on the tree by the explosion .
what seed when planted in earth bears fruit nevermore ?
the wind , as if taking the blame , sighed through the higher branches and a fruit toppled and hit the ground not far from her : see , i told you so .
he took out the bread , the cheese , the nuts , and the two fruits he had brought , and spread them out on the ground .
and so , the seeing and knowing entered htins hut and then sat down to cups of strong tea and sweet fruit i am here , said myo .
and searching she found several ripe fruits on the ground , which she gathered , one after the other , in her sari .
one morning after his breakfast of cheese , bread , and fruit , aristippus wiped his face and arms with a cloth from a basin of water a slave brought to his room .
the pleasant scents of ripened fruits and vegetables flirted with his nose and palate .
fresh fish from the port and seasonal fruits and vegetables from the market filled the tables .
open stalls displayed a colored cornucopia of fruits and vegetables ; freshly caught fish swam in barrels of sea water ; terra - cotta jars filled with wine or oils sat in rows ; and the rolls of multihued red , gold , green and blue cloth spilled out over tables .
on a day in early summer , phidias sat in the sun outside the gate , gazing over the green vineyards with their ripening fruit .
thais told her slave she was going to another stall to pick out some fruit .
thais had fruits and wine served in the portico by the fountain .
vegetables and fruits soon followed the epithets , and some found a target on aristotle 's tunic , staining it .
sitting in a small but comfortably furnished parlor off of the courtyard , aristotle and thais were served fruit and wine mixed with fruit juice .
sitting in a small but comfortably furnished parlor off of the courtyard , aristotle and thais were served fruit and wine mixed with fruit juice .
wine and fruit was passed around as the dancing girls entertained .
` ` would you like some fruit ? ''
the men sat at a table and were served fruits and vegetables from the countryside and a light stew .
he was given oil , fruit , and wine and guided to the temple to present them as sacrifices to the god .
a member of the macedonian party ducked from the egg , but was hit by some fruit .
` ` sit down , my friend , '' he gestured to serve fruit that was on the table . ''
have some fruit .
he raised a cup of fruit juice .
` ` i promise i will only walk to the market for some fruit , and come back home . ''
he was paying for some fruit when he noticed an older woman purchasing some vegetables at one of the stalls .
he stepped up to the stall alongside the woman and started picking out some fruit .
phidias at last noticed the sack of fruit at his side and remembered that he had told lydia that he would not be long .
they parted and phidias returned home with a bag full of fresh fruit and vegetables , hardly aware of his feet trodding the hard cobblestones , his head in the clouds drifting across the bright athenian sky .
he met her frequently in the markets , where he would buy fruits or vegetables for her to take home .
he brought her gifts daily , a fruit or vegetable basket with some silver or gold coins in the bottom , flowers , or sweets from asia .
as he was walking through a street lined by fruit and vegetable vendors , he spied some fresh apples laid out like giant rubies sparkling in the sun .
lydia brought out fruit and wine .
have some fruit and wine while i compose it .
dried venison , bread and fresh fruit filled most of one , while the other she packed with clothing , blankets and quilts andominously , caleb thoughtsupplies for binding and treating wounds .
my wife will be joining us just as soon as she has got her coffee how she likes it , said the man as he placed his bowl of fruit and cup of coffee on the table and sat down , facing ben .
sandra had filled the table with fresh fruit , bread rolls , butter and coffee .
as they reached the baboon enclosure , it was feeding time and the four of them watched as the keepers threw apples on to the top of the cages and the inmates climbed up and grabbed the fruit through the bars , some of them racing to snatch their food before others could reach it .
the only options on the menu seemed to be tinned saveloys or tinned herrings in tomato sauce ( lovingly referred to as ' herrings - in ' ) , whilst dessert offered a choice of tinned fruit or tinned fruit .
the only options on the menu seemed to be tinned saveloys or tinned herrings in tomato sauce ( lovingly referred to as ' herrings - in ' ) , whilst dessert offered a choice of tinned fruit or tinned fruit .
the remaining fruit , however , she left in the orchard .
she was the picture of picnic beauty in a flowing , summery gown of blue sprig muslin embroidered with cherries and a wide - brimmed straw bonnet which sported artificial fruit of the same variety at the base of the crown .
through several more drinks , cakes , and fruits the night wore on .
while she was at the fruit table a man walked up to her and engaged in conversation in a tender tone .
he hurled himself to his hands and knees and crawled quickly off of the fruit .
his father entered with a look of concern still writ upon his face , but this soon dissipated as he saw adrian , now sitting up in bed tasting fruit , smile warmly at them as they were announced .
they use their sense of taste when eating the fruit they have offered the gohonzon , or to motivate themselves to eat foods that nourish and sustain their bodies .
after all , eves sin was to taste the forbidden fruit .
ah , the forbidden fruit , he commented lightly .
the forbidden fruit .
forbidden fruit , he answered plainly .
a horse rider was sent immediately to the market down the hill to buy fresh fruits .
a gold plated dinner plate was decorated with various sweet fresh fruits .
they moved across the jungle for hunting animals , collecting forest grown fruits etc .
i can see some orange plants also , and there are so many varieties of fruits .
please do not eat any fruit which you do nt recognise , saira cautioned , it may be fatal .
i know how to know whether some fruit is poisonous .
he went and collected some fruits ; some oranges , green mangoes ( as they ripe only in summer ) and some strange fruits .
he went and collected some fruits ; some oranges , green mangoes ( as they ripe only in summer ) and some strange fruits .
the plant generates flowers and fruits which is also another variation in form .
the plant grows and gives flowers and fruits .
the kitchen below the vandercamp party resembled a war zone , except instead of human casualties , the pheasant , quail , vegetables , and fruit succumbed to the kitchen warriors assorted knives , forks , tenderizers , and spoons .
wow , a nice person , beautiful , and she ate fruit .
there were fruit trees , a big vegetable garden , a huge chicken run and a cow that had a long strip of land fenced off for her that ran the full length of the section .
i m grateful for the fruit , mary .
his mother had a horror of tornadoes and she needed a place to store fruits and vegetables .
in front of a thick green shrub and two peach trees ripe with fruit , richard spotted anne sitting alone in a distant corner reading a letter .
no matter what castle she lodged in , these same cheery images greeted her every morning : birds , and unicorns , flowers , and fruit , ladies , and knights .
someone even threw rotten fruit at him .
a servant brought a small meal of fruit , cheese , bread , and wine .
richard impressed saladin , and the saracen sent richard snow and fruit from the mountains to help aid in his recovery .
no longer interested , richard turned back to his plate , then looked down the table noticing a large variety of fruit , none of which looked appetizing .
when raymond of castile arrived , the people of marseilles were at the gates and greeted him , not with a cascade of flowers , but of eggs , rotting fruit , and a chorus of , usurper go home .
trying to distract her , richard pointed to the red fruit on her plate .
there is fruit on the tree !
i am pleased at how quickly they have produced fruit .
examining a peach more carefully he pronounced , i would say that in about three weeks the fruit should be ready to harvest .
soon the lush green leaves above her would turn to the golden colours of autumn , but now the trees were laden with their heavy fruit ready to harvest .
richard looked up at the fruit above him .
if you wo nt partake of the fruit , i will .
his leathery skin had the folds of a winter apple but his bald head shone like fresh picked fruit .
dying leaves clung to fruit trees that stood sentinel around the fallow gardens .
a half dozen flies swarmed around the sweet fruit .
berries for the desserti thought that you might like some fresh fruit after being on a ship for so long , so i sent diana to pick enough for all of you .
how kindyoure right we have nt had any fruit for a long time .
walking to the village kitchen the girls take a quick break sitting down to eat the freshly picked fruit .
countess truchsess - zeil wanted to improve the stamina and the yield of the fruit trees grown by her villagers , but centuries of tradition had prevented the local farmers from accepting the new fangled varieties she had obtained from france .
thomas makytta laughed , ` ` do n't you remember , how you used to help father schreiber with his fruit trees ?
sensing that the small group of members was growing hostile , the school teacher from heinzendorf tried to rescue his friend , ` ` brother gregory , do you remember the work we did together with father schreiber using fruit trees ?
the flower is eventually replaced by the fruit ( if the plant has one ) .
` ` look at this , sergeant , '' one shouted and showed the company barrels piled high with apples and other fruits .
however , there was also a rival story that he was injured as a boy when he fell out of a tree while stealing fruit from a neighbours orchard .
at daybreak , they reached an abandoned village where they were able to get water , fruit , and some dry bread .
chapter seventeen : rotten fruit surprisingly , vaxili made no move to re - invade lower kerina .
sharma put a hand on jinas shoulder and said confidently , ' you will see , my old friendthe fruit is so rotten that the tree just needs a bit of shaking for the fruit to fall into our laps .
sharma put a hand on jinas shoulder and said confidently , ' you will see , my old friendthe fruit is so rotten that the tree just needs a bit of shaking for the fruit to fall into our laps .
some sell tobacco , others peddle fruit ; still others are plying small selections of vegetables .
spread out on the blanket are fruits and melons recently picked from their garden and the orchard .
picking up a piece of fruit and throwing it at luke , she pouted by saying , why luke scarburg i ai nt never !
we must dry what vegetables and fruit we can ; we need to kill the game and cure it and make jerky .
since spring , a large garden of vegetables has been planted , the orchard is pruned and fertilized with manure from the stables ; fruit is hanging from the fruit trees in abundance .
since spring , a large garden of vegetables has been planted , the orchard is pruned and fertilized with manure from the stables ; fruit is hanging from the fruit trees in abundance .
he offered me a piece of a fruit i had never seen and i was afraid he would take my arm and then kill me .
he again extended his hand with the fruit , then took a bite of it and again extended the fruit .
he again extended his hand with the fruit , then took a bite of it and again extended the fruit .
no , uh , comanche , he again insisted i try his fruit .
i put my knife away and took his fruit and he smiled and stood back taking another one for himself .
the tree had a sort of fruit they dropped and i tried one .
i would later learn that this fruit was called a fig .
i did nt see anyone nearby , so grabbed a few of these fallen fruits .
dad always told me that fruit was sweet , and that bad things were bitter .
so i gathered a bunch of these fruits from below a tall tree called a palm and packed em in .
turned and gave it to him palm up , then took the second apple and bit into that crisp sweet fruit .
the two of you go on the beach and see if you can find some fruit or coconuts , the skipper said in a harsh tone .
they discovered another bush with small yellow fruit and they picked a bagful .
the cook took their offering , promising to make jelly from some of the fruit .
jordan could nt recall what he had , except for the jellied fruit tasting like candy .
he d have to find nuts and fruits , perhaps catch fish and birds for some variety .
he gathered about a dozen coconuts , some berries and a small , rather sour fruit .
for the rest of the day , he groused for fruit and berries and dug up more roots .
there was plenty of fish , birds , even fruit ; he came across something orange and halfway sweet .
in the afternoon he searched for fruit and spent time watching the waters of the strait hoping to see something passing .
exploring the new territory , he welcomed a greater variety of fruits ; he particularly liked what looked like wild cherries tasting just sweet enough to balance out the sour .
but he had to eat and expose himself whether fishing or scrounging for fruit and roots .
he saw the jap return with fish , coconuts , roots , berries and fruit just as he had done .
he ate some fruit and berries as he spiked the fish and roasted them by the fire .
he cleaned it out and started dumping berries and fruit in it .
my aunt made fruit punch and turned it into wine .
food was not really a problem since the climate was mostly mild with plenty of fruit to be found .
but when they made it to the hut , they had the pleasure of unpacking cans of meat , jams , sugar , tea , coffee , tins of condensed milk , biscuits , canned fruit , flour , rice ... in fact everything to make cooking a pleasure again .
jordan picked through the offering of cheeses , rice cakes and a strange sour fruit .
there were baskets of coconuts , bananas , and an orange looking fruit .
so for now , lets go into the jungle and find some fruit to eat .
on a hillside they found some berries , then at an abandoned farm , some fruit trees gone wild and even some roots growing in the deserted garden .
he chewed on some fruit and took sips of water from his canteen .
there was plenty of wild fruit to be found and roots and vegetables .
ever since she could remember , this scottish delicacy with its mouth - watering blend of fruits and spices had been beckys favourite sweet bite .
the sparkling plates held dewy fruits and savory cakes .
chapter twenty - four monday the 27th of june , 1825 the never to be forgotten lunch it was a charming sight to behold , the sleek , long trestle tables draped with fresh white linens and adorned by pretty platters of salads , sliced meats , breads and cheeses , sweets and fruit , all proudly prepared and assembled by the lovely ladies of liberty fair .
inside the dark , musty hold there were many barrels and casks containing wine , beer , molasses , sugar , tobacco , rum , gunpowder , dried meat , grain , mincemeat , dried fruit and many more food stuffs that he was n't aware of .
first , breakfast would be light mostly fruit and cereal .
elise and i picked our way through piles of cubed fruits and warm croissants , and tried to get a handle on the next several days .
while we waited for our turn in the boats , i ate a couple croissants and some fruit and talked to several employees .
i also have my bride cake , a rich spice cake saturated in brandy and filled with dried fruits and nuts .
the first tribes of human civilization were hunter - gatherers where men hunted wild game and women gathered edible fruits and berries .
i found a very nice bottle of wine and basket of fruit waiting for me , the bed was already turned down , and the windows were open to let in the evening air .
i was sitting at a table in the dining room , and i did nt remember ordering breakfast , but i found a plate of fruit , croissants with butter , and a cup of coffee at my place .
we ordered some cheese and fruit and wine .
two cups , a teapot , milk and sugar , a three - tier cake plate filled with savoury tarts on the lowest tier , delicate iced cakes on the middle tier , and candied fruit and flowers on the top .
the fruit trees blossomed well , i m told .
by their fruits you will know them .
that yank is a bloody fruit case , he is !
shareef hurried from his kitchen with a half of the requested fruit .
his attempts to ship turkish produce to cairo had failed as the vegetables and fruits spoiled and nuts grew rancid in the heat during the journey up the nile .
the british east india company used the english victories to establish the export of opium and cotton from india ; vegetables and fruits from southeast asia ; and clocks , watches , silver , and music boxes from england to china in trade for teas , silk , spices , leather , and bamboo .
the aged warrior said some giants , few in number , still live in the caves and are spotted only when they climb out to hunt game and forage for wild vegetables and fruits , of which a myriad exist in our fair state .
local people take honors at county fair by audrey hackenheimer once again our area ladies proved to be master of the kitchen as evidenced by the following awards they received : boysenberry preserves : blue ribbon , gladys lucheece ; red ribbon , marge uley ; honorable mention , gertrude efton rhubarb preserves : br , jane driscoll ; rr , audry lundquist ; hm , selma murchenson strawberry preserves : br , bertha glockenspieler ; rr , christine steinway ; hm , laura olson apple pie : dorothy strobel ; rr , eloise mitchell ; hm , freda evansdale blackberry pie : br , alice montgomery , rr , sal dolby , hm , beth hanson cherry pie : br , thelma winkler ; rr , dorothy lintzner ; hm , mary vick pumpkin pie : br , nancy dreyfus ; rr , selma metz ; hm , francine hoff rhubarb pie : br , paula katz ; rr , trudie petlowe , hm , lacy dillard due to space constraints , winners in the bread , cake , cookie , muffin , jam , jelly , beer , wine , fried chicken , ham , sausage , bacon , pork chop , relish , canned vegetables , canned fruits , and other such categories will be announced in next weeks paper to leave room for this weeks recipe : maple walnut raisin molasses cookies by gertrude sweeney ingredients : 6 cups sifted flour 1 pound butter cup maple syrup 2 cups finely crushed walnuts 2 cups finely chopped raisins cup molasses 2 cups firmly packed sugar 4 whole eggs tsp baking soda preparation : preheat oven with roaring fire first .
the hand - carved leaves and fruit gave the appearance of an arbor straining under the weight of a fully ripened crop .
smiling nymphs interspersed throughout the fruit mocked rod .
then she made a pot of tea and served them each a slice of fruit cake .
amelie was only allowed a drink of fruit juice and grizzled about being hungry .
the fruit seller with one eye who polishes his apples by spitting on them and rubbing them with a cloth .
in the centre of a large table was the most astonishing collection of food he had seen - plates of meats , fowl , vegetables , fruit .
do you see that funny - looking fruit ?
once seated , mister dalton calls out to the barkeep , ill have rum with fruit , and my partner here will have a plain fruit juice .
once seated , mister dalton calls out to the barkeep , ill have rum with fruit , and my partner here will have a plain fruit juice .
and by the way while you re talking to the workers , tell them that most of the fruit in the orchards are ripe .
dillon then said ok , inform them that they re now allowed to pick some fruit and put some away for the winter .
chapter 8 buster gets a tour later that morning he had buster put on his new clothes including a big hat and the two of them ventured outside and dillon introduced buster to jack who was dying to tell the boss that he had talked to several of the field workers and by now they had all heard the message and he told dillon that they were very happy that they could have fruits and vegetables for the winter .
as they were enjoying some fruit and corn bread dillon said , janie , i m very fond of you .
ill get some from the fruit cellar right now in fact .
there were benches placed against the walls and at one end was a table loaded with fruits and dried meats and fish along with things that many of them had never tasted before .
there was a stew of meat and dried fruit , sweet and tart at the same time , and a dish of chestnuts and mushrooms , with a single huge flatbread they had to share between them .
they ate the same as every day ; spelt porridge , with dried fruit from last season crumbled into it .
he knew it to be wrong ; he felt its wrongness , like the tearing apart of a segmented fruit , ripping the pith and the membranes apart to expose the fleshy pulp dripping with juice .
he had only a moment 's respite ; someone roped him into serving the first dishes , roasted birds and sweet fruit - scattered breads .
it reminded him of those citrus fruit the general had bought from a phoenician trader one winter , in an unusual burst of extravagance ; small orange fruit , whose skin burst with strong smelling liquid on to your hands if you squeezed them .
it reminded him of those citrus fruit the general had bought from a phoenician trader one winter , in an unusual burst of extravagance ; small orange fruit , whose skin burst with strong smelling liquid on to your hands if you squeezed them .
they lurked for a week on the edges of the plain , living off the dried fruit and seeds in their packs , too careful to light a fire .
besides , now the food was coming round , a fine warming stew of dried fruits and slowly cooked meat , and the room was getting more raucous ; wild laughter came from a couch in the corner , and from time to time master heard what was obviously a punchline , and wondered what the joke had been .
` ` wait , '' he called to the servant who 'd come to fetch him , and slipped the little knife he used to peel his fruit into his belt .
urfe said he would keep his armour , then , but he had an orchard his great - grandfather had left him when he was only a baby , and he would give her the orchard and all the fruit from it for ever and ever .
they were still eating the fruits of summer ; karite had roasted and pickled them in vinegar and honey , or in oil with mustard , and she had preserved cheese , too , in oil with mountain herbs .
there was time , after that , for a mouthful or two of wine , tannic and earthy and warm from the leather flask , and a handful of dried fruit .
about two hours before sunset , they stopped for some wine and a small collation ; dried fruit , spelt cakes , cheese that manius had brought back from the hills , goaty and sour .
if they 'd had more time they might have got pemmican , or fruit leathers full of honey ; bu as it was , larth had grabbed whatever he could in short order , and this was it .
ships were drawn up on the tiber beaches , bringing amphorae of olive oil or wine , fine textiles dyed with bright phoenician purple or carmine red , or pigs of metal from the mines of aithalia ; across the tiber , past the tiber island , the trees of the janiculum orchards stood bare and black , but the stores were full of their fruit cherries in spirits of wine , plum butters , apples chopped into rings and dried , or pickled in honey and mustard , lying dark and cool in the great earthenware jars ; or apples packed in straw in the musty space above the rafters , slowly drying till their skins wrinkled and spotted with brown , but sweetening as they dried till , as spring came in , they burst their sugars on the palate darkly , almost dry .
the orderliness of fruit trees in their regular ranks , of terraces carving the hillsides , the sacred way running straight as a thrown javelin towards the capitol , the focus and axis of the city .
she told him about the recipes she used to make with her mother for the feast ; the dried fruit cakes , sweet but hard on the teeth , bound up with flour and honey ; the honeyed meats , the meat stew in wine with puffy , herb - laden dumplings ; the spiced , heated wine , for which each family guarded its own secret recipe that went back to the beginnings of the family and of etruria itself .
a group of women with spelt cakes and fruit and honey laid on a cloth in front of them called fabia over , and she exchanged a few words with them , but would n't stay , leaving them to their meal .
game birds had been stuffed with apples that melted , almost like butter on the tongue ; fish swam in pungent oil , with soft , spongy bread set on one side for mopping up the oil ; there were soft fruits simmered in mustard and honey , dripping and sticky , and fresh figs with slices of cheese so old it had crystallised and become translucent .
dinner was lamb roasted with rosemary , and a stew of fruit , and barley bread ; simple , but good , and with a sweet and thick wine that was nearly brown with long ageing .
` ` it 's unusual , '' thresu said , his voice low and rich as candied fruit : ` ` it 's unusual , though not unprecedented , you understand , for the league to appoint a man who , though he has worked hard for his city , as i have , has yet never been a king , or indeed a war leader , a master of horse ; but as you see , sometimes ... '' ` ` sometimes it happens , '' arathenas said .
a thick dark soup of chestnuts and dried mushrooms , with tiny slivers of onion fried in butter and a dash of dark vinegar to sharpen it up ; ham sliced so thin the light shone through it , soft and salty ; geese stuffed with apples and wild garlic , so that the sharpness of the stuffing cut through the fattiness of the meat ; a slop of lentils cooked with onion and walnuts , hare stewed in wine and its own blood , dried figs in honey , quince paste with sharp cheese , a sweet cake made of nuts and candied fruit , dumplings of muddy fish flesh flaked with breadcrumbs and onion greens , shredded chicken cooked with beet till it was purple ; different textures , different tastes , different colours , the luxury of variety and contrast .
that was without counting the different cuts of pork , of beef , of tender veal or mutton richly spiced and cooked long in clay to disguise its toughness , the venison , the hares and boars and rabbits , and then the cakes , the thick wheat or lentil stews , the soft messes of onions or leeks and roasted roots , the dried and candied and pickled fruits of last year , so that you kept eating , and kept on eating , beyond fulness , till eventually you felt surfeited and sick ; it was a heaven for the gourmet and a kind of hell reserved for the glutton , tarquin thought , only thresu , clearly , did not feel that way .
teitu had said they were bringing provisions from felsina - massive hams , and sacks of grain , and all kinds of dried fruits ; and their cooking was different from what you got down here , stews with pounded meat , and soft sausages , and sweet - and - sour dishes with the dark and musty vinegars they made there , everything richer and fattier .
she told them how his increasing depradations were impoverishing his people - ancient families ' golden inheritances snatched to pay for more weapons , all the young men taken into the army , and no one left to work the land but the toothless old ones and the youngest women , and the children , and - she smiled at arnza - what use were they , really , except for scaring the birds off the sown seed or the ripening fruit ?
food - booths sold pickled herring and salt - milk and dried eels and cheese and smoked fish and root - vegetables and dried meats and barley and dried fruit .
blessed art thou among women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , jesus .
all this fruit was collected .
other fruit was boiled and the mush poured into crock pots whose lids were sealed with honey and tied on .
there was also mead and ale and for the sweet - toothed , some boiled fruit and whey .
jars of preserved fruit sealed with honey were stacked next to barrels of smoked meat .
picking fruit ?
there is no fruit anywhere .
there was roast beef and lamb , fresh and warm bread , fruit preserved in jars through the winter , sweetened with honey and our most delicious cheeses .
he growled to the servant beside him through masticating jaws which were crammed full of the fruit , and better than this piss you ve given me thus .
he said swallowing the fruit quickly .
they were drinking wine and laughing at ease with the king , enjoying the platters of dried fruit and sweet pastries that had been provided for them .
half the first storey was dug into the ground and served as storerooms for surplus grains , dried fruits for the winter and smoked meats .
the wall enclosed a timbered house , several outbuildings , a substantial kitchen garden and a row of small fruit trees on its inner side .
she only ate fruit on the job , just to break with silly stereotypes .
and later would be the spectacle of the fruit bats flying overhead in the twilight and the magical power of beer to create camaraderie with the most unlikeable of people .
it had a summer smell of fruit .
beside them an arcade house , with its ten - cent slots and flashing fruit machines beckoned the sightseers .
just a fruit tea , she told him and watched as he ordered .
i do nt think you ll find much caffeine in fruit tea .
as she reached for a particular bushel of healthy untouched by bugs or animals fruits , she felt the branch waver .
james rolled his eyes as he sifted through rotted fruits and veggies , and sari set to thawing frozen bags he d found in the freezer .
trail mix : 3.0 - zz -- 30 -- - z food nuts and fruit packed for use when hiking .
food trail mix nuts and fruit packed for use when hiking .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
parallax - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 644 the 315 a 231 and 231 of 210 i 186 to 162 in 126 my 84 is 84 that 79 on 79 it 74 was 65 her 65 with 60 you 57 me 56 his 56 he 53 for 51 at 44 as 40 she 39 from 38 this 34 an 34 if 34 like 34 miranda 32 we 32 they 30 i ' m 29 been 28 or 28 into 27 by 27 one 26 there 26 not 25 it 's 24 wt 24 but 24 have 24 do 23 were 23 jack 22 no 22 who 22 do n't 22 him 22 be 22 when 21 has 21 about 21 are 20 your 20 had 19 what 19 marchland 19 all 18 carson 18 through 18 judy 17 so 17 up 17 think 17 then 16 got 16 down 16 out 15 back 15 some 15 she 's 15 them 14 he 's 14 its 14 just 14 mr 14 too 14 fisher 14 car 14 light 14 ca n't 14 room 13 did 13 km 13 i 'd 13 six 13 found 12 even 12 could 12 that 's 12 right 12 never 12 those 12 off 12 everything 12 yes 12 see 12 years 11 white 11 go 11 say 11 our 11 after 11 much 11 left 11 house 11 miranda 's 11 face 11 because 11 does n't 10 people 10 something 10 away 10 pride 10 went 10 kern 10 know 10 how 10 their 10 time 10 eyes 10 long 10 since 10 did n't 10 says 10 detective 10 window 10 enough 10 us 9 can 9 wo n't 9 get 9 many 9 way 9 was n't 9 there 's 9 only 9 good 9 missing 9 why 9 well 9 is n't 9 until 9 ice 9 nothing 9 took 9 love 8 going 8 gone 8 would 8 woman 8 more 8 kitchen 8 course 8 another 8 man 8 eye 8 home 8 6 8 here 8 women 8 wife 8 hand 8 once 8 these 8 door 8 thing 8 before 8 first 7 local 7 new 7 any 7 where 7 come 7 other 7 except 7 ball 7 mf 7 made 7 old 7 during 7 every 7 maybe 7 excerpted 7 two 7 will 7 ask 7 head 6 green 6 parties 6 want 6 fire 6 watching 6 end 6 than 6 marchland 's 6 big 6 none 6 now 6 over 6 thank 6 things 6 few 6 hell 6 life 6 mouth 6 force 6 three 6 trees 6 stopped 6 royal 6 truth 6 put 6 day 6 ever 6 done 6 while 6 tell 6 seem 6 name 6 around 5 hear 5 show 5 keep 5 doing 5 behind 5 he 'd 5 today 5 hair 5 near 5 god 5 kept 5 turn 5 past 5 penny 5 you 're 5 look 5 stop 5 again 5 making 5 state 5 skull 5 almost 5 homicide 5 hit 5 wake 5 against 5 i ' ve 5 mind 5 boys 5 office 5 world 5 road 5 best 5 makes 5 sound 5 field 5 such 5 edge 5 guess 5 would n't 5 achilles 5 bottle 5 lot 5 mean 5 place 5 knew 5 olympia 5 mine 5 black 5 whatever 5 blue 5 had n't 5 getting 5 hands 5 said 5 year 5 let 5 still 5 carson 's 5 stars 5 ring 5 blood 5 though 5 lost 5 always 5 myself 5 dust 5 looks 5 across 5 take 5 night 5 she 'd 5 picture 4 dropped 4 married 4 interview 4 documentary 4 truck 4 anymore 4 partner 4 real 4 bring 4 tree 4 bad 4 honeymoon 4 scotch 4 late 4 coffee 4 wheels 4 months 4 under 4 great 4 department 4 kind 4 takes 4 whole 4 hat 4 fact 4 upon 4 sometimes 4 least 4 next 4 uh 4 somebody 4 what 's 4 opinion 4 washington 4 have n't 4 migraine 4 yeah 4 barnes 4 cops 4 easy 4 europe 4 broom 4 pain 4 catch 4 reason 4 words 4 we 'd 4 bet 4 search 4 obviously 4 need 4 does 4 although 4 girl 4 red 4 talk 4 oh 4 feet 4 anybody 4 case 4 places 4 we 're 4 jp 4 art 4 please 4 couple 4 heart 4 second 4 find 4 quite 4 suit 4 yet 4 thought 4 trial 4 am 4 body 4 glitter 4 point 4 either 4 cloud 4 along 4 high 3 wait 3 really 3 better 3 drain 3 yellow 3 folks 3 inn 3 charming 3 humming 3 four 3 simple 3 wearing 3 college 3 dark 3 fast 3 questions 3 members 3 gave 3 kicked 3 letters 3 bed 3 9 3 02 3 living 3 piece 3 copy 3 wave 3 pretty 3 finger 3 start 3 money 3 eight 3 flicker 3 report 3 most 3 desert 3 information 3 drug 3 screaming 3 roll 3 decided 3 tall 3 last 3 leather 3 burning 3 glass 3 else 3 busy 3 brush 3 inside 3 career 3 could ' ve 3 involved 3 gun 3 wanted 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 vanished 3 walls 3 different 3 remember 3 question 3 also 3 kern 's 3 evidence 3 coming 3 camera 3 ultragothic 3 yard 3 dirt 3 bridge 3 turned 3 hotel 3 days 3 keeps 3 band 3 brain 3 stay 3 declined 3 help 3 4 3 publicity 3 artist 3 tea 3 waiting 3 doors 3 word 3 line 3 sonofabitch 3 mom 3 fingers 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 sad 3 cows 3 details 3 honey 3 serial 3 pick 3 morning 3 effects 3 moment 3 mirror 3 sofa 3 disappearance 3 visit 3 ago 3 girls 3 circles 3 nods 3 own 3 mexico 3 rock 3 leaves 3 might 3 thinking 3 water 3 prosecution 3 sell 3 silence 3 full 3 pieces 3 smile 3 block 3 however 3 italy 3 we ' ve 3 among 3 very 3 moon 3 were n't 3 dry 3 indeed 3 tucker 3 sun 3 cop 3 nails 3 judy 's 3 changes 3 named 3 ass 3 between 3 space 3 book 3 kill 3 william 3 hole 3 dreams 3 pale 3 dollars 3 train 3 shoulder 3 guy 3 ground 3 beneath 3 should ' ve 3 anywhere 3 creepy 3 fragments 3 called 3 brute 3 studio 3 school 3 chase 3 resort 3 looking 3 anything 3 bought 3 counter 2 taken 2 sod 2 gray 2 satanic 2 guileless 2 wild 2 fair 2 project 2 death 2 crescent 2 loaded 2 owned 2 cola 2 musk 2 wheel 2 return 2 mason 2 samovar 2 serious 2 drunk 2 surprise 2 already 2 microwave 2 square 2 drugs 2 holding 2 personal 2 happy 2 table 2 caps 2 pulse 2 brim 2 vast 2 student 2 horns 2 country 2 met 2 wonder 2 cabinet 2 sleep 2 eventually 2 prior 2 located 2 huge 2 third 2 ordo 2 jones 2 dad 2 unfair 2 stuff 2 who 'd 2 gas 2 hope 2 fawkin ' 2 templi 2 sick 2 lane 2 wine 2 sea 2 patrons 2 flickers 2 bumper 2 talking 2 bare 2 lips 2 act 2 stolen 2 wrong 2 vegas 2 damn 2 damned 2 switch 2 picked 2 possible 2 shaken 2 orientis 2 iron 2 shit 2 move 2 99 2 moments 2 group 2 soon 2 merry - go - round 2 carsons 2 effort 2 image 2 saturday 2 chair 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 highway 2 teenage 2 wondering 2 came 2 sure 2 onto 2 prostitutes 2 briefing 2 nose 2 calls 2 voice 2 actually 2 would ' ve 2 anyone 2 awful 2 bugs 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 song 2 driveway 2 neither 2 doctor 2 unmarked 2 seen 2 begged 2 means 2 garbage 2 robot 2 recall 2 crush 2 museum 2 pipe 2 probably 2 heard 2 file 2 less 2 scenery 2 ink 2 paper 2 toward 2 washed 2 cast 2 sands 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 movies 2 psycho 2 ones 2 wax 2 clothes 2 suffering 2 woods 2 forced 2 mongrel 2 begin 2 thumb 2 shift 2 older 2 hundred 2 break 2 seemed 2 becomes 2 kids 2 intimate 2 quit 2 runs 2 northwest 2 sit 2 fractured 2 exit 2 soft 2 sex 2 has n't 2 killer 2 screwed 2 drips 2 tragedy 2 straight 2 murder 2 air 2 give 2 gaze 2 windows 2 leads 2 may 2 diamond 2 attached 2 graveyard 2 seattle 2 ah 2 impulse 2 kidnapped 2 number 2 surely 2 starts 2 event 2 wavers 2 pressure 2 far 2 admit 2 cancer 2 sheriff 's 2 ha 2 jc 2 cash 2 stumble 2 sir 2 ruined 2 anonymous 2 ancient 2 june 2 forth 2 exhibition 2 round 2 teeth 2 phone 2 showed 2 buddy 2 norman 2 boxes 2 throat 2 guys 2 curtain 2 lamp 2 hired 2 macy 2 safe 2 clouds 2 notion 2 message 2 magic 2 perhaps 2 dancing 2 bit 2 lots 2 god 's 2 worked 2 revenge 2 stretch 2 police 2 york 2 famous 2 should 2 holy 2 parallax 2 fine 2 watch 2 yourself 2 known 2 stare 2 ceramic 2 positively 2 rituals 2 cup 2 outside 2 center 2 physical 2 trunk 2 power 2 knocks 2 let 's 2 hours 2 gina 2 speak 2 mystery 2 call 2 items 2 mobile 2 argument 2 kurt 2 recedes 2 post 2 bathroom 2 ford 2 comes 2 sculptures 2 caught 2 grass 2 whore 2 media 2 clean 2 drive 2 testimony 2 saved 2 cards 2 buy 2 bundy 2 subject 2 beloved 2 gapes 2 rockwell 2 care 2 sky 2 poorly 2 dull 2 artifacts 2 ages 2 killers 2 mistake 2 blow 2 jane 2 cold 2 associates 2 cheap 2 happened 2 nail 2 thoughts 2 everybody 2 throbs 2 farm 2 become 2 expect 2 history 2 rest 2 cherry 2 swing 2 sip 2 wal - mart 2 romantic 2 legs 2 reported 2 work 2 nauseous 2 naturally 2 horror 2 each 2 coma 2 harmonica 2 close 2 sly 2 constricts 2 gallery 2 photos 2 golf 2 tonight 2 future 2 usually 2 problem 2 exactly 2 warm 2 traffic 2 dress 2 journal 2 blanket 2 coverage 2 weeks 2 horizon 2 placid 2 tips 2 vision 2 daily 2 bits 2 bright 2 same 2 free 2 glory 2 tracks 2 droplets 2 you ' ve 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 friends 2 chain 2 won 2 choppers 2 collar 2 seizure 2 looked 2 doe 2 public 2 kidnapping 2 must 2 faces 2 fisher 's 2 elf 2 interpol 2 dogs 2 touch 2 crash 2 wants 2 flushed 2 ready 2 track 2 bust 2 got ta 2 pacific 2 used 2 story 2 true 2 press 2 tickets 2 straw 2 believe 2 dicks 2 otherwise 2 moving 2 further 2 change 2 bailed 2 crisp 2 which 2 barnes ' 2 shaking 2 small 2 staring 2 former 2 dozen 2 low 2 nearly 2 finally 2 bands 2 turns 2 read 2 stroke 2 heavy 2 drove 2 century 2 task 2 fooled 2 academy 2 falls 2 leave 2 side 2 town 2 lines 2 paid 2 puppies 2 simply 2 vertigo 2 glasses 2 burn 2 works 2 stomach 2 shop 2 brown 2 times 2 persons 2 saw 2 demonstrated 2 chopping 1 registers 1 threshold 1 trust 1 numb 1 cerebrum 1 nature 's 1 artistic 1 throes 1 exercise 1 puffing 1 seeing 1 pawn 1 warden 1 confab 1 reminder 1 theatre 1 smells 1 ron 1 opera 1 torrence 1 dent 1 wizened 1 proof 1 8 1 giving 1 everyone 1 freddy 1 claustrophobic 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 ran 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 importance 1 paean 1 coincidences 1 crown 1 lift 1 identify 1 guest 1 treated 1 failed 1 sweating 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 hacked 1 rupture 1 ear 1 routines 1 toured 1 joseph 1 tires 1 chicago 1 lack 1 debts 1 fathom 1 rumble 1 strobes 1 breath 1 speculating 1 danced 1 fresh 1 figured 1 hatch 1 gather 1 patrol 1 housewife 1 amenities 1 cliffhanger 1 explode 1 minister 1 stone 1 rocks 1 fracture 1 poof 1 cerebral 1 sting 1 forty - two 1 la 1 dismiss 1 differently 1 cracks 1 semblance 1 ghost 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 fumes 1 saying 1 fateful 1 grounds 1 backpack 1 tap 1 ex - cop 1 approximately 1 flash 1 pile 1 evening 1 flatbed 1 taffy 1 deal 1 gasp 1 banker 1 networking 1 truthfully 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 whenever 1 inhale 1 trading 1 grad 1 substantial 1 poison 1 explains 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 leader 1 outline 1 expression 1 atoms 1 saint 1 torso 1 rummaged 1 formulate 1 brow 1 scrawl 1 dragged 1 winchester 1 laws 1 driven 1 cities 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 rushing 1 offered 1 victim 's 1 bleed 1 male 1 shut 1 apprentice 1 concrete 1 tugs 1 daubing 1 hypothesized 1 motes 1 anytime 1 saucers 1 eating 1 gothic 1 telegraph 1 valley 1 two - dimensional 1 dunes 1 oregon 1 tetragrams 1 russell 1 existence 1 good - night 1 jay 1 attest 1 maniac 1 register 1 brilliant 1 universe 1 checks 1 monday 1 profound 1 chambering 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 strains 1 blur 1 ashes 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 pulling 1 drippings 1 absence 1 character 1 grateful 1 bills 1 age 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 infinite 1 draft 1 results 1 foot 1 wrap 1 ticking 1 asceticism 1 tad 1 appear 1 n 's 1 thump 1 equation 1 caresses 1 knife 1 husband 1 fossil 1 natural 1 annette 1 hawk 1 released 1 poised 1 booze 1 moss 1 dapper 1 swami 1 cult 1 staggered 1 wunderkind 1 fills 1 hip - hop 1 prisoner 1 deathbed 1 omission 1 handshake 1 entire 1 cantonese 1 brochure 1 decayed 1 plastic 1 teller 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 beach 1 blame 1 hippie 1 glint 1 deadly 1 melted 1 coup 1 19 1 hill 1 smoking 1 expected 1 spectacle 1 tuned 1 shoot 1 yesterday 1 apocalyptic 1 temple 1 steak 1 studies 1 silent 1 cliff 1 causing 1 action 1 polar 1 vacuously 1 outfits 1 teletype 1 fat 1 atmosphere 1 orange 1 surprised 1 gravity 1 activities 1 author 1 slate 1 planned 1 throw 1 strands 1 dutchman 1 hob - nob 1 masochism 1 cross - legged 1 entertaining 1 janitors 1 rottweilers 1 san 1 caf 1 laborers 1 aluminum 1 clutched 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 dare 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 murderers 1 purse 1 flame 1 aleister 1 riding 1 climb 1 bloody 1 adulterer 1 wedding 1 they 'd 1 running 1 blasting 1 alone 1 little 1 pathos 1 combination 1 awkward 1 robin 1 j 1 gunfighter 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 spouses 1 beyond 1 corresponded 1 farce 1 score 1 dirty 1 masque 1 soaked 1 pit 1 fortune 1 mysterious 1 destroyed 1 rod 1 grimace 1 later 1 drains 1 trooper 1 tune 1 toothpick 1 canary 1 metal 1 resemble 1 disapproval 1 bianchi 1 biological 1 decked 1 ventilation 1 framed 1 kerosene 1 scented 1 periodically 1 firs 1 fugitive - from - hollywood 1 button 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 shimmer 1 jaws 1 brother 1 goes 1 promoting 1 postcard 1 clippings 1 unintelligible 1 sparks 1 angle 1 radio 1 scaffolds 1 forgotten 1 ocean 1 queasy 1 nevada 1 movie 1 fuhrman 1 activist 1 wipe 1 jump 1 theory 1 slurring 1 trashcans 1 sighting 1 beautiful 1 without 1 smacks 1 pictures 1 plaid 1 chapter 1 lam 1 radioactive 1 smiled 1 ruinous 1 pushes 1 endless 1 zero 1 footage 1 tank 1 bacardi 1 order 1 american - style 1 waterfront 1 sinatra 1 disintegrates 1 cro - magnon 1 data 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 chuckles 1 confession 1 scream 1 opportunity 1 d 1 chest 1 stoned 1 shadows 1 instrumental 1 slumped 1 like - minded 1 three - foot - high 1 someone 1 herself 1 agency 1 moons 1 smoke 1 child 1 vigil 1 subtracted 1 long - suffering 1 hooks 1 vitriolic 1 fizzes 1 send 1 states 1 needed 1 badge 1 pal 1 banged 1 skiing 1 cellophane - flesh 1 homework 1 delhi 1 incidents 1 silverfish 1 snort 1 discordant 1 checkered - past 1 expensive 1 illuminated 1 expedient 1 crunching 1 bone 1 goodness 1 ending 1 crosses 1 reopen 1 horribly 1 strapless 1 neurons 1 fields 1 fiasco 1 botch 1 electric 1 begins 1 special 1 totaled 1 horrors 1 changed 1 dodd 1 grimy 1 sits 1 handles 1 uxoricidal 1 palms 1 gin 1 kerchief 1 traveling 1 inmate 1 forward 1 luna 1 beat 1 correctional 1 stung 1 compared 1 strolls 1 premonition 1 positions 1 intent 1 relationship 1 ten 1 meets 1 sake 1 adolescent 1 minutia 1 delicate 1 blinded 1 cross 1 island 1 fence 1 hoping 1 authorities 1 monster 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 fir 1 weekend 1 thousands 1 doves 1 parked 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 3 1 rust 1 storm 1 reveals 1 mountains 1 parking 1 scads 1 sounds 1 n ' 1 horn 1 investigating 1 squeaks 1 part 1 pete 's 1 blobby 1 bullyboys 1 rescue 1 flight 1 chariots 1 shotgun 1 knows 1 cats 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 joyride 1 victim 1 basket 1 tacky 1 sweep 1 weighing 1 clarifies 1 remainder 1 park 1 drag 1 strong 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 sustained 1 marquee 1 balanced 1 fuse 1 presumed 1 paths 1 advanced 1 weekly 1 pasture 1 myth 1 matches 1 quickens 1 west 1 concern 1 farmer 1 fishing 1 stays 1 self - mutilation 1 dabbled 1 restored 1 john 1 ranks 1 indifference 1 numerous 1 glee 1 stalker 1 taint 1 workshop 1 catholic 1 senior 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 arts 1 loads 1 fly 1 degrees 1 mallet 1 casually 1 tremendous 1 1993 1 indecipherable 1 hank 1 dance 1 bobbed 1 received 1 stuck 1 westerns 1 swallows 1 backgammon 1 hi 1 devil 1 fbi 1 chapel 1 fluke 1 hurricane 1 finding 1 mesas 1 died 1 erected 1 bus 1 customs 1 cheaper 1 tricky 1 black - hearted 1 dentist 1 crowd 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 palm 1 rammed 1 cinder 1 flying 1 passing 1 shoulders 1 slept 1 discharges 1 2013 1 carcass 1 middle 1 fishhook 1 chewed 1 peirce 1 launched 1 indulged 1 adams 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flex 1 handed 1 eloquently 1 dutiful 1 liquor 1 high - tension 1 halfway 1 hitting 1 ahead 1 blacktop 1 relegated 1 adored 1 music 1 location 1 lumbers 1 carefully 1 engine 1 label 1 deserved 1 needs 1 focus 1 scratch 1 token 1 disfigured 1 discard 1 buttress 1 splinters 1 withdraws 1 lesbian 1 peculiar 1 discuss 1 deliver 1 gauzy 1 steady 1 fifteen - minute 1 necessarily 1 gnaw 1 rings 1 laughing 1 blows 1 forges 1 basilisk 1 disregard 1 braided 1 careen 1 drinks 1 venezuela 1 france 1 pursuit 1 disappeared 1 collects 1 scattering 1 bronze 1 brave 1 buttons 1 dwindles 1 ant 1 honest - to - betsy 1 ladies ' 1 buzzing 1 bat 1 award 1 ties 1 kato 1 bloodhound 1 consider 1 banana 1 noose 1 knuckle - whiteners 1 jabbing 1 stockings 1 funicello 1 funny 1 pursued 1 design 1 drawled 1 worried 1 maneuver 1 numerals 1 synaptic 1 picket 1 locks 1 digging 1 et 1 pulses 1 blurred 1 united 1 imperatives 1 parents 1 catches 1 chemicals 1 murdered 1 friendly 1 toilet 1 flea 1 monument 1 petrified 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 vein 1 g 1 diesel 1 fueled 1 entered 1 stir 1 hung 1 harangues 1 enters 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 boxed 1 stabbed 1 besides 1 bleach - blond 1 loved 1 hollowed 1 cluttering 1 curve 1 commercial 1 smug 1 muttering 1 disciple 1 worse 1 cinematic 1 respirator 1 snake - oil 1 broken 1 enamel 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sways 1 machinations 1 esoteric 1 holes 1 warmth 1 conclaves 1 news 1 so - called 1 worth 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 snuck 1 slippery 1 hubs 1 do - overs 1 lapd - o 1 fairy - tale 1 doughnuts 1 collided 1 dragging 1 divided 1 crystal - studded 1 frustration 1 sank 1 forefinger 1 lumped 1 yates 1 oblique 1 hospital 1 ce 1 marker 1 early 1 customary 1 maniacal 1 38 1 chloroformed 1 widower 1 smashes 1 plato 1 rumpled 1 addiction 1 backroom 1 criticized 1 swilled 1 throng 1 smooth 1 figure 1 walkin ' 1 ten - gallon 1 being 1 gibberish 1 priest 1 lanky 1 twist 1 planes 1 morgana 1 casinos 1 gravel 1 hers 1 brownstones 1 pleasure 1 gamut 1 porn 1 glances 1 sympathetic 1 bracing 1 candle 1 blinks 1 abducted 1 crying 1 holds 1 veins 1 boa 1 cutbacks 1 snoozing 1 regard 1 corridor 1 glare 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 drawings 1 barges 1 cowboy 1 hobby 1 swimmer 1 crimson 1 fruiting 1 leaking 1 managed 1 stewing 1 off - brand 1 softball 1 margins 1 proved 1 swaggered 1 whittlin ' 1 nurse 1 heels 1 clumps 1 oxygen 1 slowly 1 financed 1 king 1 cease 1 hefty 1 not - guilty 1 carried 1 jitters 1 capitol 1 nightcap 1 sweater 1 distribution 1 spike 1 stranger 1 folded 1 christ 's 1 coat 1 thunderheads 1 mess 1 supernova 1 coach 1 migrant 1 grainy 1 journalists 1 tubes 1 connections 1 pay 1 galleries 1 igloo 1 receive 1 slammed 1 toast 1 fund 1 wipes 1 cut 1 champ 1 clattering 1 flatness 1 realized 1 basically 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 demonic 1 lake 1 chasm 1 packed 1 meaning 1 largesse 1 gentle 1 leaguer 1 rolling 1 evaporated 1 longs 1 pussyfooting 1 obscurity 1 musty 1 martyr 1 hundred - car 1 shape 1 played 1 evil 1 falling 1 dictator 1 talent 1 north 1 1983 - 84 1 violins 1 negatives 1 attic 1 gaps 1 ward 1 maintain 1 afraid 1 abyss 1 kitten 1 housewives 1 gee 1 handsome 1 cooling 1 twice 1 vacuum 1 jewelry 1 counterpunching 1 flies 1 madcap 1 midnight 1 ricardo 1 radio - clock 1 closed 1 mouthful 1 dvd 1 globe 1 filled 1 international 1 o 1 owner - operator 1 dying 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 cannibal 1 usurp 1 priceless 1 burnt 1 police - drama 1 suddenly 1 apart 1 watches 1 curse 1 glorious 1 domain 1 filmed 1 congratulates 1 judith 1 corners 1 math 1 limousine 1 boom 1 watering 1 datsun 1 michelangelo 1 proving 1 anguish 1 ordained 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 squeak 1 grant 1 ample 1 utilities 1 use 1 theme 1 shallow 1 icebergs 1 white - gold 1 retrospective 1 tirelessly 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 panels 1 secretarial 1 dried 1 mentioned 1 rj 1 surfboard 1 back - page 1 bill 1 you 'd 1 facility 1 march 1 tumbler 1 anniversary 1 vindication 1 fellow 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 agate 1 hair 's 1 fool 1 taps 1 spaghetti 1 searching 1 belly 1 owns 1 sunlight 1 stick 1 profanities 1 ancients 1 surveillance 1 pebbled 1 hoarse 1 curls 1 suburban 1 stranger 's 1 wags 1 softly 1 magical 1 hemorrhaging 1 taste 1 ivy 1 trembles 1 planet 1 jury 1 greasy 1 70 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 embalming 1 trying 1 lay 1 entrance 1 placing 1 major 1 comprised 1 shindigs 1 forget 1 bastard 1 disembodied 1 play 1 oakland 1 particles 1 noise 1 infamous 1 learned 1 incongruity 1 auntie 1 mighty 1 rags 1 resurrects 1 widened 1 smoky 1 vessels 1 beforehand 1 board 1 moans 1 choked 1 lights 1 breast 1 guts 1 grasp 1 activity 1 oozing 1 birds 1 gropes 1 cookie 1 provocative 1 marvin 1 warped 1 flesh 1 flooded 1 bermuda 1 note 1 memos 1 rumors 1 market 1 fight 1 western 1 curl 1 eons 1 mitts 1 south 1 sorting 1 rendezvous 1 front 1 certain 1 barrel 1 asking 1 professional 1 geography 1 12 1 directly 1 china 1 fractal 1 rival 1 jagged 1 technicality 1 keens 1 government 1 occasionally 1 swiped 1 somethin ' 1 wholesome 1 promised 1 larry 1 stink 1 cement 1 river 1 bar 1 heads 1 pronounce 1 interest 1 reaches 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 sensibilities 1 cosmopolitan 1 conniver 1 men 1 greek 's 1 quantum 1 sags 1 forensics 1 hip 1 ghouls 1 drenched 1 patty 1 tapped 1 maintenance 1 loaned 1 suspicions 1 shell 1 squalid 1 rocketing 1 fiction 1 bulky 1 curled 1 assail 1 rage 1 grief 1 crater 1 lonesome 1 euphoria 1 pointing 1 sports 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 girders 1 disc 1 yelm 1 clamps 1 earth 1 bizarrely 1 tinsel 1 graphic 1 process 1 collecting 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 eyeballs 1 decipher 1 functionally 1 indictment 1 knowing 1 rotted 1 threw 1 business 1 strong - arm 1 tears 1 shines 1 good - natured 1 pads 1 bitter - sweet 1 hounds 1 wondered 1 lance 1 cameraman 1 exotic 1 bend 1 ceti 1 cortez 1 whereabouts 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 gurney 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 support 1 add 1 wrapped 1 salesman 1 inertia 1 crawls 1 created 1 bureau 1 colossus 1 happens 1 preceding 1 hoax 1 mostly 1 hollows 1 wife 's 1 negative 1 historic 1 hate 1 goddamn 1 constrictor 1 romance 1 designers 1 multiple 1 shaped 1 rental 1 clue 1 fixing 1 tick 1 lady 1 painted 1 marry 1 ticket 1 i-5 1 claws 1 dims 1 comment 1 filed 1 jar 1 humble 1 aftershave 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 micromoment 1 portfolio 1 open 1 mannequin 1 artistes 1 beg 1 interlaced 1 trusty 1 jumpsuit 1 part 's 1 plow 1 snopes 1 dog 1 splash 1 severed 1 jacked 1 bundle 1 clipper 1 disappear 1 shared 1 crossbar 1 kabbalists 1 muted 1 arrive 1 slope 1 pack 1 cicadas 1 connection 1 tapes 1 anyone 's 1 kaleidoscope 1 furtive 1 tat 1 lip 1 mesmerized 1 coordinates 1 rational 1 beast 1 shorn 1 arranged 1 sour 1 cycle 1 pity 1 jenna 1 hatefully 1 repository 1 materializes 1 bag 1 directions 1 impoverishment 1 windbreakers 1 kicking 1 promotional 1 lifting 1 deluxe 1 main 1 nerves 1 scrap 1 doodles 1 interior 1 feat 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 autopilot 1 sorrow 1 excellent 1 crumbling 1 opening 1 martin 1 palace 1 knickknacks 1 annie 1 month 1 simpson 1 float 1 orbit 1 closing 1 exuded 1 oak 1 demolition 1 static 1 tang 1 appears 1 national 1 taller 1 stand 1 incandesces 1 pushed 1 legion 1 ovaries 1 doin ' 1 beginning 1 shuddered 1 prompting 1 italian 1 husbands 1 scythes 1 study 1 arm 1 fundamental 1 family 1 characterize 1 california 1 rabbits 1 proper 1 sends 1 devotion 1 serried 1 midwest 1 bitch 1 halcyon 1 organized 1 safely 1 facing 1 gills 1 slip 1 lean 1 dreamscape 1 grieving 1 gastrointestinal 1 prove 1 fearless 1 bungalow 1 dead 1 curdles 1 together 1 ledger 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 hood 1 photo 1 greys ' 1 closet 1 overhand 1 compressed 1 assumes 1 humdrum 1 speeches 1 untouched 1 east 1 pauses 1 continent 1 security 1 unmistakably 1 purple 1 struggles 1 stared 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 cactus 1 adjusts 1 station 1 linen 1 wrecking 1 arrives 1 investigators 1 ridgeway 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 muses 1 saloon 1 understood 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 old - school 1 bestseller 1 moss - encrusted 1 esperanto 1 thick 1 starving 1 evident 1 remnants 1 random 1 tanks 1 run 1 wedge 1 precedent 1 answer 1 jackpot 1 rearview 1 treasures 1 disposable 1 badges 1 triangle 1 distend 1 sledgehammer 1 exhalations 1 fucking 1 vine 1 availed 1 frame 1 hog 1 remains 1 decent 1 grab 1 scrapes 1 lazy 1 variations 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 built 1 luxury 1 v 1 worries 1 memory 1 gathered 1 accepting 1 bones 1 catalyst 1 spine 1 unrestrained 1 credit 1 brawls 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 emails 1 congress 1 unlocked 1 threats 1 elements 1 accusations 1 observing 1 seems 1 perfume 1 clank 1 several 1 laughs 1 indulge 1 aware 1 stops 1 leagues 1 flinch 1 raveled 1 receded 1 wallop 1 wishes 1 corporate 1 record 1 sing 1 krakatoa 1 bloodstain 1 resemblance 1 designer - model 1 prolonged 1 apples 1 plush 1 mile 1 reel 1 border 1 talked 1 america 1 sweats 1 bound 1 shackles 1 counts 1 mature 1 foams 1 circumference 1 lock 1 tau 1 miles 1 images 1 iceboxes 1 shrill 1 sprung 1 whether 1 forever 1 possess 1 coordinate 1 neon 1 devil 's 1 feeling 1 dogged 1 thanks 1 grave 1 stutter 1 shakes 1 count 1 pillow 1 decolonized 1 deny 1 dumb 1 parks 1 gr 1 consternation 1 cruises 1 backed 1 unfortunate 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 sleepy 1 sagged 1 founders 1 bankers 1 towel 1 melancholy 1 rushes 1 joe 1 molted 1 finished 1 ripping 1 half 1 interrogations 1 straws 1 searched 1 appearances 1 nodding 1 doubt 1 dominic 1 panic 1 assault 1 hidden 1 testing 1 crowley 1 why 'd 1 hinterlands 1 double 1 squeeze 1 glamorous 1 hardly 1 slops 1 outer 1 handiwork 1 rottweiler 1 drowned 1 rooms 1 franchise 1 chums 1 kid 1 spokesperson 1 hives 1 scrambles 1 net 1 caressed 1 superb 1 environmental 1 shadow 1 prison - interview 1 attrition 1 considered 1 soap 1 climbin ' 1 stride 1 worst 1 rutted 1 witness 1 fierceness 1 cubes 1 glaze 1 pears 1 plummet 1 bleached 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 reasons 1 possession 1 private 1 slob 1 title 1 heel 1 rule 1 yarn 1 wind 1 cover 1 nger 1 slipping 1 covering 1 seagulls 1 magnet 1 warning 1 tonic 1 arrest 1 network 1 wrist 1 accounted 1 theories 1 doppelg 1 deserve 1 upcoming 1 tore 1 blinking 1 kindness 1 three - day 1 cruiser 's 1 spliced 1 clever 1 erupts 1 signed 1 became 1 popular 1 numbers 1 hey 1 theater 1 strip 1 overhead 1 miniature 1 shipment 1 handle 1 eh 1 coroner 's 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 87 1 coincidence 1 blurry 1 closes 1 inescapable 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 brood 1 sunday 's 1 hassle 1 bowed 1 drift 1 converted 1 pd 1 de 1 bomb 1 handsets 1 waxed 1 billion 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 blackouts 1 prerecorded 1 doctor 's 1 sat 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 collected 1 suffocated 1 toes 1 ski 1 premiere 1 elongated 1 savagely 1 archipelago 1 settles 1 hangs 1 often 1 intensity 1 cambridge 1 replacement 1 distracted 1 arose 1 ya 1 squashed 1 timeframe 1 chirr 1 treading 1 liverpool 1 francisco 1 summer 1 robots 1 xx-201957 1 whiskey 1 rich 1 fuses 1 prison 1 scary 1 explanation 1 7 1 loose 1 others 1 millstone 1 sent 1 sneaky 1 sinews 1 misdemeanor 1 shade 1 eaten 1 busload 1 alarm 1 fragile 1 clutches 1 decameron 1 builds 1 den 1 no - talent 1 expressed 1 saboteurs 1 given 1 aged 1 lotta 1 whimpering 1 gong 1 denied 1 nictitates 1 coward 1 pantry 1 ad 1 article 1 slot 1 link 1 wham 1 chat 1 lives 1 peer 1 territory 1 weeds 1 speaks 1 dealers 1 mammoth 1 asserted 1 macabre 1 donate 1 insignificant 1 savage 1 memorized 1 catching 1 patronizing 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 plausible 1 pathologists 1 visited 1 piles 1 motive 1 offer 1 pulls 1 dramatic 1 lava 1 haggard 1 tuesday 1 occult 1 rounds 1 flower - print 1 pie 1 bawling 1 thirty - six 1 mood 1 metaphorically 1 draped 1 pattern 1 fully 1 phantasmagoria 1 taking 1 well - pleased 1 cynic 1 agents 1 prefers 1 computers 1 needle 1 sonofagun 1 style 1 humdingers 1 signal 1 hooch 1 mason 's 1 farthest 1 neckties 1 twenty - or 1 herbal 1 television 1 rugby 1 afterimages 1 pulled 1 admitted 1 gods 1 lambada 1 crocodile 1 hears 1 chewing 1 fabled 1 mc 1 deformed 1 himself 1 indelible 1 properties 1 machines 1 county 1 scanning 1 rap 1 hitched 1 bullets 1 alive 1 pays 1 polychromatic 1 latent 1 tongue 1 quote 1 exclusive 1 paraplegia 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pours 1 face - saving 1 wither 1 guzzling 1 select 1 store 1 trip 1 silhouettes 1 pills 1 heap 1 native 1 douglas 1 machinery 1 statue 1 diapers 1 walking 1 attended 1 bank 1 bored 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 axe 1 slap 1 friend 1 youth 1 threshing 1 hums 1 pioneer 1 bull 1 wasted 1 seals 1 logjam 1 blew 1 knees 1 tit 1 they ' ve 1 frequency 1 shy 1 mar 1 doom 1 hamlet 1 lunches 1 dj 's 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 drowning 1 confirm 1 oils 1 empty 1 eco - terrorists 1 terminally 1 mother 1 hit - and - run 1 concentrate 1 exaggerated 1 retiree 1 evergreen 1 rifle 1 leftover 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 quiver 1 swinging 1 eyeliner 1 disqualified 1 vent 1 cramps 1 hits 1 etched 1 grabs 1 sneak 1 lab 1 swallowed 1 worm 1 seagull 1 bee 's 1 beef 1 stark 1 acclaimed 1 resembles 1 quickly 1 snake - skin 1 desire 1 trailing 1 festival 1 fruit 1 could n't 1 gloom 1 stamping 1 solid 1 finds 1 apron 1 are n't 1 culprit 1 tourist 1 darkens 1 newspaper 1 courtroom 1 causes 1 stashed 1 floating 1 dime 1 sold 1 shuts 1 suv 1 smithsonian 1 hang - ups 1 confiscated 1 spill 1 hydraulics 1 immense 1 wing 1 objects 1 palermo 1 unknown 1 machine 1 neglected 1 actresses 1 detractors 1 liver 1 williams 1 trap 1 scribbling 1 obeyed 1 twin 1 extortion 1 pull 1 divide 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 fidget 1 instead 1 sort 1 should n't 1 sauce 1 drank 1 florid 1 accomplish 1 illiterate 1 creased 1 bigger 1 maples 1 tu 1 vice 1 charisma 1 insubstantial 1 warns 1 balloonlike 1 intelligencer 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 divorce 1 clear 1 distends 1 schneider 's 1 nucleus 1 riptide 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 cigarette 1 feminine 1 knives 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 volunteers 1 strapped 1 otero 1 off - kilter 1 try 1 polish 1 pause 1 wayne 1 killed 1 enemy 1 paint 1 snap 1 paraffin 1 despise 1 wore 1 150 1 sunday 1 champagne 1 photographs 1 contacted 1 sandals 1 present 1 republic 1 fanfare 1 fog 1 headed 1 cashing 1 blockbuster 1 dome 1 creases 1 weather 1 comrades 1 unseasonably 1 swapped 1 common 1 stalked 1 precautions 1 driving 1 chord 1 tried 1 supposed 1 smelly 1 tells 1 walked 1 correct 1 noticed 1 alamogordo 1 lovely 1 flexible 1 five 1 utter 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 ja - ack 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 hornet 1 cathedral 1 club 1 jelly 1 list 1 multiplying 1 accident 1 tics 1 stage 1 massive 1 core 1 supper 1 angstrom 1 torpedoing 1 invisible 1 shrivel 1 bops 1 tunnel 1 confront 1 slowdown 1 spines 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 vocal 1 opens 1 designs 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 oprah 1 translucent 1 gold 1 shutter 1 dirge 1 poster 1 chance 1 majority 1 tube 1 aneurysm 1 involvement 1 raises 1 investigation 1 traces 1 correction 1 loyal 1 require 1 strikes 1 flamboyant 1 ride 1 rattling 1 volkswagen 1 montalb 1 starting 1 abusive 1 assholes 1 dairy 1 fata 1 genius 1 hang 1 gangstas 1 brought 1 orgies 1 mark 1 leaped 1 listen 1 foundation 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 shake 1 detonation 1 drop 1 ridge 1 underground 1 invention 1 couple 's 1 circumstantial 1 shudders 1 services 1 reduced 1 ghosts 1 soul 1 community 1 deed 1 flair 1 motels 1 anne 1 flowerbox 922 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
shiva , open your eye - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 shiva , open your eye 358 the 195 a 185 and 178 of 168 i 138 to 104 in 82 was 75 that 74 he 68 my 61 is 54 his 53 it 44 not 42 from 41 as 38 me 37 with 36 on 34 for 28 by 26 or 26 an 26 but 26 there 25 him 25 this 25 at 23 what 22 be 21 would 21 if 20 when 19 had 19 their 19 one 18 man 17 into 16 have 16 are 15 its 15 mr 15 time 15 connell 15 them 14 up 14 like 13 they 12 could 12 no 12 did 12 all 11 so 11 world 11 too 11 do 10 were 10 more 10 things 10 old 10 am 9 god 9 yet 9 see 9 before 8 you 8 under 8 how 8 will 7 those 7 barn 7 after 7 upon 7 good 7 big 7 another 7 tea 7 men 7 eyes 7 because 7 these 6 people 6 sea 6 way 6 quick 6 say 6 than 6 back 6 any 6 again 6 much 6 left 6 come 6 some 6 being 6 over 6 knew 6 life 6 memories 6 might 6 light 6 stars 6 thought 6 pocket 6 which 6 through 6 wore 6 out 6 been 5 dark 5 just 5 came 5 most 5 winter 5 only 5 state 5 human 5 few 5 nothing 5 cycle 5 about 5 cold 5 sense 5 long 5 several 5 said 5 truth 5 hand 5 while 5 door 5 around 5 years 4 matter 4 even 4 logic 4 doing 4 who 4 beach 4 later 4 end 4 great 4 went 4 your 4 look 4 cologne 4 slept 4 property 4 against 4 why 4 occurred 4 washington 4 now 4 bottle 4 mentioned 4 christmas 4 flesh 4 nature 4 eye 4 monk 4 should 4 off 4 unless 4 every 4 sky 4 down 4 farm 4 frame 4 shiva 4 water 4 shadow 4 then 4 same 4 others 4 here 4 though 4 oceans 4 myself 4 done 4 empty 4 shall 4 change 4 once 4 name 4 anything 4 thing 4 room 3 gone 3 really 3 stone 3 better 3 something 3 late 3 fire 3 simple 3 never 3 little 3 questions 3 beyond 3 wonders 3 understand 3 our 3 we 3 ocean 3 soon 3 strike 3 living 3 piece 3 shack 3 anyone 3 sweet 3 where 3 value 3 make 3 habit 3 inside 3 mind 3 know 3 other 3 vanished 3 different 3 ah 3 animals 3 fear 3 made 3 dirt 3 brain 3 imagine 3 watch 3 think 3 word 3 shell 3 house 3 mine 3 created 3 call 3 bag 3 autumn 3 terrible 3 visit 3 mass 3 thoughts 3 answer 3 bulk 3 feel 3 it 's 3 wisdom 3 two 3 each 3 find 3 let 3 indeed 3 blood 3 summer 3 prayed 3 named 3 clay 3 pattern 3 children 3 touch 3 dreams 3 asked 3 idea 3 true 3 reveal 3 across 3 try 3 read 3 purpose 3 heavy 3 looking 3 chance 3 us 3 can not 3 first 2 gray 2 gloves 2 can 2 poking 2 assessor 2 death 2 huts 2 depths 2 hear 2 show 2 breath 2 return 2 final 2 anymore 2 ghost 2 pearl 2 smacking 2 obvious 2 job 2 sleep 2 both 2 creation 2 existence 2 go 2 tree 2 boy 2 bad 2 organism 2 occasion 2 hot 2 rather 2 plain 2 smell 2 season 2 trapped 2 perished 2 church 2 dare 2 flashlight 2 nervous 2 gulf 2 seldom 2 kept 2 metal 2 kerosene 2 preferred 2 earlier 2 emerald - colored 2 intellect 2 towers 2 radio 2 without 2 smiled 2 strength 2 sticky 2 fancied 2 shadows 2 kind 2 sure 2 do n't 2 voice 2 fields 2 begins 2 sweated 2 song 2 rust 2 soup 2 part 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 torpid 2 sculpture 2 behold 2 unfortunately 2 last 2 devil 2 sunrise 2 toward 2 frightened 2 regarded 2 certainly 2 methodical 2 yearning 2 disappeared 2 course 2 upstairs 2 excretes 2 investigator 2 except 2 peripheral 2 besides 2 wanted 2 well 2 news 2 strange 2 cellar 2 road 2 rough 2 military 2 gaze 2 possessed 2 leads 2 may 2 regard 2 remember 2 best 2 ruin 2 far 2 required 2 makes 2 also 2 federal 2 sustain 2 ha 2 papers 2 such 2 shape 2 degree 2 evil 2 ancient 2 perceptions 2 afraid 2 spark 2 imperative 2 tossed 2 has 2 dying 2 flower 2 clarity 2 lizards 2 until 2 minutes 2 ice 2 pointed 2 curiosity 2 returned 2 perhaps 2 priests 2 place 2 cruel 2 orbiting 2 land 2 presence 2 naked 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 nigh 2 government 2 told 2 colored 2 famous 2 plane 2 hide 2 sustenance 2 hell 2 perception 2 crooked 2 does 2 documents 2 power 2 thy 2 bureau 2 itself 2 fingers 2 frozen 2 comment 2 humble 2 relative 2 open 2 forms 2 ears 2 pack 2 whatever 2 beast 2 weak 2 feet 2 subject 2 national 2 slow 2 squirming 2 dreamed 2 affect 2 case 2 mouth 2 smoked 2 dead 2 together 2 animal 2 own 2 art 2 lived 2 disappearances 2 oil 2 lazy 2 large 2 hands 2 creature 2 force 2 measure 2 mechanism 2 bound 2 work 2 emerged 2 whether 2 cigar 2 attention 2 smile 2 close 2 hidden 2 however 2 year 2 wind 2 skin 2 ephemeral 2 fleeting 2 exactly 2 thee 2 equipment 2 sat 2 often 2 thus 2 evolution 2 dim 2 fragile 2 looked 2 shoes 2 ever 2 gods 2 pretending 2 always 2 rap 2 actor 2 tongue 2 condition 2 travel 2 spring 2 wife 2 corner 2 villagers 2 shore 2 dust 2 longer 2 used 2 story 2 fruit 2 sign 2 thirty 2 bubbles 2 gums 2 gained 2 shuffle 2 instead 2 mindless 2 mold 2 temptation 2 cave 2 fell 2 window 2 floor 2 night 2 lovely 2 closer 2 tell 2 leave 2 requires 2 simply 2 buried 2 jacket 1 dropped 1 married 1 bering 1 eschew 1 trust 1 strove 1 sedan 1 settling 1 going 1 throes 1 wait 1 visage 1 nasa 1 riffled 1 faa 1 lumbered 1 interesting 1 cool 1 wizened 1 proof 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 muck 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 rustle 1 lament 1 flopped 1 disquiet 1 dwells 1 failed 1 musk 1 fish 1 seizing 1 truck 1 abiding 1 fathom 1 fresh 1 wears 1 keep 1 stirring 1 blacken 1 revile 1 huff 1 cutter 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 la 1 thanked 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 flourishes 1 tarp 1 revered 1 latter 1 flash 1 fold 1 building 1 virtue 1 rent 1 owner 1 abomination 1 table 1 whenever 1 bounded 1 wriggle 1 vast 1 brim 1 web 1 set 1 country 1 flames 1 wire 1 stained 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 capture 1 wonder 1 prehistory 1 investigator 's 1 fragment 1 research 1 scrutinized 1 survey 1 visitor 1 deeds 1 arrived 1 laws 1 driven 1 drifted 1 eventually 1 offered 1 blessings 1 tilling 1 eating 1 twisted 1 handcuffs 1 chrysalis 1 invent 1 brittle 1 huge 1 spurred 1 maniac 1 steadfast 1 superseded 1 sapient 1 submission 1 caves 1 plucked 1 disease 1 baffle 1 casting 1 corroborative 1 behind 1 ashes 1 haunted 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 drowsy 1 he 'd 1 cosmos 1 horrible 1 scotch 1 lilies 1 self - analysis 1 collectors 1 amused 1 latex 1 giddy 1 results 1 want 1 feigned 1 save 1 shudder 1 tad 1 magnificent 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 hope 1 die 1 becoming 1 sheet 1 soccer 1 today 1 coherent 1 necessary 1 pot 1 fix 1 crippling 1 occluded 1 crystal 1 fills 1 nemesis 1 antennae 1 munificent 1 primordial 1 tulgy 1 starfish 1 hungry 1 swipes 1 individual 1 weaker 1 wick 1 rive 1 purchased 1 desired 1 unimaginative 1 listened 1 reared 1 routine 1 humid 1 illume 1 invoked 1 calculation 1 portrait 1 advance 1 jealous 1 shine 1 many 1 coffee 1 bare 1 scoffing 1 operated 1 sediment 1 lips 1 sunder 1 throw 1 tug 1 watching 1 juices 1 wry 1 boggle 1 wrong 1 lockpicks 1 ramshackle 1 molded 1 thirteen 1 mars 1 fused 1 fast 1 peeling 1 ciphers 1 tweed 1 instinct 1 physiology 1 possibility 1 budding 1 suspicious 1 twilight 1 emanated 1 damned 1 climb 1 alone 1 phantom 1 tended 1 fortresses 1 leech 's 1 was n't 1 away 1 approximation 1 unsteady 1 picked 1 astray 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 destroyed 1 wherein 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 efficiently 1 fluids 1 left - hand 1 buttocks 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 trail 1 turn 1 traps 1 past 1 agony 1 split 1 satellites 1 gave 1 move 1 malls 1 tastes 1 layered 1 wane 1 notice 1 hamstringing 1 mice 1 sparks 1 destroyer 1 sails 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 bed 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 thaw 1 reach 1 patience 1 particular 1 discern 1 glaring 1 fragmented 1 outstripping 1 symbol 1 reassure 1 tide 1 endless 1 rapid 1 floss 1 inconvenient 1 attracted 1 chair 1 stud 1 practice 1 welding 1 definitely 1 ignored 1 savor 1 milky - lucent 1 angles 1 permitted 1 opportunity 1 hitchhikers 1 chest 1 wondering 1 span 1 wave 1 takes 1 birthday 1 child 1 evaded 1 pretty 1 skeletal 1 lurk 1 fissure 1 whole 1 new 1 discomfiting 1 states 1 suffice 1 innocent 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 nose 1 conclusion 1 consequences 1 piss 1 counterchange 1 actually 1 occasional 1 describe 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 audience 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 thrives 1 reject 1 forward 1 burner 1 tender 1 tarpaulin 1 bunsen 1 pallid 1 welcome 1 intent 1 velvet 1 ten 1 gelid 1 insides 1 sought 1 appropriated 1 accipitrine 1 crumpled 1 insufferable 1 material 1 subjects 1 cross 1 island 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 curious 1 monster 1 thousands 1 driveway 1 suffocate 1 parked 1 fury 1 wallet 1 reeling 1 impetus 1 hat 1 wall 1 quietly 1 anticipation 1 slither 1 knows 1 plates 1 brutes 1 grasping 1 stayed 1 teetered 1 pleas 1 documentaries 1 blind 1 disappointing 1 placate 1 waits 1 sometimes 1 explosion 1 crackle 1 strong 1 comforts 1 microscopes 1 brine 1 almighty 1 presumed 1 suppositories 1 making 1 hungover 1 concern 1 faulty 1 screen 1 opted 1 convinced 1 shriveled 1 roll 1 swim 1 whence 1 seventeen 1 circumstance 1 deliberate 1 boiling 1 twitches 1 joke 1 mountain 1 unbidden 1 flank 1 fly 1 degrees 1 least 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 dance 1 decided 1 idol 1 fixed 1 sloughing 1 stuck 1 defend 1 identity 1 bid 1 almost 1 bellowing 1 revolutions 1 crucifix 1 cast 1 descriptions 1 venus 1 spreading 1 themselves 1 off - put 1 passing 1 odor 1 lubricated 1 leaving 1 stagger 1 grew 1 middle 1 transformation 1 cat 1 impression 1 wake 1 terrestrial 1 clothes 1 unexpressive 1 failing 1 glacier 1 carefully 1 else 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 sundries 1 craving 1 lump 1 missing 1 stationed 1 outwrestle 1 disfigured 1 draws 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 slithering 1 slips 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 emerges 1 sharks 1 struck 1 settled 1 nipped 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 variation 1 accurate 1 squatting 1 aspirin 1 stowed 1 pursuit 1 diminish 1 yarding 1 catholics 1 tribe 1 lag 1 stomp 1 consider 1 carpet 1 frighten 1 weapon 1 sounded 1 funny 1 comprising 1 subtler 1 seemed 1 heavens 1 physics 1 design 1 demons 1 glanced 1 worried 1 enemies 1 pursue 1 becomes 1 sky - rises 1 abyssal 1 happiness 1 cliffs 1 kids 1 shattered 1 united 1 muttered 1 catches 1 gun 1 drone 1 chemicals 1 university 1 inquiry 1 bliss 1 hearkened 1 masses 1 nobody 1 trickling 1 dwindling 1 warm - blooded 1 submerge 1 tomes 1 gravid 1 powerful 1 ripple 1 stabbed 1 loved 1 thickening 1 soft 1 write 1 wildly 1 impairment 1 broken 1 fill 1 warmth 1 desolate 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 rippling 1 gaped 1 awnings 1 pool 1 irresistible 1 madro 1 is n't 1 gaily 1 decide 1 approaching 1 suitable 1 meant 1 workman 1 sterile 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 murder 1 recites 1 hurry 1 rumpled 1 form 1 addiction 1 traveled 1 scalpels 1 urges 1 toothpaste 1 elucidate 1 windows 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 maintains 1 3 - in - one 1 quonset 1 gravel 1 pleasure 1 bracing 1 candle 1 widow 1 veins 1 crazed 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 walk 1 number 1 drawings 1 revel 1 ominous 1 surely 1 flickering 1 prostrate 1 summed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 test 1 seep 1 molting 1 presume 1 heels 1 therefore 1 slowly 1 tape 1 ponderous 1 creatures 1 shoebox 1 carried 1 center - beam 1 mastered 1 sound 1 tissue 1 coat 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 albeit 1 golden 1 tendency 1 aeons 1 assume 1 pay 1 galleries 1 damp 1 got 1 crumble 1 interludes 1 mating 1 unpoked 1 subjected 1 especially 1 ice - age 1 precisely 1 easy 1 incomprehensible 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 guesswork 1 hospitality 1 sacrifice 1 chasm 1 residual 1 frost 1 scratchy 1 device 1 camera 1 vessel 1 antacid 1 slacks 1 field 1 lenses 1 sam 1 fairness 1 played 1 dangerous 1 pall 1 current 1 virus 1 catch 1 glared 1 north 1 recollection 1 deer 1 grounded 1 computer 1 niveous 1 round 1 gleaned 1 christ 1 slumberous 1 retrieve 1 housewives 1 nocturnal 1 shucking 1 would n't 1 prone 1 sanity 1 teeth 1 fabrications 1 complex 1 suspecting 1 cell 1 marred 1 spawning 1 showed 1 thrall 1 filled 1 string 1 grunted 1 probe 1 earthly 1 uttered 1 lightning 1 boiled 1 days 1 strapping 1 tablets 1 inconsiderable 1 keeps 1 firmament 1 anguish 1 muffled 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 consequence 1 despite 1 shallow 1 nameless 1 transforms 1 curtain 1 lamp 1 malign 1 rhode 1 porch 1 annoying 1 effigy 1 pitchforks 1 expertly 1 drip 1 fellow 1 feral 1 lot 1 binds 1 untroubled 1 murders 1 profane 1 hunger 1 mean 1 uproot 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 frailties 1 scope 1 accompany 1 steaming 1 taste 1 root 1 moved 1 effect 1 stay 1 blindly 1 quaver 1 trying 1 major 1 anesthetic 1 obscured 1 above 1 consciousness 1 play 1 snow 1 mortal 1 vigor 1 mighty 1 dancing 1 shrugged 1 discretion 1 lights 1 grasp 1 concupiscent 1 microrecorder 1 placed 1 blossom 1 thank 1 type 1 picking 1 context 1 situation 1 note 1 brink 1 perfection 1 stretch 1 distractions 1 distinctive 1 partially 1 pleasures 1 beard 1 thirty - eight - caliber 1 ramble 1 suckle 1 directly 1 hyaline 1 seeds 1 rejected 1 clathrose 1 blowing 1 killing 1 visions 1 holy 1 puzzle 1 artist 1 seek 1 mention 1 sea - green 1 hunted 1 patent - leather 1 poor 1 waking 1 waiting 1 doors 1 sliced 1 butterfly 1 poisoned 1 righteous 1 toss - axes 1 mug 1 shadowed 1 person 1 resurges 1 monsters 1 squalid 1 impoverished 1 hated 1 freezing 1 clusters 1 line 1 bosnia 1 moaning 1 genome 1 grace 1 need 1 earth 1 tinsel 1 skins 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 everything 1 young 1 spiral 1 offline 1 laugh 1 relentless 1 cusp 1 packages 1 sensitive 1 sequined 1 dwell 1 business 1 warding 1 locust 1 substance 1 although 1 claim 1 tears 1 important 1 presents 1 inaccessible 1 bore 1 girl 1 periods 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 ineluctable 1 affectations 1 bizarre 1 swiftly 1 speaking 1 red 1 notable 1 contains 1 clotted 1 alight 1 spurts 1 content 1 ill - tailored 1 witless 1 chilled 1 canvas 1 rendering 1 black 1 agree 1 philosophers 1 wood 1 anyway 1 nakedness 1 sifted 1 slouching 1 cases 1 shroud 1 warned 1 textures 1 monosyllabic 1 half - roll 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sagging 1 leaching 1 items 1 waters 1 steel 1 cataclysm 1 polyurethane 1 details 1 cocoon 1 metaphor 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 divinity 1 designed 1 fullness 1 shared 1 deities 1 warp 1 fleshly 1 listening 1 accelerated 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 embrace 1 atlantic 1 barred 1 flint 1 rambling 1 shadowlands 1 shorn 1 according 1 pebbles 1 oh 1 hapless 1 language 1 panting 1 dumping 1 scaly 1 bowl 1 assured 1 dinosaurs 1 methane 1 pitted 1 pick 1 winding 1 morning 1 hunched 1 feat 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 crumbling 1 abuse 1 opening 1 vague 1 irritation 1 palace 1 happening 1 moment 1 month 1 mirror 1 uncertain 1 widening 1 bombing 1 nip 1 reserve 1 stand 1 lifted 1 fist 1 risk 1 hungered 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 pressing 1 spoke 1 heat 1 brass 1 heave 1 pores 1 spritzed 1 map 1 inner 1 genial 1 mote 1 survive 1 ole 1 ages 1 predator 1 proper 1 places 1 perfunctory 1 slight 1 ago 1 contradiction 1 mistake 1 lifts 1 safely 1 surface 1 slip 1 hound 1 crack 1 veil 1 trick 1 maybe 1 sequestered 1 guessed 1 normal 1 hood 1 charlatan 1 kindred 1 groove 1 purple 1 kernel 1 beads 1 station 1 crawled 1 truly 1 foolish 1 castle 1 seat 1 torches 1 happened 1 thick 1 nail 1 blinding 1 brutally 1 random 1 lumpy 1 urgency 1 floundering 1 contrived 1 shuttering 1 pyrgoidal 1 disposable 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 opened 1 glistening 1 lame 1 speaker 1 remains 1 face 1 morass 1 delusion 1 home 1 slumbers 1 reasoning 1 murky 1 movement 1 phantasms 1 gazed 1 hoarded 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 legend 1 thorough 1 accuracy 1 survives 1 bones 1 coomb 1 nome 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 become 1 congress 1 took 1 sagacity 1 burned 1 rending 1 seems 1 sapiens 1 clutching 1 smeared 1 careful 1 rest 1 seasons 1 swaying 1 temperatures 1 indulge 1 connell 's 1 heathen 1 pretended 1 chose 1 astronomers 1 sliding 1 sip 1 subterfuge 1 hobbled 1 thinking 1 beings 1 navy 1 vicious 1 scheme 1 intuition 1 uncle 1 love 1 leg 1 rheumy 1 counts 1 bowels 1 ringed 1 stories 1 buffalo 1 ineffable 1 construct 1 unto 1 tongs 1 miles 1 images 1 service 1 forever 1 three 1 anticipatory 1 feeling 1 squamous 1 hearing 1 sadness 1 three - and - a - half 1 flake 1 imprinted 1 void 1 cawed 1 progress 1 self - employed 1 tropical 1 discover 1 full 1 identification 1 refulgence 1 pocked 1 sublime 1 boat 1 doubt 1 assault 1 fetid 1 hardly 1 detector 1 rottweiler 1 brief 1 crushed 1 sprawling 1 blatantly 1 unasked 1 unions 1 recalcitrant 1 speech 1 delighted 1 considered 1 arcane 1 threatening 1 inarticulate 1 moist 1 murphy 1 refined 1 witness 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 proportion 1 trees 1 craggy 1 foul 1 private 1 ordeal 1 happen 1 predating 1 anecdote 1 heel 1 command 1 reconnoiter 1 forged 1 rain 1 ethiopia 1 quite 1 very 1 moon 1 nonetheless 1 galaxy 1 police - issue 1 churning 1 blinking 1 refrain 1 homo 1 slouched 1 leashed 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 sweat 1 pecked 1 warm 1 theater 1 ordering 1 strip 1 starshine 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 appetite 1 blunt 1 teaspoon 1 drift 1 cloying 1 ring 1 pricked 1 primeval 1 suit 1 tired 1 pitcher 1 caressing 1 billion 1 celebrations 1 knuckles 1 authenticity 1 weeks 1 pardon 1 losing 1 deep 1 horizon 1 amusing 1 pounce 1 guided 1 sun 1 poisoning 1 offices 1 bottomless 1 haunting 1 quake 1 impulses 1 famine 1 prolongated 1 remembered 1 uncle 's 1 brushing 1 waste 1 hemorrhoid 1 changes 1 hold 1 nations 1 precise 1 whiskey 1 indicate 1 cabalists 1 accidents 1 free 1 rich 1 branches 1 labor 1 regeneration 1 license 1 apprehended 1 requisite 1 glory 1 allow 1 cognition 1 hour 1 tracks 1 larger 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 mount 1 unkind 1 born 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 alarm 1 spread 1 den 1 rictus 1 given 1 incarnations 1 friends 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 trifle 1 bosom 1 idols 1 bind 1 shower 1 chain 1 separate 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 lingered 1 between 1 loft 1 parts 1 book 1 peru 1 fumbling 1 judgment 1 wedged 1 cryptic 1 incident 1 prehistoric 1 secret 1 branch 1 geographics 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 stippled 1 kill 1 philippines 1 wisely 1 investors 1 silk 1 chaos 1 transferred 1 microbes 1 saddened 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 seared 1 stale 1 draped 1 fully 1 eastern 1 misfortunate 1 soothing 1 scriven 1 day 1 lulled 1 half - blind 1 accord 1 slay 1 suppose 1 huddle 1 must 1 checking 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 justify 1 single 1 slumber 1 since 1 television 1 cinders 1 knocking 1 normally 1 dire 1 darted 1 crocodile 1 creak 1 resembling 1 assumptions 1 obliquangular 1 did n't 1 himself 1 lost 1 tone 1 watched 1 machines 1 nook 1 founding 1 rented 1 unfriendly 1 suffered 1 cared 1 crash 1 wants 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 thread 1 verification 1 tribulations 1 biologists 1 jellyfish 1 wither 1 grains 1 blot 1 trip 1 dredged 1 native 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 fleeing 1 convince 1 perfectly 1 celestial 1 stranded 1 knees 1 lumbering 1 mugs 1 holiday 1 59 1 hammer 1 management 1 boarded 1 uneasiness 1 equal 1 absorbed 1 other 's 1 douses 1 spear 1 visor 1 steeping 1 tends 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 chevrolet 1 mated 1 nor 1 gander 1 ground 1 beneath 1 reached 1 coast 1 pleasurable 1 stark 1 roasting 1 straw 1 enforcement 1 fashion 1 believe 1 salesmen 1 trailing 1 accept 1 troopers 1 splayed 1 gloom 1 could n't 1 bethlehem 1 yes 1 solid 1 mode 1 marvel 1 creepy 1 scrambling 1 springs 1 gusts 1 abrupt 1 called 1 submarines 1 carnival 1 floating 1 knotted 1 lurked 1 looming 1 step 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 immense 1 centuries 1 adjusted 1 unsubstantiated 1 neglected 1 gazing 1 delved 1 steakhouse 1 twin 1 membrane 1 small 1 dread 1 clumsy 1 contemplation 1 limits 1 color 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 locked 1 fancy 1 glide 1 sort 1 drank 1 exposed 1 blossoming 1 exclamations 1 lightless 1 ask 1 warns 1 shelf 1 suing 1 plant 1 nearly 1 low 1 inevitable 1 sensational 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 take 1 minute 1 inhabit 1 impossible 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 linear 1 books 1 school 1 frigid 1 griseous 1 maintained 1 ponder 1 slant 1 cursed 1 silicon 1 psychedelic 1 copulation 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 islets 1 present 1 formicating 1 virgins 1 amuse 1 decaying 1 peace 1 nectar 1 joined 1 interrupted 1 mantle 1 cabins 1 dominating 1 driving 1 self - determination 1 correct 1 values 1 spinning 1 phrase 1 temples 1 laconic 1 fastening 1 bitter 1 colliding 1 confusion 1 ultimate 1 cavernous 1 jelly 1 shores 1 list 1 accident 1 crow 1 falls 1 massive 1 organisms 1 swamps 1 supplication 1 glaucous 1 eats 1 side 1 fired 1 antiquitous 1 town 1 enough 1 acting 1 bloom 1 portend 1 hunter 1 completely 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 amusement 1 continents 1 loneliness 1 pulsating 1 paid 1 atheists 1 instant 1 imprecations 1 procreation 1 majority 1 hubris 1 decimated 1 glue 1 carry 1 spirit 1 learn 1 gleaming 1 involvement 1 extending 1 investigation 1 obsidian 1 traces 1 heller 1 glasses 1 origins 1 burn 1 latest 1 works 1 brought 1 cosmetics 1 oaths 1 along 1 filtering 1 bestow 1 fur 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 drop 1 football 1 scrabbling 1 reduced 1 missionaries 1 times 1 scientists 1 electrochemical 1 feared 1 persons 1 prawns 1 decay 1 pluto 1 saw 1 quaint 1 painless 1 corporations 1 overall 1 structure 1 clearer 925 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
the royal zoo is closed - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the royal zoo is closed 309 the 182 a 143 and 108 of 83 in 70 he 70 to 64 was 47 his 45 sweeney 44 it 39 on 33 as 28 with 23 were 23 that 22 or 22 from 22 at 20 for 19 an 19 into 17 no 17 i 16 had 15 by 14 its 14 their 14 not 13 you 13 they 12 if 12 so 12 like 11 him 11 man 11 there 10 what 10 too 10 is 10 one 9 me 9 last 9 why 9 but 9 mass 9 them 9 through 8 she 8 was n't 8 just 8 be 8 off 7 i ' m 7 her 7 up 7 do 7 take 7 read 7 out 6 can 6 who 6 you 're 6 this 6 some 6 how 6 nothing 6 graffiti 6 said 6 it 's 6 did n't 6 when 6 could n't 6 across 5 people 5 even 5 would 5 right 5 sometimes 5 good 5 made 5 until 5 all 5 black 5 every 5 mouth 5 about 5 stared 5 here 5 always 5 these 5 enough 4 going 4 set 4 could 4 want 4 thumbprint 4 never 4 wearing 4 way 4 under 4 confucius 4 whole 4 went 4 your 4 did 4 much 4 only 4 paper 4 big 4 know 4 other 4 another 4 wanted 4 well 4 world 4 would n't 4 think 4 old 4 morning 4 dead 4 maybe 4 trees 4 then 4 thought 4 hand 4 see 4 modern 3 already 3 get 3 something 3 he 'd 3 racist 3 past 3 gave 3 after 3 any 3 wall 3 where 3 bus 3 make 3 uh 3 ones 3 seemed 3 office 3 yeah 3 meant 3 being 3 clicked 3 over 3 got 3 shot 3 time 3 human 3 closed 3 days 3 mean 3 began 3 shortcake 3 hell 3 city 3 everything 3 pants 3 have 3 dog 3 life 3 sky 3 places 3 down 3 own 3 lived 3 face 3 home 3 might 3 water 3 shadow 3 light 3 blood 3 yet 3 between 3 though 3 day 3 since 3 harem 3 mother 3 background 3 small 3 once 3 either 3 tried 3 stalled 3 around 3 first 2 opera 2 hats 2 everyone 2 resembled 2 matter 2 trenches 2 p 2 better 2 square 2 doc 2 table 2 country 2 job 2 white 2 briefcase 2 that 's 2 go 2 universe 2 thunder 2 tiger 2 age 2 sweeney 's 2 bottles 2 hope 2 today 2 pigeons 2 fire 2 hungry 2 wine 2 shoot 2 fat 2 coffee 2 lips 2 neighbor 2 bloody 2 little 2 mailboxes 2 those 2 away 2 dirty 2 metal 2 poured 2 shit 2 mouths 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 ocean 2 bed 2 neck 2 than 2 schizophrenic 2 symbol 2 piece 2 image 2 impotent 2 back 2 came 2 someone 2 do n't 2 new 2 send 2 s 2 money 2 more 2 stop 2 information 2 there 's 2 horn 2 doctor 2 upon 2 west 2 come 2 next 2 homicide 2 everywhere 2 eat 2 cat 2 against 2 flickered 2 inside 2 mind 2 except 2 quit 2 nobody 2 holes 2 carved 2 fremont 2 air 2 give 2 may 2 hall 2 different 2 jesus 2 now 2 retreated 2 far 2 makes 2 sound 2 coat 2 golden 2 crowds 2 chasm 2 such 2 guess 2 ancient 2 afraid 2 teeth 2 cry 2 has 2 dying 2 buddy 2 hotel 2 shovel 2 apple 2 events 2 fastened 2 clouds 2 searching 2 moved 2 apartment 2 shouted 2 professional 2 things 2 few 2 should 2 waiting 2 doors 2 cup 2 car 2 fingers 2 wrote 2 below 2 call 2 open 2 here 's 2 pressed 2 flog 2 alexander 2 war 2 bowl 2 cage 2 happening 2 moment 2 eyes 2 beginning 2 fires 2 hawking 2 crack 2 cold 2 had n't 2 thoughts 2 getting 2 prescription 2 gazed 2 burned 2 shrink 2 several 2 heart 2 legs 2 three 2 two 2 silence 2 each 2 screw 2 plot 2 full 2 cipher 2 however 2 considered 2 still 2 will 2 zoo 2 cause 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 moon 2 problem 2 bomb 2 sun 2 remembered 2 plum 2 free 2 hour 2 royal 2 space 2 book 2 hollywood 2 looked 2 children 2 ever 2 appeared 2 lost 2 maggy 2 wear 2 o ' 2 dollars 2 pioneer 2 guy 2 true 2 ground 2 which 2 found 2 nearly 2 cigarette 2 window 2 floor 2 ate 2 walked 2 tell 2 cockney 2 stage 2 elephants 2 street 2 been 2 name 2 door 2 buried 2 courtesy 2 glasses 2 head 2 she 'd 2 brought 2 thing 2 along 2 drop 2 stupid 2 live 1 bedrock 1 pings 1 gray 1 twenty 1 hominids 1 fuck 1 strip - mall 1 cerebrum 1 mural 1 bullhorns 1 death 1 booth 1 lies 1 loaded 1 recollected 1 blinds 1 gone 1 goddamned 1 crown 1 obey 1 stoplights 1 penalty 1 failed 1 local 1 theologians 1 fish 1 texans 1 truck 1 adders 1 suspicion 1 skateboard 1 hive 1 show 1 sufficient 1 abiding 1 breath 1 icbms 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 stigmata 1 drunk 1 artless 1 bronzed 1 matted 1 excess 1 cracks 1 commented 1 veteran 1 drugs 1 arms 1 degenerate 1 building 1 vernacular 1 waitress 1 banker 1 happy 1 green 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 feasting 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 b 1 paralyzed 1 brim 1 vast 1 bulldozing 1 nosebleeds 1 fridge 1 escalators 1 pious 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 expression 1 wonder 1 saint 1 invented 1 learning 1 cabinet 1 sleep 1 bedrooms 1 drifted 1 both 1 sailor 1 overcome 1 transit 1 concrete 1 sloshed 1 drinking 1 couch 1 transients 1 wet 1 scribed 1 hail 1 tv 1 candles 1 third 1 premature 1 casting 1 leviathans 1 shock 1 pigeon 1 spray 1 occasion 1 afford 1 bottom 1 mortar 1 approach 1 hot 1 incidentally 1 eighteenth 1 scotch 1 safehouse 1 foreign 1 district 1 bleeding 1 sock 1 underdog 1 dens 1 late 1 foot 1 plan 1 tak 1 yolk 1 shudder 1 worker 1 pat 1 coda 1 exist 1 transformed 1 groan 1 socrates 1 necessary 1 sport 1 natural 1 pot 1 humming 1 fix 1 card 1 espresso 1 alchemy 1 cult 1 dawn 1 galactic 1 whispering 1 primordial 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 artists 1 represented 1 plastic 1 perched 1 inherit 1 splattered 1 striding 1 hair 1 aircraft 1 sea 1 tie 1 hill 1 freeway 1 stalin 1 disjointed 1 polyphemus 1 dimness 1 noriega 1 tuned 1 turban 1 near 1 five - mile 1 he 's 1 trapped 1 action 1 polar 1 woke 1 many 1 slave 1 buxom 1 god 1 gravity 1 church 1 massacre 1 ejaculations 1 stolen 1 college 1 watching 1 shelter 1 gravy 1 wrong 1 hiss - boom - bah 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 dark 1 janitors 1 implications 1 crap 1 dirt - blacked 1 german 1 seized 1 tints 1 inspiration 1 shelling 1 fast 1 instinct 1 empathy 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ballsy 1 norma 1 ripped 1 telepathically 1 doozies 1 emaciated 1 cigarettes 1 puzzled 1 bristled 1 callous 1 neighborhoods 1 riding 1 funnels 1 syllable 1 they 'd 1 switch 1 pathos 1 j 1 knights 1 metaphysical 1 horn - rim 1 filament 1 revved 1 say 1 underdone 1 brick 1 pit 1 freaking 1 tragically 1 imprezio 1 diner 1 barn 1 kept 1 pancakes 1 length 1 woodwork 1 collective 1 understand 1 whirled 1 split 1 biological 1 passed 1 monologue 1 anxiety 1 blats 1 canvases 1 bug 1 conversation 1 apothegm 1 button 1 speculated 1 bangs 1 99 1 dusty 1 touring 1 goes 1 we 1 buildings 1 itzhak 1 bas - relief 1 testosterone - aggravated 1 dropping 1 g - string 1 soon 1 wipe 1 end 1 homeless 1 scavenging 1 limestone 1 purely 1 neatly 1 great 1 independence 1 stomachs 1 particular 1 without 1 jeff 1 pictures 1 department 1 wristwatches 1 11 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 zero 1 cells 1 ankle 1 nebula 1 chasing 1 perceive 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 jean 1 supple 1 vanity 1 cops ' 1 five - star 1 beehive 1 lenin 1 irrational 1 india 1 1788 1 d 1 stumbled 1 struggled 1 chest 1 esteemed 1 vatican 1 theological 1 child 1 comfort 1 foreigners 1 grown 1 organizations 1 pretty 1 thud 1 ammonia 1 innocent 1 bentov 1 nose 1 tripped 1 wide 1 finger 1 screamed 1 delusional 1 start 1 spattered 1 supernumerary 1 leftist 1 actually 1 sweated 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 fireman 1 obeying 1 pleasant 1 plaster 1 hiss 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 exodus 1 cap 1 diabolical 1 asteroids 1 rebuff 1 blown 1 madness 1 rats 1 peanut 1 vesuvius 1 detritus 1 bugs 1 hoof 1 sake 1 salon 1 soldiers 1 prey 1 ted 1 patterns 1 argot 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 hoping 1 palatable 1 most 1 writers 1 roof 1 look 1 passenger 1 hometown 1 desert 1 flocks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 topple 1 kin 1 windmilling 1 ducked 1 gelded 1 yawned 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 smashup 1 76 1 bandits 1 left 1 fact 1 seen 1 shifted 1 refer 1 vowed 1 noisy 1 sweep 1 means 1 garbage 1 utilitarian 1 thoroughly 1 recall 1 underrepresented 1 armed 1 crush 1 coffin 1 screen 1 cherub 1 atom 1 probably 1 postscript 1 slime 1 plenty 1 maze 1 fixated 1 swaggart 1 disgorged 1 fly 1 dignity 1 gum 1 less 1 vodka 1 decided 1 lovingly 1 cargo 1 skull 1 stuck 1 crashing 1 lately 1 sunrise 1 instruments 1 teeming 1 deserted 1 trey 1 circle 1 died 1 crucifix 1 science 1 mr 1 slashed 1 churches 1 worry 1 scraped 1 grew 1 millennial 1 mob 1 fizzled 1 committee 1 stretcher 1 calcified 1 whale 1 glass 1 relegated 1 wax 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 habit 1 excavated 1 chronicles 1 engine 1 hiding 1 appraising 1 brush 1 focus 1 scratch 1 begin 1 geologically 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 superstructures 1 likely 1 peeping 1 sighed 1 political 1 somebody 1 steady 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 valleys 1 i ' ve 1 france 1 salvo 1 ditch 1 escape 1 genuflect 1 handball 1 brave 1 pregnant 1 ellipses 1 sleek 1 confuses 1 manual 1 sigh 1 demolished 1 carpet 1 lovecraft 's 1 twitching 1 turnout 1 makeshift 1 follows 1 design 1 worried 1 american 1 slit 1 olives 1 wingtip 1 planted 1 occurred 1 muttered 1 parents 1 caroming 1 term 1 ash 1 university 1 what 's 1 quarantined 1 trickling 1 fueled 1 phosphorescent 1 flightless 1 chords 1 entered 1 immunized 1 discovered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 teams 1 hung 1 soft 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 kilroy 1 blared 1 washington 1 have n't 1 earnest 1 inscrutable 1 worse 1 lone 1 suckers 1 genocide 1 doctors 1 critics 1 so - called 1 muzzle 1 arizona 1 row 1 beheld 1 rippling 1 prances 1 sheaves 1 none 1 pool 1 napkins 1 is n't 1 scales 1 erratic 1 trolling 1 insurance 1 all - star 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 marker 1 early 1 fig 1 murder 1 trade 1 hurry 1 form 1 telescopically 1 morris 1 vanished 1 ribs 1 ca nt 1 continental 1 automatic 1 impatiently 1 overwhelming 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 walls 1 floe 1 hurried 1 consensus 1 tigers 1 ah 1 steeples 1 veins 1 impulse 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 dali 's 1 weekday 1 faults 1 peyote 1 universal 1 waited 1 recitation 1 best 1 paradigms 1 korean 1 aloud 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 psychotic 1 tattoos 1 biblically 1 animals 1 cortex 1 also 1 bled 1 asphalt 1 folded 1 quest 1 aboard 1 shacking 1 satchels 1 thunderheads 1 hunkered 1 albeit 1 coach 1 seahawks 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 assume 1 galleries 1 strung 1 paw 1 parameters 1 receive 1 slammed 1 starters 1 baseball 1 cut 1 papers 1 welles 1 precisely 1 easy 1 coming 1 tortoise 1 broom 1 join 1 ruined 1 authentic 1 plains 1 packed 1 likes 1 rolling 1 camera 1 safer 1 arches 1 page 1 sam 1 socket 1 estimation 1 shape 1 compulsion 1 example 1 amsterdam 1 mrs 1 north 1 violins 1 computer 1 staccato 1 convulsive 1 coagulated 1 rorschach - eats - escher 1 christ 1 high - strung 1 abyss 1 shortly 1 physicist 1 you 'll 1 spark 1 u 1 chinese 1 bulls 1 breached 1 avarice 1 imperative 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 quavered 1 globe 1 showed 1 filled 1 string 1 rustled 1 upstream 1 attraction 1 grunted 1 seabeds 1 suddenly 1 bottle 1 pakistan 1 poets 1 production 1 boiled 1 michelangelo 1 outskirts 1 flower 1 anguish 1 frown 1 throat 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 week 1 despite 1 curtain 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 israel 1 korea 1 shiny 1 alien 1 stingers 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 grabbed 1 submarine 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 ice 1 columns 1 pointed 1 chin 1 message 1 belly 1 encyclopedic 1 spent 1 magic 1 softly 1 chickens 1 taste 1 returned 1 carrier 1 portuguese 1 perhaps 1 greasy 1 gabe 1 loop - de - loops 1 self - limiting 1 trying 1 gives 1 above 1 help 1 consciousness 1 noise 1 cruel 1 wobbly 1 facts 1 obviously 1 rags 1 authoritarian 1 seal 1 studied 1 figures 1 cracked 1 lights 1 nonexistent 1 curses 1 bit 1 grasp 1 birds 1 urban 1 knew 1 swig 1 trigger 1 sure - enough 1 flounder 1 laundry 1 snakes 1 nature 1 mayfly 1 eye 1 market 1 fight 1 colossal 1 sculptors 1 blue - haired 1 mitts 1 swam 1 vomited 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 certain 1 elicits 1 barrel 1 amount 1 china 1 police 1 swooned 1 told 1 celebrity 1 blowing 1 prophecies 1 famous 1 promised 1 intervals 1 gondwanaland 1 trickled 1 indoor - outdoor 1 fine 1 heads 1 pol 1 caverns 1 chick 1 entr'acte 1 hide 1 smiling 1 w 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 thieves 1 watch 1 properly 1 presses 1 paragraphs 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 glyphs 1 empire 1 hip 1 known 1 atop 1 shotgunned 1 disaffected 1 reformed 1 unyoked 1 positively 1 squalid 1 teepee 1 ho - hum 1 curled 1 bullied 1 grief 1 palpitations 1 rituals 1 laurasia 1 salad 1 digital 1 stunned 1 house 1 sports 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 amounted 1 earth 1 outside 1 center 1 glitzy 1 knowing 1 pundits 1 print 1 breadth 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 lighted 1 calculus 1 glimpsed 1 substance 1 although 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 girl 1 wondered 1 lance 1 prestidigitation 1 heavies 1 humanity 1 agreed - upon 1 quickest 1 speaking 1 red 1 practically 1 unlaced 1 infrequent 1 might ' ve 1 apologetically 1 zen 1 ants 1 unless 1 ablaze 1 timid 1 kick 1 orchestra 1 mostly 1 slogans 1 hours 1 canvas 1 crevices 1 jacks 1 wavering 1 supercollider 1 anyway 1 proliferated 1 frozen 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 speak 1 darkness 1 cymbal 1 sad 1 gorillas 1 warned 1 tick 1 adam 's 1 painted 1 ticket 1 recesses 1 stoics 1 kudzu 1 informal 1 suits 1 typeset 1 self - styled 1 portfolio 1 high - rise 1 details 1 trademark 1 childhood 1 height 1 trundling 1 bullring 1 cappella 1 klaxon 1 bathroom 1 fleshly 1 swelling 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 russia 1 staggering 1 caught 1 grass 1 domesticated 1 oh 1 specialized 1 language 1 bag 1 carrying 1 recording 1 emotional 1 media 1 radiation 1 pick 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 somber 1 blue 1 drive 1 oscillator 1 mail 1 saved 1 somewhere 1 polyester 1 date 1 wheel - well 1 rubber 1 buy 1 wield 1 sometime 1 whips 1 mirror 1 orbit 1 outrage 1 widening 1 interrogative 1 static 1 lasted 1 coliseum 1 stand 1 fist 1 undulating 1 calling 1 brand 1 care 1 subterranean 1 heat 1 brass 1 squirming 1 map 1 reverberations 1 fujimoto 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 metropolis 1 case 1 eerie 1 predator 1 bucket 1 haze 1 bred 1 surface 1 slip 1 painters 1 sweeny 's 1 defined 1 fearless 1 complexity 1 smelling 1 brandished 1 unoccupied 1 pithy 1 animal 1 changing 1 circles 1 shins 1 cheap 1 purple 1 lowercase 1 despised 1 crawled 1 frenchman 1 clash 1 licked 1 wound 1 truly 1 grin 1 allen 1 citizens 1 seat 1 happened 1 engendered 1 lutheran 1 remnants 1 random 1 smart 1 answer 1 starbucks 1 half - expected 1 napoleon 1 butts 1 buck 's 1 sumo 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 blokes 1 surge 1 opened 1 shtick 1 added 1 rocket 1 grab 1 murky 1 hottie 1 hammering 1 couple 1 large 1 sense 1 dwarf 1 brothers 1 mystics 1 lawyers 1 hands 1 sidewalk 1 physically 1 gathered 1 helm 1 are 1 memories 1 rabbit 1 become 1 my 1 central 1 silverware 1 letter 1 smeared 1 murmuring 1 karma 1 ha - ha 1 muzak 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 plate 1 krakatoa 1 rosary 1 cousin 1 prufrock 1 sandwich 1 thinking 1 camelot 1 microwaved 1 guards 1 cockroaches 1 serenade 1 splinter 1 overpasses 1 enraged 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 crosswalk 1 hearts 1 heaven 1 tagged 1 calendars 1 work 1 psychiatric 1 downtown 1 maneuvers 1 cruisers 1 tongs 1 epoch 1 service 1 emerged 1 forever 1 plummeted 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 jimmy 1 horror 1 revollution 1 feeling 1 nubile 1 outta 1 peeled 1 nanotech 1 dumb 1 multitudinous 1 circuit 1 spectrums 1 nomenclature 1 remotely 1 pencil 1 sleepy 1 sleeve 1 amalgamation 1 transplants 1 countries 1 trumpet 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 finished 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 panic 1 customer 1 accompanied 1 flexed 1 bird 1 double 1 squeeze 1 xenophobe 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 restraint 1 spoons 1 year 1 sprawled 1 among 1 muscles 1 talon 1 soap 1 hitler 1 fawn - eyed 1 crawling 1 steerage 1 hash - house 1 proportion 1 breakfast 1 wealth 1 hovered 1 wind 1 cover 1 preference 1 knocked 1 seagulls 1 skin 1 milliseconds 1 combed 1 rain 1 preoccupation 1 interred 1 mash - allah 1 theories 1 captured 1 teacher 1 very 1 nonetheless 1 blinking 1 warrant 1 tight 1 were n't 1 became 1 dry 1 stairs 1 ledges 1 dilated 1 numbers 1 percent 1 exactly 1 smashed 1 traffic 1 stars 1 crackpot 1 dragnets 1 stuffed 1 preferably 1 curtains 1 torched 1 coverage 1 artificial 1 bear 1 drift 1 algorithm 1 ring 1 sailor 's 1 pudding 1 billion 1 sat 1 zookeeper 1 vitus 1 roadmap 1 hunk 1 tower 1 lunatic 1 cars 1 deep 1 meticulously 1 cop 1 regularity 1 bouncing 1 domes 1 quality 1 encrypted 1 food 1 often 1 raw 1 vision 1 thus 1 panicky 1 conjecture 1 warps 1 flowed 1 hundred - thousand 1 meteorites 1 antenna - twitch 1 felt 1 resonated 1 revolving 1 named 1 branches 1 smirking 1 query 1 prison 1 isosceles 1 bags 1 evolution 1 incorrectly 1 allow 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 propriety 1 dim 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 nude 1 volcanic 1 proximate 1 overrun 1 fiend 1 eaten 1 clay 1 coke 1 alarm 1 boss 1 hike 1 delicious 1 copasetic 1 dryers 1 chain 1 obsessing 1 territory 1 fumbling 1 put 1 slid 1 trash 1 catching 1 filtered 1 prehistoric 1 visited 1 chaos 1 nothing 's 1 coalition 1 motorcycle 1 beer 1 drones 1 plaza 1 exhibited 1 theoretically 1 problems 1 turbans 1 commercially 1 hysteria 1 must 1 whorls 1 needle 1 looters 1 faces 1 beans 1 pocket 1 herbal 1 faded 1 bow 1 pulled 1 shoes 1 oppy 1 astride 1 anybody 's 1 gods 1 radar 1 crackling 1 dogs 1 bum 1 boards 1 watched 1 machines 1 chanted 1 suffered 1 within 1 led 1 tongue 1 covers 1 new - wave 1 cosmic 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 off - key 1 ready 1 jellyfish 1 dope 1 trip 1 track 1 she 's 1 pills 1 because 1 tiny 1 statue 1 bank 1 decade 1 tour 1 train 1 parka 1 deflated 1 monogrammed 1 mantra 1 sideways 1 treacherous 1 asked 1 blew 1 knees 1 done 1 gaping 1 spring 1 struggle 1 iran 1 studded 1 hammer 1 triple 1 candlewick 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 cake 1 sledgehammers 1 orson 1 oblong 1 shore 1 synapses 1 scores 1 spear 1 nightmare 1 buffalo - skin 1 nor 1 wadded 1 scared 1 decency 1 wander 1 prop 1 swallowed 1 woody 1 skeletons 1 coast 1 remote 1 chromatic 1 stark 1 drying 1 apprehend 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 promises 1 fruit 1 scratched 1 darkened 1 malignant 1 further 1 masochist 's 1 dictator 's 1 sign 1 daycare 1 change 1 are n't 1 laughed 1 friggin ' 1 thirty 1 called 1 spy 1 puppets 1 lurked 1 suv 1 looming 1 bibles 1 unnatural 1 stress 1 disenfranchised 1 extinction 1 ghetto 1 flaccid 1 foamed 1 cried 1 does n't 1 shaking 1 sinister 1 speculation 1 conviction 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 onward 1 mindless 1 slavered 1 sort 1 game 1 drank 1 mariners 1 counterclockwise 1 former 1 slang 1 c 1 fantasy 1 out - sprinting 1 training 1 devolved 1 fifty 1 while 1 herd 1 cradle 1 refrigerator 1 held 1 pierced 1 slobbered 1 fiddle 1 bullet 1 shutting 1 rappers 1 heroin 1 unshakable 1 school 1 popeye 1 hoops 1 conspired 1 fell 1 pause 1 stepped 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 paint 1 wore 1 pod 1 holocaust 1 granite 1 charities 1 habitations 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 present 1 starlet 1 heavy 1 decaying 1 night 1 wherever 1 bursting 1 intellectual 1 flare 1 would - be 1 waldo 1 common 1 cockroach 1 wept 1 supposed 1 tag 1 excommunicated 1 terrorized 1 sang 1 century 1 brahma 1 spelled 1 temples 1 quiet 1 boil 1 clock 1 list 1 glowering 1 ineffably 1 glance 1 leave 1 billboards 1 irritated 1 section 1 babies 1 tunnel 1 side 1 contours 1 ax 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 social 1 completely 1 homes 1 short 1 starboard 1 recliner 1 paid 1 seventy 1 atheists 1 cinematographer 1 snore 1 gleaming 1 traces 1 stephen 1 epiphany 1 rattling 1 us 1 gulag 1 stinking 1 shop 1 butter 1 years 1 bought 1 fur 1 foundation 1 tweaking 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 hugged 1 shambles 1 repair 1 mosaics 1 counter 1 soul 1 before 1 checked 1 handwriting 1 room 1 high 1 h 1 consumed 932 .
by the time he passed that fruit , he was well into eggplant , his face such a dark pressurized violet natassia was sure the mans head was about to pop like a dropped water balloon .
inside the bright white interior there was nothing but the two nuns busy shopping the shelves with a hand basket of chips , chocolate , and fruit , and the sales guy at the counter .
i wanted music with the feel - good flair of jimmy buffett bumming around the bahamas in his flowered shirt and mirrored sunglasses , something that made me think of rum and fruit blended together in a tall , icy glass with a little umbrella sticking out of the top .
there was everywhere a bewildering mass of fruit blossom -- apple , plum , pear , cherry .
a tan jeep tore around the corner , almost striking the stickball - playing children and careening into a fruit sellers cart .
he sniffed the airthe odor of vinegar must have been his imagination , he assumedand realized the chamber smelled much like the basement of his mothers house in banbury ; like an ill maintained , moldy fruit cellar .
ah hid in the fruit cellar when some psychos started shootin at jims farm .
before long , they were driving up mile end road , its streets packed with asian market stalls selling fruits and vegetable , cheap plastic alarm clocks , scarves , and knock - off gucci t - shirts .
spencer listened with non - imitated fascination , and was inspired to share a story of an experience he endured as a child of how he witnessed a brutal and unforgettable scene as a child of a bicyclist killed by a driverhow he was nt wearing a helmet and that his head was cracked open like a busted - open melon , a mess of blood and brains and pieces of skull splayed out covering almost the entire intersection ; his corpse as inanimate as a crushed fruit that had dropped and began leaking its innards at large quantities .
they checked the kitchen where they found an assortment of old , expired boring food itemscanned vegetables from bottom rung independent processorsthat were scattered in cupboards , on counters and in the refrigerator , where it had carried a bowl of rotted fruit , gallons of month - old milk , and a pile of condiment packets from various fast food restaurants .
forbidden fruit tastes the sweetest .
lloyds market had always had a nice selection of general - store staples and the hardest - to - manufacture - at - home grocery items : flour , sugar , dried fruit , and sweet syrups .
true , so instead i bought some fruit and veggies and snacks .
as the enraptured ichabod fancied all this , and as he rolled his great green eyes over the fat meadow lands , the rich fields of wheat , of rye , of buckwheat , and indian corn , and the orchards burdened with ruddy fruit , which surrounded the warm tenement of van tassel , his heart yearned after the damsel who was to inherit these domains , and his imagination expanded with the idea , how they might be readily turned into cash , and the money invested in immense tracts of wild land , and shingle palaces in the wilderness .
` ` oatmeal or fruit . ''
in stark contrast to the delicious smelling food that is laid out on the table , my plate consists of a mixture of fruits and vegetables .
everything seemed to be either made of dried fruit or dried fruit stuck inside fist - sized blocks of nougat .
everything seemed to be either made of dried fruit or dried fruit stuck inside fist - sized blocks of nougat .
when larger game is scarce , a leopard will eat mice , fruit , porcupines , baboons or crocodiles .
it takes a few weeks to weed out the rotten fruit , but it 's worth it in the end .
in addition to the copious amount of spirits up for sale , there was a wide variety of other wares such as jewelry , clothing , and various exotic fruits and vegetables , some of which brice was entirely unfamiliar with , having most likely been acquired from the outland fringe or even deep within the uncharted lands .
those idyllic evenings , dyed with the carnal vermilion red of the tramontante alone , they purchased the opulent procacit of mature june with the full heavy leafy branches of the trees of delicious fruits and sensual adult leaves that hypnotized for the depth of their verdone more and more .
everything the to do of her was nearly fruit of a way to be reasoned not , but its instinct made her / it a to be superior , able to develop his / her own abilities in impressive way .
you / they had made a small escort of coconut and fruits you launch found in the wood .
was it everything fruit of his / her imagination ?
i get the fruit , can turn on the fire , but you must strive you to chase and to fish and to give me a sure place whether to give birth and to let our children to grow ! ''
they ate the fruit laid down , still grasped the one to the other .
when it noticed under to that half wood ton the pulped body , almost pits a mature fruit too much fallen by a tree and stamped on by an imprudent passer - by of his / her wife .
the contrast to the beautiful purity around it was sicking , a spot of rot on a glossy fruit before adams teeth bit in , and as i turned to the other mirrors it was suddenly all around me .
god told us not to eat any forbidden fruit .
over it , the grisly exposure of the fruit of the sin more detested by the old one .
the fruit of the violated tree had decayed by now .
the fruit handed him .
they were eyes that you / they saw with dismay the fruit of the guilt : the sperm on the suit , a bleakness onanistico that never in his / her life you / he / she had tried .
our fruit wo n't die anymore .
the pain of the constraint , of the castration , of the frustration and street assonando , had conceived such a damaged fruit ?
helen attended a baby , a tender monster fruit of the most revolting incestuous practices , child of a bunga hallucinated bunga , child of everybody , and for this not his / her .
oughtta be nuttiern a case a fruit cakes .
heres a nice , round fruit .
when abraham finally faced him and held up the fruit , lot nodded again .
he pulled out cartons of canned meat , vegetables , and fruit , but only to peer behind them .
the tv in the waiting room only showed a repeating cartoon red heart preaching about the importance of regular exercise and eating lots of fruits and vegetables every day .
there was a day - old bakery building with a sign in the window promising all the savvy shoppers of cooterlique that they could purchase assorted flavors of frosted fruit pies at the remarkably low price of five for a dollar .
she made balloons out of fruit .
he felt like someone who had just eaten the fruit of knowledge .
black and gnarled and ancient , it stood bowed over with the weight of countless twisted branches , each heavy with a purple tuberous fruit .
the concentrated scent of the fruit drew all of them , far too many to get at him at once .
something about it drew my eyes ; half of my brain screamed for me to disregard it , the other half lit up like a fruit machine hitting its jackpot , smothering the door in intrigue .
they 're fine at first but they ... well , they 're like fruit .
he 'd built a small tower of food near the till which included a variety of sandwiches ( triangles of bread filled with salad things , wrapped tightly in cling - film ) , healthy fruit ' n nut bars , and five packets of prawn cocktail flavoured potato chips .
leaves of green filled the trees , then they blossomed , fruit budding on their branches .
instead of leaves , and ripened fruit , bodies dangled from the branches ; the immortal kin of solo ki , damned to suffer for eternity lest alec can set them free .
a percolator was on the stove and a basket of fruit hung over a small breakfast table .
i decided not to tell him what i thought of his fucking fruit .
the stream is a little bigger than the one before but with fruit trees aligning its sides .
finding none , miguel and i swipe some bananas off one of the trees and start gobbling the fruit .
` ` take this , '' helga tells me as she hands me some fruit .
the only trees out there were a few short fruit - bearing types , and the full expanse of the sky was clearly visible .
it was the only non - barf fruit i could think about eating this early .
lori r. lopez the fruit of thy womb the end of the world began with a rotten banana .
ziggy boyle stood in an alley on a blistering day and nonchalantly peeled the piece of fruit then noticed to his disgust the white interior had dissolved to a dark slimy pulp .
a mass of cockroaches scuttled to mob the smeared fruit , a common sight .
fear was etched in the wrinkles of her blanched visage as she whispered hoarsely , a barely audible hiss : cursed be the fruit of thy womb !
they did nt look like regular fruit flies .
did fruit flies usually sound like that ?
wow , i dreamed i was attacked by fruit flies .
this plague of fruit flies , or whatever you could call it , seemed to originate with me .
oh yeah , i was nibbled by fruit flies , whereas my fellow infected were chomped by humans .
the fruit flies did nt kill me .
the fruit flies planted eggs ; their growth cycle must have accelerated .
you did nt even know a fruit fly could bite !
a solemn asian anchorwoman intones , hair mussed , her complexion damp : the fruit flies mutated to carnivores by retaining teeth from their larval phase .
there were three bags of pasta , less than two dozen cans of soup , one large bag of rice , eight cans of pasta sauce , seven cans of tuna , fourteen cans of fruit of various kinds , three boxes of jell - o , one bag of flour and sugar each , a small bag of brown sugar , a half box of tea , one of each of my favourite spices , and that was about it for food of the non - perishable sort .
the fridge was full of fresh veggies and fruit , milk , cheese , half a dozen eggs , and two cuts of beef from dinner two nights ago .
the obvious places were first , kitchen and pantry , both of which were full to the brim with food , preserves , cans of fruit , and pasta .
dropping them like dead fruit falling from a tree on a windy day , then making work of two more .
what was more , this scrawny halfling did so for nearly a full morning , and then everyone gathered afterwards for fruit salads and sweet tea and shared with one another the pathetic experiences of their week .
needless to say , religious services in reets neck of the hinter tended to be few and far between and without the tasty fruit salads at the end .
the house the moon was orange and low , newly risen through the pines like a sick , over - ripe fruit hanging forgotten from a limb .
forever , he d bite into the juicy fruit and think of her .
ravensmore has gardens , both flowers and edible things such as vegetables , fruits and herbs .
the castle boasts a large greenhouse or as it used to be called an orangerie , where oranges , lemons , and other fruits difficult to grow in scotland flourish .
shed finished off eggs , fruit , potato pancakes , toast , jam , tea , and amen sistercold pepsi .
torches surrounded them in the clearing , only yards from the overgrown fields , where fruit and corn once grew , when the curtis family was rich .
max took a sip of his coffee , the cup bearing max packaging and fruit ridge county , michigan .
is max packaging the only factory in fruit ridge ?
one read , small business thrives after drought and fruit ridge recovers after drought disaster .
i used to think fruit ridge was dead little town .
she had spent years looking after her elderly parents , who almost lost their fruit orchards during the drought .
fifty acres of property in fruit ridge county .
they heard the front doors open , two male fruit ridge county police officers entered .
the fruit ridge township cemetery was only a few miles from annas house , off the main road into town , on another dirt road .
i went to fruit ridge , joshua said .
they found family plots , generations of fruit ridge families .
the curtis house used to be one of the grandest houses in fruit ridge , sean said .
the value of real estate was slow coming back , but there was talk of a big food manufacturer wanting to build a plant in fruit ridge .
you ever think about leaving fruit ridge ?
miles of corn and fruit .
the first family to own an automobile in fruit ridge .
she had included fruit ; apples , grapes , and pears .
the roads were just as icy coming back into fruit ridge county .
but i do nt know where she s going to find another full - time job in fruit ridge .
colbie followed him out of the hospital , their drive home silent until they entered fruit ridge and stopped to check on maxs suv .
a way out of fruit ridge .
the fruit crops all failed .
i peered down into the fruit and , after a time , smelled it .
there was champagne everywhere , and it seemed every room i entered was filled with statues of ice , fruit , candy , and cake .
i blurrily remembered the circle of fruit on the plate and the angels overhead in the painting reflected in that very dish - how the tip of an angel 's hand touched the berry i chose .
we did not linger here long , though , and eventually i was ushered by margaret on my right to my left , and through that room we arrived at a hall , the other end of which held fruits and delicious looking foods and cakes .
if it was nt for the smellan overtaxed refrigeration unit , fresh and rotting vegetables and fruits , the grease that coated every square inch of the store , and of course the mildew of refrigeration moistened cardboard boxesshe would enjoy the temperature dip .
exotic essences of flowers and fruit enveloped lucys senses .
the chair was made of black wood , with intricate carvings of leaves and fruit , the feet fashioned into lion claws .
yeah , fruit flies .
principal sweetling , paines most recent fruit , had not fallen far from his ancestral tree .
if anything , it was rumored this latest bloated fruit had been born already rotten to the core .
between school and my chores at home , i still managed to find time to lovingly nurse my plants to maturity and , to my great joy , it was nt long before they bore their promised fruit .
on my way here i passed over a small planet that i swore looked just like i know this is going to sound crazy , but it looked just like a bowl of fruit .
but here , the death merchant had not only suffered their unholy fruit , but thwarted off the effect of their magical toxins as well .
it ll be just like catching fruit from a shaken tree .
my mom would poach game and gather fruit and roots for us at day .
these caves are their garden of eden , and the flesh they eat , that is their fruit of the tree of good and evil .
i arrived in the dining area to a table filled with a variety of fresh fruit , crepes , and waffles .
after letting them in , they sat with maria for a while out in the gazebo and shared coffee , fruit and chit chat .
he was holding out a plate of vegetables and fruits .
henry and ryhs grabbed the only two full - size shopping carts , and began loading bottled water , sodas , and fruit juices into them .
and those seeds are already bearing fruit .
caroline nodded and said , i ve got sliced fruit , freshly cooked bacon and blueberry muffins on the counter here .
so the fruit of my loins wants me to stop breathing . '
soon after , my actual breakfast was delivered to me : poached eggs with toast , roasted potato wedges , a bowl of diced fruit , and a side of hollandaise sauce .
on a cold dark winters night , a speeding truck , driven by a driver half asleep and wanting to finish his shift and get back home as quick as possible , racing to make a last delivery to the tremwell supermarket so that the daily shoppers would have their fruit and vegetables first thing this morning , just was n't quick enough to slam on his brakes in time as a young lad stepped out into the intense bright light .
pat apparently expected this tiny fruit to pass for dinner .
the light dances across the colorful fruit bearing trees and creates a beautiful and color rich spectacle .
the next time he asked us to shot some fruits which he bought from outside and this time goku was able to shot one apple which was placed quite near to him as suitable to his level .
after the wave crested and then subsided , allen peeled her legs open like fruit and buried his face between her thighs .
he slammed the chamber door shut and turned to his sleeping maidens , the fruit you shall bear will bring me great fame and eternal life .
she dangled it before his face , revolved it slowly , all the while praising the fruit .
lorz found it hard to imagine this radical transformation of his candidate , pushing his trivial cart from potatoes to tinned fruit salad after the miracles with puzzles , pictures and chessmen .
the director learned in that indirect way that the farm , which apparently was hers now , covered twenty - seven acres , that there was no running water but a well twenty - five meters deep , the water ice - cold on the hottest day , that spring frosts came so late there , nine hundred meters high , that apples were the only fruit they could grow .
his mouth , half - open , awaited the fruit .
lists of fruit trees , apples and pears .
there s just enough protein in the pasta to prevent wasting disease and just enough fresh fruit to keep the scurvy subclinical .
this evening , florence was nowhere in sight , and in her place a thinner , younger woman , named macy , complete with white chefs apron over black clothing , wisped in and out with an elegant meal of short - smoked salmon , cous cous and fruit .
he gained purchase on the birds back , but the carcass collapsed in his hand like an overripe piece of fruit , swinging to an upside down position , its claws still attached to the girl .
berries and fruits are all that you need to survive in the forest i could also teach you hindi , hari said .
the next day as he came back from the office , he found some berries and fruits placed outside his front door on a plantain leaf .
must meet her father and ask him about it she brought you some berries and fruits ?
so now , you doubt your best friend over a girl who gives you fruits and berries .
he had become dependent on her fruits and berries in the evening and had gladly skipped his evening cooking chores .
why did you stop bringing me fruits ?
the plantain leaf with the fruits was there .
it is fruits and some berries all the same you eat it do nt you ?
the fruits were there at their usual place but she did not turn up .
the sumangali who laughed with him and brought him fruits and berries .
the interpretation did not strike me ; and i fancied , perhaps luckily for my nerves , that the arrangement was prescribed simply to secure a companion , who would prevent my taking too much exercise , or eating unripe fruit , or doing any of the fifty foolish things to which young people are supposed to be prone .
what if the book is the fruit of that obsession ?
the living room of his trailer was mostly lit by sunlight shining through the windows , supplemented by a few fruit and flower scented candles his wife had bought years before .
willie had been eating a lemon cream filled doughnut and trying to explain how doughnuts were not really bad for his diabetes , because they contained fruit , when the cars collided .
the undersides of living branches often bore breasts and testicles like fruit , and vaginas which served as lairs for two - headed arboreal creatures .
giant fronds and ferns overlooked high terraces , while flowers , berries , and fruits bloomed on plants and vines that hung down from every ceiling like the tresses of a fertility demoness .
the oneirophage , hydraman , and their gorgon and lamia consorts devoured everything in their paths , from grasses and flowers to berries and fruits to seeds and spores , engaging in frequent orgies as they made their way up stairways which ascended alongside the rivers and cataracts of red and purple wine , as well as streams of amber honey , which dripped from the pleasure hives of incubus bees and their succubus queens .
they were all dressed in dark clothing and they were drinking something that looked like blood from mason fruit jars .
i saw a couple of empty fruit jars in the kitchen . ''
there are veal roulades stuffed with fruits and vegetables .
while picking out fruit for the week , amber felt and soon noticed the chubby , shaggy - shoe - horse - bald produce manager with cheesy moustache watching her .
i reached out my hand and plucked the forbidden fruit from the tree .
but like the fruit it was all too good to be true , looking good but having a bitter center .
they would also enjoy the fresh fruit while they could .
they had a world of supplies to choose from and it would be best to use the vegetables before they went south with the fruit .
it sounded like biscuits and jam , along with fresh fruit would all be on the menu .
he made his usual rounds , checking and double - checking the doors , grabbing a banana to eat as he walked by the fruit display , before moving on .
they broke their fast with some cereal and condensed milk , reasonably fresh fruit and spam fried up on a little propane burning camp stove .
jerky , bread , some dried fruit and water to wash it all down with .
it smelled like spicy , rotten fruit jam .
evan was next to her , eagerly lapping up spoonfuls of fruit loops .
there were only three fruit loops leftone blue and two yellow .
it was his ninth day on a fruit and vegetable juice fast , and he knew that for each day on a juice fast , he became one month younger , biologically .
then , glancing into an aisle of frozen foods as she passed it , lorie decided that she wanted some fruit .
it was a connecting cablea mental onethat ran between her desire for a piece of fruit and something that the creepy milt had said .
fruit and , fruit and ?
fruit and , fruit and ?
maybe he could even introduce the wondrous fruit to his new friends , if they were nt familiar with it already .
she might pillage some fruit and cookies , but she was nt going to sleep .
some were of maternal figures with peaceful faces , holding children or baskets of fruit and bread , draped in flowing fabrics .
he watched one child in a bright yellow juicy fruit shirt make a wide yawn .
the waiter returned with their water , some glasses and a small bowl of fruit , mostly grapes , and left them .
i fed her a few handfuls of cheerios and some of the fruit rollups you got .
he must have eaten some fruit that morning .
but nerve - endings still tingled , retreating slowly from their spike - point that final scene , fading now , was disgusting and yet somehow compulsive , like an unsuspecting bite into a piece of tropical fruit which , you realized ( a second too late ) , had only tasted so amazingly sweet because it was rotten .
a moment later betty was whispering in his ear , her breath warm and redolent of juicy fruit gum : ` ` lover , you do me any old time .
a fruit , frank said .
a fruit , i said , and fought not to laugh .
the tray was heaped with croissants , various cheeses , and fruit .
he put a croissant , a small piece of cheese , and some fruit on a little plate .
` ` one whole croissant , one piece of cheese , or two pieces of fruit and then you can have the coffee . ''
it helped me watch , but he did n't strangle her this time ; he dug his thick , decaying fingers into the front of her throat and tore it out like you 'd rip open a ripe piece of fruit .
once , just before he went around the corner and onto lincoln street , the guy almost ran into a fruit display in front of a grocery store .
a group of four went past in the street itself , marching over a sprawl of bodies and a litter of discarded food , which included the leg of lamb , now gnawed down to the bone , a great many torn - open cellophane bags and cardboard boxes , and a scattering of discarded fruits and vegetables .
he steadied ardai as the head 's cane slid on a rotten piece of fruit and he listed momentarily ( but at an alarming angle ) to port .
clay , tom , and jordan made a meal of canned chicken salad on stale bread , with canned fruit salad for dessert .
while they were gone , he cracked another fruit salad cup and read johnny 's letter over for the ninth and tenth times .
the stink of juicy fruit hung around her in a constant cloud .
he drank deeply , grimacing at the heavy taste of the mixed fruit juice and cheap wine .
they passed through an area of monolithic housing developments that could have been utterly deserted for all the signs of life they showed ( no , she corrected herself to vetter and farnham in the small white room ; she had seen one small boy sitting on the curb , striking matches ) , then an area of small , rather tatty - looking shops and fruit stalls , and then no wonder driving in london was so disorienting to out - of - towners they seemed to have driven smack into the fashionable section again .
there was nothing in the pulled - out ashtray but a couple of balled - up juicy fruit wrappers , and no discarded beer - cans or wine bottles in the back seat .
he had been raised in a family of ravenous meat - eaters where medium - rare meant the cook had breathed hard on the steak and the concept of well - done was unknown ; he loved hot sauces and hot peppers ; he did not believe in fruits and salads unless one was badly constipated ; he 'd eaten like that his whole fucking life , still ate like that , and would probably go on eating like that until they slammed him into a hospital bed and started feeding him all the right things through a plastic tube .
she saw the closet - demon of her childhood , a bogey she had for some reason called apple jack , slumped in the corner with his brown fruit - face all pulled in on itself , grinning , waiting for her to wander into his deadly embrace ; the last thing she 'd smell would be his cidery aroma , which was for the time being masked by the stench of spoilage , as he hugged her to death , all the time covering her face with wet avid uncle - kisses .
i took four of the empirin with water , waited fifteen minutes for them to dissolve in my stomach , and then wolfed a breakfast of dried fruit and cold pop - tarts .
the people packed into it were n't wearing rags and dirty dashikis but parkas from bean 's , cargo pants ( so perfect for those extra shotgun shells ) from banana republic , underwear from fruit of the loom .
i tell her to leave me alone when she comes in with the fruit and the fucking college cheese , i tell her i need five minutes .
wireman and the bowl of fruit .
a combination portrait and still life , lawyer with fruit and gun .
with one wave they said the fruit .
the fruit , the gun , the gun , the fruit .
the fruit , the gun , the gun , the fruit .
then i used red and orange for the fruit in the bowl .
on the table was a bowl of fruit and the pistol he kept either for target practice ( back then his eyes had been fine ) or for home protection or both .
soon the man at the table would close his eyes , stretch out his hand , and pick a piece of fruit from the bowl .
the gun , the fruit .
the fruit , the gun .
the fruit , you win .
there was a bowl of fruit there , courtesy of the home shopper i employed .
i spun the bowl of fruit around two or three times .
if you mean did i memorize the geography of the fruit in the bowl ... '' he shrugged . ` `
i said , ' no jelly in the fruit - bowl . '
there was , however , an unopened box of special k with fruit yogurt .
lippy had never torn the fruit loops off any of george 's shirts in study hall period four , and maybe that 's why he stepped away from the truck when george told him to .
the heel of her left smashed into the stiff root of his penis and the testicles hanging below it like pate , ripe fruit .
pudgy lips as thick as slices of cut fruit pooched out below his blade of a nose .
she cried in a cracked , hoarse voice , and any last doubts were removed when two crows which had been feasting on dropped fruit a little farther into the tangle took wing , cawing at her reprovingly .
the clown held a bunch of balloons , all colors , like gorgeous ripe fruit in one hand .
` ` the guy was a fruit , but he was n't hurting anyone , '' boutillier said .
an odor of sweat and juicy fruit gum always hung about him .
ben could smell the sweet smell of juicy fruit gum on henry 's breath .
` ` petie vanness and al nell and jimmy gordon were all sitting on the courthouse steps , eating sandwiches and fruit out of their dinnerbuckets , trading with each other for stuff that looked better to them , the way kids do on the schoolyard .
this result was perhaps best expressed in a little ditty he had learned at his father 's knee when he was still in short pants : beans , beans , the musical fruit !
` ` i know there 's nothing as tempting as forbidden fruit , grubitsch , but i ' ve got to ask you not to come into this room when i ' m not here .
i would think about the white fluorescent light inside , so bright it was almost like a kbler - ross near - death experience , and how it spilled out onto the sidewalk between the displays which , in another hour , two young korean men in white paper hats would begin to fill with fruit .
maybe it 's squirrelled away in fruit - jars under the barn or maybe it 's stuffed in the walls at her laughing place , but she 's got the dough , and t , my god , the second - most - common letter in the english language - !
he thinks a goddess wants to loll on a slope somewhere on the foothills of olympus and eat fruit , but there is no god or goddess in that .
he pulled a stick of juicy fruit out of his pants pocket , peeled off the wrapper , and stuck it in his mouth .
the fruits of yesterday 's late milking had been processed and were now on their way back to the lot , this time in cartons rather than galvanized steel milk cans , under the colorful label of slewfoot hill dairy .
the sigh wafted the odor of juicy fruit gum , and babs asked susan if she had seen that some folks were opening up a new furniture store in the old village washtub .
a hundred boxes of dried milk ( hallorann advised her gravely to buy fresh milk for the boy in sidewinder as long as it was feasible ) , five twelve - pound bags of sugar , a gallon jug of blackstrap molasses , cereals , glass jugs of rice , macaroni , spaghetti ; ranked cans of fruit and fruit salad ; a bushel of fresh apples that scented the whole room with autumn ; dried raisins , prunes , and apricots ( ` ` you got to be regular if you want to be happy , '' hallorann said , and pealed laughter at the coldpantry ceiling , where one old - fashioned light globe hung down on an iron chain ) ; a deep bin filled with potatoes ; and smaller caches of tomatoes , onions , turnips , squashes , and cabbages .
a hundred boxes of dried milk ( hallorann advised her gravely to buy fresh milk for the boy in sidewinder as long as it was feasible ) , five twelve - pound bags of sugar , a gallon jug of blackstrap molasses , cereals , glass jugs of rice , macaroni , spaghetti ; ranked cans of fruit and fruit salad ; a bushel of fresh apples that scented the whole room with autumn ; dried raisins , prunes , and apricots ( ` ` you got to be regular if you want to be happy , '' hallorann said , and pealed laughter at the coldpantry ceiling , where one old - fashioned light globe hung down on an iron chain ) ; a deep bin filled with potatoes ; and smaller caches of tomatoes , onions , turnips , squashes , and cabbages .
suddenly the hotel seemed full of a thousand stealthy sounds : creakings and groans and the sly sniff of the wind under the eaves where more wasps ' nests might be hanging like deadly fruit .
for the last half hour he had been in a fruit and vegetable market .
he had raked a big pile of rain - dampened leaves under the branch where the wasps ' nest rested , a deadlier fruit than the shrunken but tasty apples their tree usually produced in late september , which was then still half a month away .
wendy pushed the pantry door open with her knee , hardly noticing the pungent odor of dried fruit that wafted out .
` ` he 's got more dough stashed away in fruit jars than a hog has warts , '' soames went on .
some of them had caught in the overhanging trees , where they hung like strange fruit .
so they found a bench half a block west , and ate dehydrated fruit and dehydrated strips of bacon .
he took it up to the aandp and filled it with canned meat , fruit , and vegetables .
they had found them growing on an old apple tree in a farmyard , green and small and sour , but they had both been deprived of fresh fruit for a long time , and they tasted ambrosial .
she reached into her shirt pocket and spread out five sticks of juicy fruit like a poker hand .
the original maybasket , bedecked with crepe ribbons and filled with fruit and toys , had been hung on tom cullen .
juicy fruit , he read , and then the wrapper flapped upward .
that smell of sickish fruit suddenly seemed everywhere , a living membrane .
there was a terrible taste in his mouth , an acidic combination of rusty metal and rotten fruit .
although preservative grease was bleeding out between its boards , the square box was marked fruit .
it was an inexpressibly lonely sound , in these great open rolling fields which smelled faintly of fruit and more pervasively of ocean salt .
the most common ones are smells - pencil shavings , freshly cut onions , mouldy fruit .
' they said you were n't ready for fruit juice , johnny , so i brought you the ginger ale .
denny remarked , and spat back a mouthful of mixed fruit .
one of the old ladies was clutching her mouth and johnny saw there was artificial fruit scattered along the wide brim of her black hat , faces turned up to him , big white zeros .
i nibbled on a croissant and a variety of cheese and fruit , and for the dozenth time wondered how to put a real kitchen into the circus underground .
` ` we ought to go back to the fruits and vegetables , '' i said .
we worked our way back to the fruits and vegetables like salmon fighting their way upstream .
i have found a haven here that reminds me of my haven - home , a lovely land maybe not so different from the one adam and eve knew before they went picking fruit from that tree they should have left alone .
the whole thing sounded as mad as the tea party in alice , but david had never impressed him as a member of the fruit - and - nuts brigade .
they sounded like typical migraines to my colleague c the kid fit the personality type to a tee c but you do n't want to screw around with that sort of thing because headaches like that are symptomatic of cranial brain tumors even if the patient is n't having phantom olfactory referents -smells like shit , or rotten fruit , or old popcorn , or whatever .
for a moment he saw her with all the clarity of a good photograph , looking back at him over her shoulder , laughing , her pom - poms held in her hands like big silly purple - and - white fruits .
maybe he 'd find some still - frozen fruit or vegetables .
all i ' ve been eating is beans and garden fruit for weeks .
it 's just like before , when i blew a syntax error , only this time things make it seem like the whole place is alive , and turned over a lot more helpings of fruit - loop pie .
he had got lost in the jungle of youth without a map , had tried the forbidden fruits , and the mushrooms probably , and had drifted round in circles for years .
the messenger left the room and captain reynolds picked up an apple from the fruit bowl .
a guard approached jakob with a basket of rotten fruit .
councillor lewtt eyed the fruit in the basket and a mischievous smirk appeared on his face .
our waitress squeezed into our room burdened with a satellite - dish - sized tray with the fruits of the kitchen .
you mean are they like those people that followed that insane preacher down to south america and ended up drinking the funny fruit punch ?
we endeavored to keep the ample sized , movable , sneeze proofed and heated food bar well - stocked with basic breakfast items : scrambled eggs , hash browns , sausage , bacon , gravy , big fluffy biscuits , silver dollar - sized hot cakes , along with syrup , fruit , orange juice , jelly , butter , and bran cereal for those who might need some help getting that heaping helping out the other end before their next visit .
why he might be down at the roadside fruit stand admiring the melons and apples .
throw in a soft ice cream machine , cookies , and a variety of fresh fruit , and our always in a hurry lunch crowd usually headed back to work satisfied and with time to spare .
i did nt recall seeing a tree in any photo or film i ever took time to glance at so they could nt have fruit there .
i did live there , with a family , doing the daily jamaican family things such as cooking , cleaning , fruit picking and laughing .
by the time i had arrived in 1997 , the land was in the tens of acres and comprised a large chicken farm , fruit and vegetable crops and a large family home which he built himself .
this is a not unlike tomatoes , not in taste , texture or fragrance even , but in that i do nt know whether its a fruit or a vegetable .
there re some snacks , the receptionist says , pointing to a small spread of warm cans of guavatini , a milky fruit drink , and a basket of well - picked - over doritos .
our fruits and vegetables are the freshest in the business cause they are handpicked daily by our employees and our prices are lower than a man sneaking across the border .
well , this weeks cutting edge is being brought to you by fruit booties candy .
well , after the last cutting edge , i went back to my hotel room and low and behold , there was a fruit basket , a bottle of dom , a foot stool , and a pair of sexy swedish twins !
is being brought to you by the company that brought you fruit booties candy , and in collaboration with webs and the xlb , comes chocolate bat and balls .
they might have gotten some water from some of the fruit cans , if those had been left , but they checked and they were nt .
she has ten pieces of fruits and vegetables , make sure she eats no more than one an hour , she has to keep her strength up but must learn to endure .
you should eat more fruits and vegetables now , too much protein is still dangerous right- knock it off or i will throw you out your own window , shari threatened him .
just a fruit here and there , same as always .
chapter 29 : upset tummy there are fruits , vegetables , and water in the fridge , shari noted as she checked out their new residence .
hopefully he managed to get some fresh vegetables and fruits .
he stopped and went over for some fruit in his right side up cupboard .
on each rock an inky pillar , a piece of fruit : apples , bananas , pears , drupes the size of castles , great fleshy edifices whose worms beavered away like monkeys at typewriters , little interested in the world below their feet ; smoke rising from chimney stalks and skins shimmering under the fitful , varicoloured light .
the pineapple swelled as they neared , revealing features impossible to see from the ground , hundreds of irregular doors and windows pocking its segmented skin , balconies and walkways girthing the enormous fruit at whose crown sprouted a cupola of greasy , truncated leaves .
his sword shone a pale red , its after - image visible like a poor animation as he coaxed the birds nearer , stabbing with the long blade until he fixed it in the fruits leathery rind ; and so anchored , took his own weight , directing the crows to release him .
his war - horse urinated , a thick yellow stream that together with the pineapples juice formed an adhesive residue , one permitting their circumnavigation of the massive drupe , ramch cutting and horse pissing , fruit and skin tumbling , spinning away as the pair made their way round , sculpting a route to the castles base and the indigo plinth on which it stood .
michael spent the time going over the contents of the bag in his mind , a survival kit of tinned fruit and teabags , chocolate bars , clean socks , various t - shirts and lightweight camouflage netting , a false moustache and a swiss army knife along with a tube of toothpaste , soap , a selection of drawing pens , permanent markers , a compass of his own design ( unperfected ) and a packet of condoms , ribbed for her pleasure .
she wished to see them bare fruit first .
there were jugs of water and fruit bowls in abundance .
sounded like a cat and a piece of fruit .
he gazed around at barstools stacked on tables and fruit machines flashing lights .
he walked around back , crunching through foliage and snow , both now floating to ground in a mixed salad of white and green leaves , fruits andskis , his skis , poking from a drift in an array of tines , a sculpture sprouting from a large steel bucket , consisting of sports equipment and artificial limbs , a spare parts bin for the athletic amputee .
they dragged her aside - her salvation a colonel who clutched his groin like it were a bag of fruit , who later deserted ( and was shot ) , leaving her free to raise her child - aimed and missed .
he worked at the bakery , where the cakes were always bursting with rich ripe fruit and the pastries sparkled with sugar .
dangling like a fruit , sylvester awaited harvesting , to be collected in a basket ; twisted from his stem and laid with his kin , drupes like himself to be eaten raw , or processed and tinned .
um , is she a fruit bat or a blood - sucking bat ?
i found a whole garland of them , in fact , and draped them rather attractively on the tiered , mesh fruit basket i 'd hung in one corner of my kitchen .
a light was on inside and i peered in it was veronicas kitchen , rather garishly decorated in bright colours with pictures of fruit adorning the walls .
being kidnapped mistress # 9 , it was both my turn and mistress # 5s turn ( the extremely chatty , yet lovely , jane from leeds ) to purchase dates and other sensuous , squeezable fruits for our evening meal .
they were dressed in identical khaki shirt and shorts , along with brown sandals , sunglasses and safari hats , purchasing dried fruit at the stall next to ours .
of course , these words were spoken telepathically , as his mouth was busy eating the fruit .
all i saw were some cloud formations that looked like tropical fruits ( mostly pineapple , if you must know , with the odd kiwi thrown in ) ; hardly inspiring or unusual .
the woman is a fruit cake .
were really excited about it too , but , well , it discourages us sometimes to see you with so much fruit while were in a crusty stalemate .
we were sitting in a caf , drenched to the bone , and i was attempting to force feed reese with fruit .
i held up my girly drink with its fruit and umbrella and we clinked our plastic cups .
and there was another story about how some farmers markets , or roadside fruit and vegetable stands , will buy their produce at a grocery store and resell it , i continued , my voice pitchy and angry .
there was one guy who was able to shoot fruit being dropped from the ceiling as it passed the bulls - eye .
straightening , i moved to the end of the table where there were fruit and shrimp platters .
maybe i should go with fruit and shrimp , too .
i filled up the rest of the plate with fruit and shrimp and then took a seat on a modern - looking , hard - as - a - rock chair in the corner of the living room .
the bubbles rose up instantly and the large room filled with the scent of sweet fruit .
maybe he has the fruit punch kind i m partial to .
a forbidden fruit .
i piled fruit and some veggies on each plate .
i ate some fruit and a few crackers and waited for caleb to come back .
i could imagine him in the jungles of africa smacking on his juicy fruit and cussing at the moon while he waited for rabid beast animals to come barreling out of the bush , threatening our national security .
* * * * * actor jonathan frakes sat in the hotel restaurant eating a small meal of fruit and fried eggs as a pick - me - up before his second day signing autographs at the seattle science fiction convention and go cart rally .
he was carrying a tray full of assorted frozen concoctions with a variety of fruit as garnishes .
soggy papers in rusted metal trash barrels creased the alley ; the stench of rotting fruit rinds filled the cramped passageway .
satan dipped a cup into the fruit punch when he was tapped on the shoulder .
he reached with his arms and pushed with his feet , ascending through ranks of leaves and lesser fruits , his gaze locked onto one apple right at the top , bending the branch from which it sprang .
those souls would grow back in time , swelling like summer fruit , one day to fall or be plucked , landing in hers or others ' buckets .
we shoved some fruit into a waxed - paper bread wrapper , then filled a jar with drinking water and headed for the river .
he can pose as a delivery man with a basket of fruit , '' leigh ann suggested .
its made out of fruit boxes !
this is the area of fruit markets , jellied eels , pie and mash , rag - and - bone men , horse and carriage funerals , and you want to sell that , sell it all down the river , just to make a few bob ?
i d managed to bag a short stool by the fruit machine .
the banner tied to it , announcing that it was the appeals official fruit machine , was fooling no - one .
wow , new fruit machine , said duncan , his eyes caught in the dance of flashing lights .
i returned to the fruit machine , trying hard to keep a straight face .
but no , there was only fruit .
like , like ... like them very small fruit thingies !
now is not the time for us to pick the low hanging fruit .
alice was sure this was not quite right , but just as she was about to start over , she realised she was again standing by the fruit tree in the town square , with the little green village down the hill on the left and the little red village she had just returned from , down the hill on the right .
chips , or fruit ?
spiritwind ate a bag of something fruit flavoured and rubber textured while he waited for his turn .
the pair wandered directionless with a bag of chocolate covered fruits .
i realised , sitting in that room , staring at that stupid grin with fruit stuck in it , that it 's time i quit this life and started the one i ' m meant to lead .
his time spent with they had taught him much of the workings of the universe , and how to always win on fruit machines with nothing more than a cheeky grin .
the bushy - tailed rodent has scampered over the grass , seized the fruit in both grubby paws and is making off with it towards an old oak tree before you can say '' greedy , thieving squirrel - rat '' .
bakewell pudding , white icing concealing something soft , topped with red cherry cherry genoa ( buttery sponge packed with raisins and glac cherries ) victoria sponge ( quintessential summer cake ) grand cru chocolate torte ( deliciously decadent ) almond and cherry cake ( light and simple ) austrian linzer torte ( moist and lightly spiced ) stem ginger cake ( chunks of stem ginger ) lemon and lime citrus cake ( light , refreshing citrus glaze ) fat rascals ( plump and fruity cookies ) date and orange cake ( chopped dates , orange peel and a splash of whisky ) yorkshire tea loaf ( traditional fruit cake laced with yorkshire tea ) what ?
rue orders vanilla slices from a passing trolley containing curd tart fresh fruit tart chocolate roulade fresh fruit pavlova walnut tart '' naughty but nice , '' heavy - breathes rue , '' a little like me .. and i do like a bit of vanilla do you fancy a tart ?
rue orders vanilla slices from a passing trolley containing curd tart fresh fruit tart chocolate roulade fresh fruit pavlova walnut tart '' naughty but nice , '' heavy - breathes rue , '' a little like me .. and i do like a bit of vanilla do you fancy a tart ?
rue and thyme are outside debbie 's ice cream parlour which sells 12 types of ice cream including tiramisu banana cappuccino coconut banoffee vanilla raspberry ripple chocolate mint chip honeycomb passion - fruit cheesecake bubblegum '' nice knees , '' rue remarks .
each stall was a riot of colour : the vivid orange , yellow and green of fruit and vegetables , the pink and purple of t - shirts , baseball caps and socks , the black and brown of plastic sandals hanging from strings , the red and white of meat on slabs , the grey and blue of fish stuck in ice , and everywhere noise , overwhelming noise .
he loved it when islam , ancient and wizened , called out '' here 's ali , son of hassan '' and gave him a fruit drop , usually orange .
` ` this fruit 's soft , '' she told the seller , a wiry man with the sleeves of his blue shirt rolled up .
` ` you 're selling old fruit . ''
` ` do you know how difficult it is to get fresh fruit these days ? ''
his mother poked a strand of grey hair back inside her head scarf and turned back to the fruit seller .
mother was still arguing with the fruit and vegetable seller , this time waving a cucumber under his nose .
arden kept his charges well hydrated and content by lugging around a cooler box filled with cans of ice - cold coffee , energy drinks , fruit juice and mineral water and , when the days shoot extended into the evening , he phoned for local restaurants to deliver picnics such as barbequed tandoori chicken thighs , flattened loaves of chapatti bread and exquisitely curried lentil dishes of dhal for their on - set repast .
looking to his left he was surprised to find himself next to a retail outlet for mangoes , just what arden happened to consider to be the sweetest of fruits to be discovered anywhere in the world .
arden tried to weigh the giant fruit in his hand .
the bare wood planks of the stalls trestle tables were stacked high with perfect pyramids of other fruits too , but arden was only interested in winning himself a yellow prize .
the fruit was nothing less than therapeutic .
a liberally applied layer of cherry gloss made wet fruit wedges of her lips .
chandy acknowledged her duties as his only known kin and dutifully visited him two or three times a week with parcels of fresh fruit and nutritious food , or had lunch tiffin tins of healthy office worker fare sent to him , but they both knew he was going downhill .
while digging through a pail of orange rinds outside of a local eatery , wicketts came upon a sliver of fruit still stuck to the peel .
hunger drove him to a nearby fruit cart .
the fruiter was wary of the ravenous wolf dressed in tattered slacks and was keeping a sharp eye on his fruit flock .
he then loaded up timmys arms with several more pieces of fruit , so much so that the happenchance actor struggled to keep it all from spilling over onto the cobblestone street .
from that day forward , he would wake every day and head to this corner fruit stand .
after giving his coat a thorough dusting , he made his way to the fruit stand .
there were pieces of fruit purchased from the adjacent stand , knickknacks and odd trinkets , and even a penny or two .
he often gave his nutty neighbor fresh fruit , free of charge .
a small crowd had already started to gather by the corner fruit stand .
if they could draw the crowds they did while adjacent to the fruit cart , this place would be packed wall - to - wall no problem .
although , you may have seen me at the fruit cart once or twice .
he had stood in that line many a day , hoping for a handout of moldy fruit or hardened crust .
before him stood the fruit cart where he first performed as a fledgling hobo actor just trying to survive .
what got george into major trouble was that , upon fleeing from an irate and armed farmer , he chucked an exceptionally ripe fruit toward the fast - approaching man .
near a table stacked with fruit and pastries , the trio begged the pardon of a compacted clutch of friends , hoping they would part for a moment to let the duchess and her men pass by .
you have the taste of sweet nectar , the voluptuousness of ripe fruit .
blinded , and with their mouth wide open , mike poured tequila , a fruit juice mix , a splash of salt , and a squeezed lime into their mouth .
the fake candles glowed with soft , white light that reflected off the many crystals dangling below like ethereal fruit from another world .
some kind of blue fruit , orange meat , and a green bread - like substance .
taste the goodness of liberian fruit , another proudly attested , with an image of a boy handing a coconut to a grateful old man .
` ` he 's connected at all levels of governments , both domestic and foreign , and considers the united nations his personal fruit market when shopping for customers . ''
` ` to those who supply fresh fruit during global intercourse . ''
my favorite fruit . ''
sure enough , a chemical transition had taken place during the hours of pleasure and darkness , one shifting my appearance from membership in a fruit basket to enrollment in the vegetable genus , specifically the radish family .
the height of our harrowing journey was reached ratcheting through an open - air bodega several city blocks long , featuring vendor after vendor selling fresh fruit and vegetables .
spoiled fruit for our marketplace .
down the wide hallway we strolled , passing calderesque mobiles a - dangle with thin strips of recycled metal , misshapen busts of the starving poor sculpted from discarded fruit and a series of oil portraits depicting industrial landscapes under attack by hirsute children who appeared spawned of daisy plants and rabid beavers .
as for the general aches and pains acquired motorbiking in peru , entertaining on the gangrene , serving as a fruit target in acapulco , being throttled by a hollywood director , meeting the train platform in morocco and golfing in tunis -- they all faded away at various points during the placid weeks of july and august .
at six am , returning from a night , for kicks young barold , hamish , red and john did lift a crate of fruit and veg they found a gift from mds , the testing crowd .
brown sauce was one of the ingredients ; so was brandy , vodka , fresh fruit , lemons , limes , orange , an apple , vindaloo sauce , monkey testicles , cannabis , the irish constitution , war , cinnamon , tomato , mashed bananas , and a half - bottle tequila .
he said that red river hogs ate roots , bulbs and fallen fruit .
he , erwan , had woken up one morning to find a huge crate of fruit and vegetables sitting on the countertop of the kitchen in the big pink house .
then i m not imaging seeing a small girl fly in here , pick up fruit , then fly out ! ?
well , she does love fruit .
claudio explained that they also had a small orchard in which they grew apples , lemons and soft fruit , a kitchen garden with root vegetables , cabbage and herbs , as well as enough pasture for the three cattle that provided them with an income from the sale of milk and beef .
we sat on the rocky cliff top and ate the packed lunch that we had prepared from the fruit , corn bread and cheese that we had bought at the market .
dickie saw the barrow across the road and while he walked over to it to buy some fruit , george and charlie went on toward the hoisted lord .
he picked out a few pieces of fruit while the owner leaned against the barrow with his arms folded on his chest .
look mate , i just want some fruit , not your barrow .
he was picking the pieces of fruit up from the ground where they had fallen from his pocket and from the barrow .
said cloud as he looked back to see the chubby figure return to his fruit gathering .
they came upon an overturned barrow , with fruit all over the ground , a crowd of children were helping themselves .
clarity ate breakfast , enjoying the scrambled eggs and the fruit .
unlucky with that fruit bar though .
sounds a bit like old fruit !
its the old adam and eve eating the fruit of knowledge of good and evil thing .
after they ate the fruit , they had the knowledge , but needed some time to use that knowledge in making choices .
all he would eat was a little bit of lettuce , fruit and nonfat yogurt .
the eggs benedict are very good and we have bacon and sausage , unless you re a vegetarian , in which case they can cut up some fresh fruit .
the author gin noun an alcoholic drink obtained by distillation and rectification of the grain of malted barley , rye , or maize , flavoured with juniper berries any of various grain spirits flavoured with fruit or aromatic essences i.e.sloe gin an alcoholic drink made from any rectified spirit a trap , i.e .
he had the hots for the chef he had seen heartily chopping fruit at the bar and thought he had caught him looking his way .
bombshell had named steroids nemesis bananaman as he always managed to squirrel one out of the breakfast fruit bowl , by asking the most attractive and unsuspecting female guest at hand to carefully choose him the firmest looking fruit and then to slide the ripe yellow phallic snack safely up between his leg stumps .
bombshell had named steroids nemesis bananaman as he always managed to squirrel one out of the breakfast fruit bowl , by asking the most attractive and unsuspecting female guest at hand to carefully choose him the firmest looking fruit and then to slide the ripe yellow phallic snack safely up between his leg stumps .
in the summer it was a litre glass of cola with a mixed fruit salad , leftovers from the breakfast bar , dropped into it .
after ordering a couple of colourful drinks sporting fruit and umbrellas the two newcomers were now eagerly awaiting the return of their taxi driving pimp with their booty .
salientian faeces fruits fungus ( 9 ) 8 .
about sun on the rocks : its a breezy , all - girl banana fiction ( tropical and mood - boosting , like the fruit ) read specializing in the trivial pursuit .
refreshed by the taste of fruit , she changed clothes , getting rid of her slightly uncomforatable bridal suit , replacing it with jeans and a pink color crew neck made of light wool .
a few wedges of wilty fruit were off to the side .
eventually i picked at the casserole , ate a couple of fruit wedges and took a few bites of the biscuit .
of all these millions of patents , inventors still can not come up with a way to cure the common cold or to prevent syrup from spilling out of those fruit cups when you tear off the lid .
however , i was surprised when she announced , tonights supper is monte crisco sandwiches , mixed greens , and a fruit cup .
immediately , i saw the merchant selling water flavored with a squeeze of a bitter fruit and a spoon of sugar .
were going to have some cottage cheese and fruit .
cottage cheese and fruit for dinner sounded revolting , but the fact she told me what she was having was a good sign .
the fruit came from one of the trees in the backyard and its juice tasted better than any i ever had .
secondly , mental illness does n't make you as thick as a fruit bat .
most of the time he simply had to desire something for it to fall into his hands like a ripe fruit , but if necessary he would go to any measure to obtain the object of his fancy .
il rit , et dclare quils vont y aller , ils doivent acheter des fruits au march .
au mme moment , carol , leur voisine qui avait cinq enfants , rapportait le mixer pour les jus de fruits , et une conversation commena sur le thme des meilleures poussettes , avec leur autre voisin qui stait mis arroser la pelouse .
zac took a nap close to mrs . spinozas fenced - in fruit garden .
i was worried i was the only one who they make you all gooey and , and , and nice , like the inside of a passion fruit .
he ordered me a drink called the hurricane , which did nt taste like anything but fruit juice .
a small buffet of fruit , green salad , hot dogs , hamburgers , condiments , barbeque potato chips , and canned soda was placed on the bar ; this was not fancy food by any stretch of the imagination , but two of my favorites happened to be represented : hot dogs and barbeque potato chips .
i can bring fruit .
i m allowed to bring fruit .
i think he meant it as a compliment , but i only heard you are a fuzzy fruit .
so , when you see tania standing there at your door with her little rucksack and her plastic bag of fruit , bread and cheese for the journey , get in there quick before she has the chance to open her mouth .
he began to nose around , sidestepping overflowing cardboard boxes , wellington boots , lawn mower parts , broom handles , take - away cartons , piles of washing , tool boxes , framed photographs of alsatians , untouched family packs of fruit juice , an unassembled vacuum cleaner , a garden scythe , bin bags full of crockery , curtain rails , an old bicycle frame and an ancient - looking rocking chair containing a ventriloquists dummyall this flotsam and jetsam , yet arnold had only managed to make about three - yards progress he spotted an airline ticket on the central table .
give it a read some time chapter seventeen the cheese and wine bash the day had finally arrived , and despite having felt his own spirits rise considerably since witnessing the shambolic lifestyle of the local vicar , arnold matson woke up on the wednesday morning wondering if he had done the right thing by inviting a few passing acquaintances and local fruit cakes to his public house for a heart to heart .
reds and all the correspondingly awesome fruit and vegetable named flavors -- i mean hues -- are the new twenty .
you need a quick fix , and well start with the low hanging fruit , build up some quick wins and work from there .
what i am saying is that metaphorically speaking , i am your fireman and you are my low hanging fruit .
now with daves comment of low hanging fruit , she was definitely going to have to get more support for her puppies .
thank god i did nt click on images he quietly thought to himself , taking a healthy swig of his fruit shake .
now whilst i was nt exactly enthused by this particular path originally , it seems to be bearing fruit and it makes sense for me to go for the low hanging fruit .
he loved to watch them as they strutted past in their high heels , chatting and laughing with the self - assurance of those who knew the world was theirs to devour like ripe fruit .
they were clearly savouring every mouthful of the fruits soft , juicy flesh .
an indignant horn and the screech of brakes jolted reuben from his reverie of licking fruit juice from their smooth , sun - warmed arms .
she certainly was nt savouring the ripe fruit of life .
on the ground beside him , his cap perched on a small cooler bag in which carlene had packed sandwiches , fruit and water .
she wiped her hands on a napkin and picked up a kiwi fruit .
i m only allowed one piece of fruit a day , so i make the most of it .
i can make a kiwi fruit last half an hour .
she took a paring knife and sliced the kiwi fruit into delicate slivers .
you taste exotic fruits with unexpected juices of almost unbearable sweetness .
next up : the stone fruit building and curing works ( 451 amoy pl . )
was the headquarters of the pacific coast health - full fruit & nut co. ( established 1879 ) .
after a brief stint warehousing san francisco county supervisor archives before they were sent for composting , it now houses the nuthouse museum , honoring the legacy of pacific coast chairman , and legendary stone fruit and legume magnate , g. henry truaxe .
in the late 1890s , truaxes stone fruit cure came into vogue .
clearing several hundred acres he owned outside the rough sierra nevada mountains hamlet of diabloville , truaxe sited his stone fruit lodgea paean to wellness .
as originally conceived , the cure involved eating stone fruit and water , while nude , for three weeks ; the last requirement was later dropped .
another utterly credible version of this story has four apples speared by the flying pitchfork , finding fertile earth , where they grew into diseased fruit trees in throop park that rained down wormy apples on park - goers .
i think i fell in love right then and there , and then sank deeper in as we finished off the plate of fruits , cheeses , deli meats , and even a favorite dessert i had mentioned in passing when we met for coffee , homemade turtle brownies .
i only want one of is fuckin fruit gums .
why not give him a fruit gum ?
the fruit gum lad is weakening .
i reflect that the rowntrees fruit gum plot i have just witnessed is unlikely to form the basis of a sequel to the french connection .
i glance and notice there is a crowd of about a dozen young lads now following us , two of whom are the fruit gum pair .
it seems that long haired mott the hoople fans are their antithesis , and that julians henry kissinger intervention over the fruit gums was far from appreciated .
the evening may have ended on a bit of a sour note , but we have come out of it unscathed , and in a piece of supreme irony , a guy with his girlfriend in the station lift offers me and jules a fruit gum .
that we do nt like fruit gums ?
the gentle breezes blew the sweet smell of the ocean toward them as they sipped cocktails of rum and exotic blends of colorful fruit juice .
chapter 20 to : god c / o scribe cc book of records last entry supreme being : that thing with the flying fruit was not my idea .
he walked into the studio with a bowl of fresh fruit and said , how are we today ?
he walked over to her and handed her the bowl of fruit as a peace offering .
the bunker kitchen was well stocked with canned goods , and jools had promised to bring more fresh fruit , vegetables , books , and magazines .
now he was really multi - tasking , sustaining his body , getting his daily fruit and vegetable quota , and hunting for his quarry .
sometimes i like to lick my wife in wonderful places when she smells like a tropical fruit and vegetable medley .
the white chest sits atop a pedestal adorned with doilies and shiny ribbon in the midst of two long tables lined with platters of sliced fruit , cold cuts , and snacks .
sun on the rocks is genuine banana fiction , fresh , trivial , tropical , and easy - going , like the fruit .
plenty of trees and plenty of fruit .
did nt you hire a fruit company to pick our oranges ?
my father had contracted with a fruit company to pick the oranges .
they spread a couple of old mattresses under the trees and the parents would pick , drop the fruit onto the mattresses and the two children would gather them up and get them into the boxes .
whatever fruit missed the mattresses and split , that was their lunch .
she fixed a lot of food , not just bacon and eggs , but english muffins , oatmeal , and a bowl of mixed fruit .
food remnants were everywhere as well , as we had grazed through the day and into the evening on deli sandwiches , bananas and some other fruit , and a big bag of oatmeal cookies .
lovely wine , balanced between fruit and minerals .
i have oatmeal five mornings a week , with fruit , and then eggs and potatoes on weekends .
did you see the fruit on the hook at the roulette table ?
oranges are not the only fruit , i read .
chex mix , fruit snacks , the dreaded lemon cookie , more chex mix .
my oldest child summed it up best when he said turkey ` ` bacon '' is kind of like a fruit roll - up only salty .
we bought gummy bears , gummy worms , gummy rings , gummy spiders and gummy fruit in all varieties .
she perused through the fruits and vegetables and made her selections and we moved one .
at first the tender hearted innocent fruit of your loins accepts your canard , but then comes the questions .
she ate a little yogurt with fruit , then said , i know what you mean by thinking people should have a good place for a dog if they re going to have one .
she smelled coffee in the kitchen , headed that way , and found roger and gwen sitting at the large oval table on which sat the remains of their breakfast : scramble eggs , home fried potatoes , fruit , and coffee .
and it was a good thing they did because there was big george , sitting on the porch of villa oleandra , located in the little town of laglio , on lake como , in northern italy , drinking a fruit smoothie and reading the lake como news .
they re going to be proper fruit of the loom shirts , nice ones , so do nt worry , he assured me .
well i ca n't help with that , and it 's not like they all my good friend for example is working for this green disgustingly self - involved , pushing goddamn fruit knives and shit onto the market melamine is sprinkled in baby food !
you reach for an apple in your fruit bowl and find that its full of gala apples , which you only kind of like , and you re pretty sure that this time you had only bought granny smith apples ; where then did the gala apples come from ?
there were platters of pastries , sliced fruit , berries , fruit juice , caviar , bacon , croissants and white wine .
there were platters of pastries , sliced fruit , berries , fruit juice , caviar , bacon , croissants and white wine .
oh , said connor sipping his fruit juice .
a bottle of rum , plastic glasses , and a container of fruit juice came out of the carry - on bag , and were put on the deck table in plain sight .
champagne flavors , of fruit and bread slevs our lover , the best have said .
they pick fruit up from the ground .
other people are luckier and have long arms , get fruit from the tree .
picking fruit and eating it .
we added a large box of oranges and baskets of fruits and cookies .
mark picked at the fruit he had chosen , while the others , brains still quite unbalanced from their inebriation , dug in like pigs .
` ` are you finished , fruit loop ? ''
it smelled like fruit .
a progressive slot machine that will pay me over $ 250,000 if i hit an impossible combination of 3xwinner , 4xwinner , 5x winner and some sort of fruit item all in a multi - level sequence .
i understand how this happens actually butif i know that the door on the 19th floor slams way too loudly when using the stairs to get to the club lounge on the 18th floor or that if you attempt to have breakfast in the club lounge after 7 am you had better plan on fighting people for a seat , any remaining fruit ( usually the green melon no one wants to acknowledge or the diseased grapes ) and count on getting your hand sprayed with the last remaining non - decaf coffee from the push down dispenser ( not enough for a cup but plenty for a scald ) , and that you have to write the parking pass number on the front of the parking structure ticket or risk getting a piece of helens mind i would hope they would recognize menot so .
if you want fruit they have itin a plastic c - thru cup with a lid .
they always have these fruit cups these days and they are filled primarily with melon rind ( which tastes just like it sounds ) and grapinssmall grapes that are close to raisin stage .
throwing in some dried fruit that may or may not be what you say it is does not help .
` ` cancel the fruit juice .
the fruits are very high and you look so small , i asked .
seeing the fruits and flowers she asked with surprise .
she put rest of the fruits in my hands .
sitting below this altar like platform here and receiving fruits from the little girl above was an ineffable moment for me .
george pulled out some wooden fruit boxes and they sat down .
i ordered fresh fruit and coffee , black .
i bet them twenty that when our food arrived , they would serve alley the fresh fruit .
they served alley the fruit .
i will have the fruit salad , i told her , handing over my menu .
emotion channeled into effortless words , proving the tree never grew far from the fruit .
sliced a banana right there at the fruit station .
in back of the wagon beneath a canvas tarp two children sat amidst scattered straw that had cushioned a load of fruit on a trip into town .
patterns of trees crawled up the sides , with birds and fruit filling the branches , and the birds all had small jeweled eyes and each fruit was a small jewel .
patterns of trees crawled up the sides , with birds and fruit filling the branches , and the birds all had small jeweled eyes and each fruit was a small jewel .
and so they told ernest how they would let him hitch a ride back to town in a wagon hauling fruit .
it had an overwhelmingly feminine scent to it , a fragrance mixed with an impossible combination of sugary flower and sweet fruit that i had never smelled before .
all of our fruits and vegetables are locally grown ; picked , packed , stored and distributed by our largest job supplier .
` ` how about tuna fish on toast and fruit salad ? ''
` ` with fruit salad , '' ruthie adds .
the fruit salad is next to it .
the neurons in your brain are the same as the neurons in fruit flies .
i think this is mashed fruit roll - up covered with bicycle chain grease ... let me check the log . ''
a few feet farther down the aisle , however , denial turns to pain and the dance advances to the jumping stage , where the child bounces like a pogo stick between the canned fruit and the mixed nuts .
then maybe we should call the fruit a yellow .
there should be a rule about whether the juice is named after its color or the name of the fruit it came from .
grape juice is purple , but we name it after the fruit it came from .
gale sipped her drink and asked jinny , what fruit did you get out of this deal ?
what fruit ? ''
she just said we should enjoy the fruits of our labor , and i wondered what fruit you got , cause i did nt get any other fruit .
she just said we should enjoy the fruits of our labor , and i wondered what fruit you got , cause i did nt get any other fruit .
she just said we should enjoy the fruits of our labor , and i wondered what fruit you got , cause i did nt get any other fruit .
he said , i ate all my fruit the night we heisted it .
` ` you ate fruit while we were in the museum ? ''
she paused , then said , ` ` so you do nt have any fruit tonight .
evidently they do n't have fruit up in new york city , because he went nuts , demanding that i turn around , saying he 'd never heard of peach cider before , and then saying , of course , the peach state , and me having to tell him that ai n't us , we 're the palmetto state , and him asking what kind of animal that is .
she plucked from the tree its single fruit : a papaya , as green as evil , a garish green , wrinkled , shrivelled , uglyand poisonous .
glow bright will eat the poisonous fruit and her beauty will be gone .
the beautiful glow bright would taste the poisoned fruit .
somehow i suspected that they gathered in one place , one elegant and graceful place with flowers and fruit trees and ivory - coloured buildings with real glass windows and a faade covered in flowering plants .
although summers were very pleasant , winters were not and vince often dreamed of living on a beach on a caribbean island , eating fruit picked from trees , fishing in the sea and just lying in the sun much of the day .
every friday evening loads of fruits and vegetables arrived in large crates , at the place where the cruise ship would dock .
he threw the fruit into the water , hoping the noise would n't wake the guard , then he crawled into the crate and pulled the planks closed .
so long as it was warm with blue skies and sandy beaches and fruit hanging from trees and bubbling brooks of crystal clear water .
at the end of the road he 'd find a beach and a jungle with fruit - filled trees and a bubbling brook .
it took only a few hours for vince to realize that the only fruit were stunted banana trees with small green bananas that tasted bitter .
the fruits would come from some place south and me and some other guys would put 'em in crates for shipping to grocery stores .
i open the fridge and it 's filled with meat , fruit and vegetables .
afterward , we went down to that grocery store and carried back dozens of cans of soup , vegetables , fruit , meat and fish .
the group moved to a clear spot by the fruit machines , for every table had at least one person on it .
a noisy conversation went on to one side of the table , while at the other a man was working at the fruit machine .
meanwhile , he d evidently enough cash in his pockets to pour it down the throat of the fruit machine in midweek drinking sessions .
someone had joined them in the glow of the fruit machines flashing lights .
chapter 17 the corner house waiting at the fruit machine , finns old friend gave sylvie a look with his twinkling eye before concluding , shall we be off then ?
pauls fruit machine had displayed more animation .
he nearly fainted when he saw the body of his dear wife , ruby , buried under a miscellaneous stash of handbags , purses and wallets ; lap - top computers and mobile phones even bags of fresh fruit and vegetables .
he had a really neat model of the southern pacific , down around indio , california , with several fruit - packing plants , dozens of refrigerator cars , and a lot of golf courses .
i ambled out the door walked a block or two and stumbled still only half awake into the fruit market .
even though my hotel rate covered breakfast i learned that the prolific varieties of fruit including 5 types of bananas various types of mango , papaya , ( red and orange ) and some unusual types such as custard apples , were better than the soggy papaya at the hotel .
many of these fruits not available in toronto during the years i was first in brazil , happily have now appeared locally .
` ` there 'll be roadside fruit stands , gas stations and places where you can buy synthetic coffee and artificial food . ''
we drove to mom 's house , where i drank water from a tiffany fruit bowl and dad slipped me chunks of ham from the fridge when no one was looking .
its branches flailed everywhere , the blossom petals that functioned as the now red and streaming eye - fruit 's eyelids blinked furiously , and it stumbled drunkenly around .
since vena 's last desperate ploy to stay alive , every single plant in poolington was dead : weeds and flowers , trees and shrubs , fruits and vegetables .
as for replacing the fruits and vegetables , the town forbade any fresh produce from entering the city limits .
` ` after the workers have slaved and toiled , he pushes away the fruit of their labor because it is n't a diamond - studded bauble ; it 's merely a rough - hewn tribute to the arts and crafts of the oppressed . ''
its like they re too lazy to take the fruit out !
she took the fruit in her hand and checked its color .
* * * * the importance of eating fruit oo - ki saskatchewan satan and the bum too much love a fleeting moment the man who liked everything a horrid little girl wrong address agent smith had been investigating some obscure incident for six weeks now .
* * * * * - the importance of eating fruit - john thumbed on the tv , not really recalling the days when televisions were turned on .
58 ( tiw spring open ) - lost ( a bridge on the edge of a cliff , a kitchen apron , fruit scented lotion , your favorite karaoke song . )
brian inspected the bottle of fruit scented hand lotion he bought off the little dude .
` ` though considering his choice in fruit '' ` ` what ? ''
` ` there was that '' brian poured some of the fruit scented lotion onto his hands .
flash in the pan - describe a colour without using a colour word 58 ( tiw spring open preliminary round ) - a bridge on the edge of a cliff , a kitchen apron , fruit scented lotion , your favorite karaoke song .
` ` you should avoid meat and eat organic fruits and vegetables . ''
` ` what other kinds of fruits and vegetables are there ? ''
` ` eat fruits and vegetables . ''
` ` do you see any fruits growing around here ? ''
` ` why do n't we sacrifice some of the fruits of the land we ' ve been passing through ? ''
raspberry canes were still heavy with the last fruit of the summer .
when she came by for his order he said , ill have oatmeal and the fresh fruit plate .
kids ran everywhere , demanding that harried parents buy them caramel apples and fruit ciders and ice cream bars and all the various nonsense the smart farmers were peddling .
a fruit and cheese plate sat by a window that looked out on natural gardens and beyond them the river .
speaking of secrets smelling of lavender and fruit stripe , naomi kissed him on the cheek .
i m not counting peanuts , that s a fruit .
` ` they are given as payment in exchange for shellfish , tobacco , fruit and a few less precious metals , nickel and cobalt , which cuba exports . ''
clarity finished her plate and ate a piece of fruit as dessert .
already have , i just hope you can also convert me to your method of staying cool under pressure from interfering fruit bats .
he inspected the stainless steel bowl of fruit on the counter .
a swarm of fruit flies discovered light for the first time when the garbages lid was raised .
fresh home - grown vegetables and fruit . ''
with a blue sky overhead , blue sea shimmering a quarter mile away and hens clucking contentedly to each other in the orchard while ben pruned fruit trees , i felt almost reconciled to life on a small island farm .
` ` the rutabaga is a fruit , surely , '' said clack .
as all good things take time , the fruits of their labor had taken on a ripe shine .
lucy and amanda arrived as nick added the finishing touches to the large picnic rug and selection of fruits and treats laid beneath a plane tree by the lake .
he said as he sat opposite konrad , wearing dark sunglasses and pushing a few pieces of fruit around his plate .
which is that inestimabel treasure , which excelleth all the riches of the earth ; because the fruit thereof extendeth itself , not only to the time spent in this transitory world , but directeth and disposeth of even swarthier men and women unto that eternal happiness which is above , in being stone blondes .
he ate the fruit slowly , trying to imagine how it would feel to be eating it while on placidyl or dalmane , and he did n't notice any improvement in happy apple taste .
nothing but fruit juice and seltzer water will be served .
` ` next time , make the boy frog eat a lot of fruit flies . ''
but he was n't really worried , as caza was too weak to pick fruit or to be picked up by other men .
and non - irradicard fruit , right ?
on an impulse she dug into the pocket and pulled out a crumpled pack of juicy fruit chewing gum a screwed up handkerchief a card , folded in half and a piece from a jigsaw puzzle .
` ` there 's tea in the pot and fruit cake in the tin .
the basses blew their noses and played whist behind the chair backs , the contraltos sucked on boiled fruit - flavoured sweets and the tenors studied the racing pages .
walking up and down the canned food aisle again and again , for the life of him randolph could nt find the soup anywhereall he saw were row after row of tuna , sardines , anchovies , sliced fruits , and desserts .
in the big picture , his initiatives were baring fruit .
it did n't matter the masses thought the fruit as being largely rancid ; the true spoils only being available to those who could afford the ladders to pick from the highest branches so to speak .
everyone else had to wait for the fruit to fall and take it as is , no matter how worm - infested and moldy it was .
he liked his fruit and ladder analogy and wondered how he could twist it into something a bit more positive for his campaign purposes .
plenty of fresh fruit , nuts and pulses .
tony was building a head of steam and his face was turning red as an overripe tomato at mastic mendez ' second hand fruit and vegetable stand over on first street .
after elvis asked escalade again if he had any prescription medications from mexico , the guy 's face took on a purplish tinge , reminding elvis of the ripe plums at hernando 's solar powered organic fruit stand on east speedway in tucson .
` ` completely off the grid , '' hernando proudly declared to his customers , without bringing up the fact that a roadside fruit stand was n't usually connected to the grid in the first place or that in his fruit stand case solar powered referred to the sun shining down on them all .
` ` completely off the grid , '' hernando proudly declared to his customers , without bringing up the fact that a roadside fruit stand was n't usually connected to the grid in the first place or that in his fruit stand case solar powered referred to the sun shining down on them all .
every now and then , we pass market gardens , which produce much of chinas fruit .
she was wearing a flowered dress with ripped jeans underneath and smelt of flowers and fresh fruit .
whenever i felt like shit , i d go over to christines place , we d put on a movie , shed cut up some fruit , and abuse me to no ends .
not that we ve come to the end of science by any means , but the low - hanging fruit has mostly been culled .
apparently , chimps will pay ( in the chimp world , fruit juice substitutes for money ) to watch the dominant members of the troop ( the celebrity monkeys ) .
he said weakly , almost pleadingly , but by then they had resorted to throwing fruits and vegetables , and he was forced to flee the stage in disgrace .
even fruit and vegetables they sell .
` ` omelet , jack and cheddar ... '' ` ` avocado , fire roasted salsa , tabasco , and fruit on the side , '' the waiter said , finishing stan 's sentence .
( interval twenty two seconds ) stan : fruit loops ?
not fruit loops .
in english that combination of syllables when spoken forms a word that stands for a delicious type of fruit .
the second is a much more malevolent type , one that you enter and the trees leer at you and make you feel uncomfortable , and then start grasping at you with their branches and maybe throwing their fruit at you .
these basketballs are modeled after the fruit of a tree that the inventor of the game had seen whilst travelling .
this gave him the idea for the game , and he studied the properties of this fruit and figured out how to synthesize it , and they had a ball to play the game with .
of course you d expect that fruit normally would nt still be a living being , just a fruit that you eat off a tree .
of course you d expect that fruit normally would nt still be a living being , just a fruit that you eat off a tree .
when the fruit of the basketball tree reaches maturity , it falls from the branch where it was raised and bounces away , having developed a hard skin that is conducive to bouncing .
some of them bear fruit , such as apples .
for example , that there was a tree that the god had told them not to eat the fruit of .
now , knowledge was not the fruit it bore , but supposedly the fruit contained within its skin the gift of knowledge of what was good and what was evil .
now , knowledge was not the fruit it bore , but supposedly the fruit contained within its skin the gift of knowledge of what was good and what was evil .
the snake told the woman ( i wo nt name any names here , to protect the innocent ) that maybe it would nt be so bad to eat this fruit .
you know , maybe this god , though a gifted gardener , was just hording his best fruits .
so , she strolled over to the tree , whistling nonchalantly , and picked a fruit .
this is such a delicious fruit , and clearly loaded with knowledge , in addition to essential vitamins and nutrients she thought and rushed back to her husband with the knowledge of knowledge .
once the time for leering had passed , and that was no longer a valid activity , they began to throw their fruits and seeds and other miscellaneous items that they had found within the confines of their branches at him .
the way the lettuce , tomatoes , cucumbers , peppers , onions , and other fruits and vegetables clung together on one bush made it extremely difficult to traverse .
all life here consisted of was him walking around at his own leisure , picking delicious fruits and different varieties of pizza .
it went like this : as they clambered up , it passed that a couple trees which flowered with popsicles dropped their fruit .
the sultan did not receive any fruit .
unable to reach the fruit itself , it instead tricked the woman and man into eating it .
at first , as always , the zombies headed straight for ramshackle fort of tables and fruit stalls and huddled around the closest side .
fresh fruit !
fresh fruit , very fresh !
why are you trying to sell fruit ?
there was , indeed , a sizeable line for the register , most of who were accidentally throwing fruit onto the ground as their muscles betrayed them .
they always used to buy fruit , so they re doing it now .
paddington looked back at the fruit seller .
not brains ; go and buy some fruit .
i do nt like fruit now .
on jims advice , he d even taken a piece of fruit , but he could nt swallow it : his throat had vomited it out .
i could nt stomach the fruit , he said .
what made jell - o extra double - plus - good was the suspended fruit that floated on top like a hovercraft .
i became ravenous for the flotillas of fruit cocktail , mandarin oranges , or straight up pineapple wedges .
this fruit is fabulous .
she was referring to my inspired fruit plate , which consisted of slivers and bits of colorful fruit arranged in geometric patterns .
she was referring to my inspired fruit plate , which consisted of slivers and bits of colorful fruit arranged in geometric patterns .
i suppose if busby berkeley had been allowed unlimited access to seasonal fresh fruit while in solitary confinement at a particularly bleak prison , he would have made fruit plates like this .
i suppose if busby berkeley had been allowed unlimited access to seasonal fresh fruit while in solitary confinement at a particularly bleak prison , he would have made fruit plates like this .
i showed her again how to operate the lock and she removed a cheromoya fruit from her apple - green knapsack .
i thought you might enjoy adding this to your fruit palette .
call the board of supervisors , the department of waste management , the department of traffic and parking , your local representative ; the gripe vine runs thick and far in this town and nobody knows how to harvest its fruits better than the good citizens of san francisco .
let her know what a bargain she s getting , i told her about your fresh fruit plates , she sounded interested .
and this fruit is so good .
comme on dit , california land of fruits and nuts .
i asked them as they bypassed the fresh fruit and vegetable section .
the flesh is mortified , the skin just embarrassed for those of you who are still young and pretty , know that at some point that ends ; the bloom is off the rose , the petals fall , the sweet smells sour and you re left with thorns and a hard , dry , tasteless fruit .
i was nt eating enough fruits and vegetables ; i was nt getting enough exercise .
and then she added , after a head to toe survey of charlenes nudity , hun , you ve been busy , she winked and drew aside a pastel , fruit printed curtain and placed the tissue on a bench inside .
he found a man selling what appeared to be fruit , and bought a huge basketful .
as he continued to eat , he spotted an iranian and said to him , friend , these are some very unusual fruits they have here in india .
those are not fruits at all - those are spicy indian chilies , and if you continue eating them like , your ass is going to be on fire tomorrow !
those chilies are used in tiny amounts for indian dishes ; they are not eaten like fruit .
nasrudin sells fruit nasrudin was selling fruit one hot summer day .
nasrudin sells fruit nasrudin was selling fruit one hot summer day .
there is not much to tell , he said as they arrived at a large grapefruit tree loaded down with fruit .
christ , that ron guy is nuttier than a fruit cake .
charlie refuses my bottled water having finished off his own carton of fruit juice .
i never used to be a big lover of this fruit before my pregnancy unless it came in the form of wine from a bottle / box because frankly , some days i am not that fussy .
but i do nt appreciate it for the simple fact that he makes me eat the good stuff like porridge and fruit salads , when i ve got a mighty craving for a greasy fry - up or even a bowl of those sickly sweet honeybees cereal .
i was all out of breath so i took another sip of my drink , feeling grateful for frozen vodka and exotic fruit .
* * * i popped a grape into my mouth ( yes , i now ate fruit on a regular basis ) and started to type my next blog post .
like buying an actual fruit tree for an african village ?
where was the fruit , the whipped cream ?
we 'll feed them cold cut sandwiches and fruit .
they 're sweetened with saccharine and dried fruit .
i kept saying , i ve been here , i ve been here , but they were dragging me off to see the moon off st . mary , the big tamarind tree at the abandoned fruit farm , everything .
its constantly giving to others , shade , clean air , and fresh fruit or nuts .
she believes that sex is the forbidden fruit and that in the hereafter husbands and wives will have children in the celestial kingdom by imagining together and presto !
once his guests were refreshed with water , the sultan clapped his hands and servants came forward with fresh fruits and sweet meats and their goblets and cups were refilled .
the lord of kerak tore at the fruits with as much relish as if he consumed meat .
throughout it all , prince reynaud affected deafness and continued to devour fruits from the kings own plate .
those who admired or dreaded the sound of his name wondered alike how his physical body endured such privation , for he also was the most abstemious of men in all carnal appetites , consuming nothing save water and hard black bread and fresh fruits , and even these in such small quantities that it was a wonder how the flesh could continue .
gravy and fruit sprayed everywhere .
we had some delicious mtzvade , a sort of pork meat shish - kebab roasted on open fires with fresh tomatoes and cucumbers , and some of the wonderful georgian breadthe whole washed down with bottled fruit juice and borjomi mineral water .
the house was surrounded by a vegetable garden with tall corn stalks and fruit trees .
there are flowers everywhere , fruits on glass dishes , cookies , music is being played , the music from wfln , the classical music station that tom loves so much .
* the boy crawled amongst the thorn bushes on his knees , his one hand sweeping the tall sharp grass from his eyes , alert to the bloated feast of worms , the filling berries , succulent fruits which these stunted trees had in plenty .
deep into the heart of the world it stretched , winding like a stream - with a current like a stream , weak or strong , a human flow dependant on factors not necessarily related to the seasons , linked rather to questions jerian was unable to verbally pose , the answers scattered across country , there to be harvested and graded , fruits and berries and fat round worms the man himself was called upon to pluck and gauge .
slender trees sprouted crowns of a lush green , fruits dangling like thorny baskets .
it cared little for those who would make of its image a tool for gain , either the trees whose fruits and foliage stored its energy or the men who later released that force , spawning flame .
his flesh scrubbed she left him once more , this time returning with food , bread and fruit and cheese on a tray , such things as he had not tasted .
the rain had stopped and the clouds parted , drawn aside like curtains , uncovering the lank assemblies of sorry bushes to either hand , buds and fruit shimmering in icy wonder , clustered like dead mice .
there was an abundance of ripe fruit , apples and strawberries and others jerian failed to recognise but which both he and udioe ate with zest .
jerian 's fatigue washed the colour from his skin - but it was warm , the air moist , insects stirring in its embrace as the day nipped back the overlapping shades of plant fronds , green and brown here and there splashed with raw colour , red and blue , violet and orange blossoms , fruits , dangling petals like dogs ' exhausted tongues , the marsh an environment distinct within borders of fern and alder .
he was strong this morning , having breakfasted on the last of the bread , on fruit and cheese he found inside the cottage , sat at the fragile table as the sun rose to the east .
horses charged , mounted cavalry , a thousand spear points whose gleaming heads sought to transfix his own , whose long hafts would shatter his ribs , force them apart , his guts to spill like rotten fruit , his blood to spurt like wine from a punctured gourd .
surrounding this community were orchards , some hung with fruit , others lashed by hail .
he was fully absorbed by the to and fro , the messages and tales of wrists and elbows , shoulders and fingernails , a host of scrapings , drummings and inclines to speak of beer and boast of women and assignations ... on returning to the community he immediately sought out a broad variety of vegetables , carrots , leeks , potatoes and a quantity of oil , long - beans and cabbage and mushrooms to stew with the beef , the liquid a soup for his ailing mother , her pallid flesh in need of support , jerian himself chewing the meat for her to swallow , feeding her , head propped against a sack of apples , the breathing of the fruit to calm her chest , from his own bowl with his own spoon , that which his father had carved on his son 's birth , his coming into the world that was his the everlasting day , his father past , drowned , his mother taken sick having survived the flood the child recalled via the memory of snapping trees , his frail young body saved by its closeness to hers , sucking at her nipple through the storm .
fruits filled the grateful bellies of thrushes and crows , their seeds cast out and their flesh transformed .
this fruit swelled prodigiously , drawing nourishment into itself from the bush on which it grew , threatening to break its gallows as it sucked the juices of its shrivelling ilk and squashed them under it , a drupe whose poison was stronger than its host 's , an unease spreading through the ground as that bush died back , strangling amongst roots , infesting soil and bowel and causing many a creature to abort .
jerian watched in horror as the fruit matured .
the air was fresh and crisp , imbued with a bitter tang , like some acrid fruit .
jerian crushed the perfection of grasses as he strode , brushing aside streamers of ivy , plumes of colourful vines whose bulbous fruits were always ripe , florescent walls of greenery from whose generous cups spilled not insects but odours , scents vivid and pungent that gave the hideaway the air of a seraglio , a privileged haven out of which marched a vicious doctrine , a many - toothed ideal of universality , a fear of truth in all its diversity , a shame and a weakness that would destroy before attempting to investigate , that wished to blame and deceive , and which succeeded in creating only hatred .
now get dressedi have had the cook prepare some oatmeal and fresh fruit for your breakfast this morning .
all around her was the fragrant smell of the cherry trees , their blood - red fruit glowing in the sun like tiny rubies set against the green leaves .
you know how connie is , she would be following me like a fruit fly around a apple if i walked up when she was still awake .
they would mostly throw rotten fruit if it sucked or ... -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- concordia 's iphone text - chat concordia : i have writers block jill : aw that sucks so do i .
they cooked a supper of soup on the gas stove and with crackers and a can of fruit cocktail had a laughing meal .
the first fruit came when , taking his cue from his grandmothers will , he channeled the hurt and feelings of inferiority from mrs . grundys looks of disapproval into studying .
they gave her a workout outfit and a basket of fruit .
they also had a large cache of emergency supplies to keep them going if snow - boundcanned soups , canned fruits , tuna and chicken ; dried goods like rice , pasta and nuts ; spaghetti sauces in jars ; baked goods like cereal , cookies and crackers ; tea and coffee ; a couple of cases of bottled water and a large assortment of fruit drinks ; beer and wine .
they also had a large cache of emergency supplies to keep them going if snow - boundcanned soups , canned fruits , tuna and chicken ; dried goods like rice , pasta and nuts ; spaghetti sauces in jars ; baked goods like cereal , cookies and crackers ; tea and coffee ; a couple of cases of bottled water and a large assortment of fruit drinks ; beer and wine .
in addition they always kept a weeks supply of perishables in the refrigerator , milk , fruit and vegetables ; a bushel of apples was kept in the coolest place in the cottage , in the closet on the other side of the cottage from the woodstove .
as the summer drew near its end , stillbird gathered wild berries and apples and other fruits that grew here and there as well as the wild onions and watercress and mint that had grown in abundance since spring .
he let it be known as well that he did nt believe god frowned on moonshiners as much as some would have them think , becauseand then he would pull out his bible and quote all the places he had marked that spoke of the fruit of the vine , taking the fruit of the vine to cover moonshine as well as the wine fermenting behind the wood stoves of his followers sitting rooms .
he let it be known as well that he did nt believe god frowned on moonshiners as much as some would have them think , becauseand then he would pull out his bible and quote all the places he had marked that spoke of the fruit of the vine , taking the fruit of the vine to cover moonshine as well as the wine fermenting behind the wood stoves of his followers sitting rooms .
once when roger pulled up some tiny tomato plants , mary had to teach him to pinch the little leaves and smell his fingers , so he could tell which were the weeds that smelled generically of the earth and which were the fruits and flowers they desired to cultivate and smelled sweet and desirable .
when pre patou would drop into the bistro of the old relais to sip a glass of wine in late afternoon before the addition had been constructed , the patrons would be smoking clay pipes while chatting about rain , the size of crops , the prices of grain and fruit and wine , of supplies and commodities .
and the farmers wives saw to it that the schoolmaster , like the cure , was provided with bread and cheese , vegetables and fruit , and every so often a leg or shoulder of lamb .
a cellar full of fruit put up and never used .
he always wore the same old fruit of the loom white t - shirt with all his back hair and chest hair bursting out of it like sasquatch in a dago t. the kulligans called it his hairshirt .
and you unless you were a subscriber it was forbidden fruit , unless you tried really hard , no pun intended .
the three nibbled on old fruit that filled his room with ripe odors .
they all ate incredible quantities of food brought them by the village women : home - made cakes and pies mixed up with packaged cookies , chips and sodas and fresh fruits .
there was no meat in the house , but she had plenty of packages of macaroni and cheese , which all the kids , including sissy , liked , and for a treat to go with the peanut butter cookies she got down a large can of fruit cocktail .
the meatloaf baking in the oven for tonights meal was made earlier in the day by a different group of volunteers , but the vegetables donna had already started , the mashed potatoes and gravy , and the dessert of cookies and fruit cocktail had to be prepared by them .
with the meal prepared and simmering , everyone helped jeremy spoon portions of fruit cocktail into paper bowls , place them in trays of fifteen , and put all but one tray into the refrigerator .
everything went quite smoothly ; even the slight delay occasioned by each time jeremy had to go to the refrigerator for more fruit cocktail hardly caused a glitch .
that s why he laughed when dave , pointing to a guy across the way who was drinking one of those fancy coffees with whipped cream and fruit , said , i bet that guy has whipped cream on his scrambled eggs .
they had overthrown a really evil , fascist dictator , and u.s . fruit companies that were exploiting the peasants were feeling the heat .
there was a long side table covered with gorgeous and intricately patterned brocades , each fold painted perfectly and over this , platters of exquisitely ripened and rounded and highlighted fruits and nuts were laid out .
apart from the incessant fruit machine , with its ditties and whoopers and spitting sounds , there was the clack of the dice game , the coughing and shuffling of the old men as they argued about whatever it is they argue about .
a young man was helping a child play the fruit machine ( again , regardless of the signs and pictures forbidding it ) .
had some idiot not tipped gin into her fruit punch she would never have joined the furtive group behind the barn to try the communal joint .
he did not see the fresh vegetables and chicken breast on her plate , nor did he notice the squeezed fruit juice she had poured for herself .
every friday he purchased haddock and chips from a chippy called the codfather , and spent each saturday morning picking out ripe tomatoes from a fruit and veg shop called melon cauli .
he had had some fried fruit pies in the arbuckle mountains near sulphur , oklahoma , on his way west .
they were far more delicate and filled to the max with fruit .
the souls feel that under this trumpery , this externally authentic shell , the fruit itself is rotten .
that s why the soul trembles , while man is tossing in search of wholly ripe fruit .
she was carrying a picnic basket filled with sandwiches , fruit and a tin of chocolate - chip cookies , which they had baked the night before .
i smile , realizing the chunks of fruit in the jello salad are distinguishable only by their color .
she opens gift after gift as i excuse myself to prepare a breakfast of fruit salad and the overnight blueberry french toast that i started last night .
scott does nt like them raw , but hell eat salsa , so i dice the fruit into pico de gallo , and we eat it with organic corn chips from the co - op .
surfacing , buoyed again in physical time , he peered for counted minutes at the clinical walls , increasingly cognizant of white sheets and disinfectant , a water jug whose pretended innocence matched that of the fruit bowl , between them allowing the presence of flowers .
there was a television set on a bracket in the corner farthest from the bed and a remote on the table by the now anxious looking fruit bowl , a combination of the two , tv and remote , providing him with potentially hours of healthy , fun , varied aural and visual stimulation .
the trees wood , promising leaves and fruit .
the man kept the company of a large sack out of which he produced a fat ripe orange , wonderful and round , scherzo thence staining thumbnails to peel , dripping juice and river on what appeared to be a map of roads but was in fact a map - crumpled and marked with slashes of vague pencil - of watercourses , brooks and streams , folded after a shake and a snort and returned to the sack from where it , like the marvellous fruit , had sprung .
you paint rotting fruit and overturned dustbins spilling garbage and expect me to rummage among it for scraps of innovation , some nuance of brush only roy benedict can iron your shirt , roy !
like punctured fruit , he thought , turning bad .
in the supermarket , car parked near the electric doors , white in the late sun , morrison hefted cans of vibrant south american fruit , their logos brash stars , wondering if the globe he 'd accessed needed to eat , and what .
they bulged , strained , hinted at secrets , shapes disguised , metamorphosed into containers of fabulous produce , frozen fish and fruit juice , milk , cigarettes .
at its base , boles like elephants ' ankles rehearsing ballet steps , was a sludge of tinfoil take - away receptacles , dead cats , part consumed fruit , traffic cones , feathers and beer cans , boots , moccasins , flippers , two crash helmets and a tennis racket .
juggling fruits and cones , full of himself but with poorman not far behind , blinder rushed to locate dreep and tell him the news .
magnificently illuminated was a swan - necked decanter of spangled vermilion wine and a matching bowl of plump fruit .
the wine blazed and the fruit gleamed .
he felt a sharp pain in his groin , the bunch of it hanging like ripe forest fruit .
they chatted in the street , conspiring , summer - dressed daughters in tow , hidden behind plastic bags stuffed with tinned fruit and live foliage , me sucking sweets , her sucking thumbs , thrown together through geography , playmates from an early age , associated through parents and habit .
the heroic twosome sweated globules like ball - bearings with each breath , slick beads that proved hazardous underfoot , squeezed from their reconstituted bodies like fruit from compacted fruit cakes .
the heroic twosome sweated globules like ball - bearings with each breath , slick beads that proved hazardous underfoot , squeezed from their reconstituted bodies like fruit from compacted fruit cakes .
there was another one that reminded steven of a bowl of fruit .
he grabbed the glass , suddenly more willing to drink the fruit sludge .
in the kitchen he found a bowl of fruit .
he made himself a dish of yogurt and fruit , then opened the kitchen door and stepped out .
before us on the lace covered table sits an array of sweets and fruit .
and when she proposed to begin feeding the little rascal a bland mixture of mashed fruit and rice cereal , howard flatly refused to allow it .
if it was a fruit or a vegetable it would n't pass her lips unless sprinkled with sugar or drenched in cheese sauce .
she breathed a juicy fruit sigh in my direction .
at first she tasted of juicy fruit and sunshine ; and then bitter copper blood stained her breath .
if she did nt pick the eggplant soon , the fruit would soak up the rain and turn its solid , sea spume - colored flesh into soggy pulp .
the next few days and the upcoming labor day weekend would rush by in a blur of arrivals and departures , distracted hugs and kisses , soggy towels and sandy grandchildren , beach baskets of squished sandwiches and bruised fruit , car loads of shopping , a constantly running washing machine trying to keep up with the limited clothing of the visitors , and ripening tomatoes , high up on their staked vines , demanding to be picked before they burst open and oozed red pulp and slick seeds .
one dollar in food stamps might buy two dollars worth of food , if it were spinach or millers bran or fruit .
each hour the individual fruit would devolve more into a non - individuated mass of dying flesh .
they reminded her of the black seeds of kiwi fruit .
plants continued to grow , blossom and fruit .
eat lots of fish and fruit .
when i eat a little of this forbidden fruit and avoid a little of that recommended exercise , i just feel better .
but , their strange fruit had helped to hold things off .
i can be patient and waita year for rhubarb , a couple for asparagus , or a lifetime for wisteria or for that stubborn grapefruit that i grew from seed that likes to leaf but never flowers or fruits .
as she braced her weight on one reddish , slack skinned arm , she used her free hand to reach up under the spade shaped leaves to find their hidden fruit .
a moment later , with the headphones tossed in a chair and billy holidays ineffably sad voice singing strange fruit , eighty - two year old world war ii veteran , father , lover , widower , mike krants , teary eyes closed , cane lightly held , is swaying , then , shuffling through a box step .
okay for neighbors to continue to harvest fruit from the moniz three tree pear orchard .
except for rare occasions when he fried turkey bacon , the only breakfast options at home were cold cereal , yogurt and fruit .
it makes us believe that its fruits were sweeter than reality .
today , he looked at all the documents as if they were piles of rotten fruit .
they are locked in on each other as they sit and eat fruit together .
and the garden , which seemed to go on forever in a field grass , was full of life , with ripe fruit hanging from the branches of overhanging trees and small furry creatures of the rodent - type bouncing and skittering around the sides .
this would allow them to display their made - up characters who would , if anybody ever sought them , have told smith their next work was to be somewhere in queensland as fruit pickers .
a big sign on the brick wall of the building announces the name in big letters : world harmony cafe shortly beneath that , in smaller script , the names of drinks appear : juice and fruit smoothies on tap .
he drank his fruit salad as a smoothie .
if the spores land on a fruit and you eat the fruit , that would put you at risk .
if the spores land on a fruit and you eat the fruit , that would put you at risk .
` ` anybody want a glass of water or fruit juice ? ''
a gentle warm breeze stirs the fruit trees .
there are a few pieces of fruit and five pint size bottles of fruit juice .
there are a few pieces of fruit and five pint size bottles of fruit juice .
he comes back out with two open bottles of something , maybe the local beer , maybe fruit juice .
failing that , he takes a deep breath , exhales , and takes another drink of the tropical fruit smoothie .
gene found it much harder to understand fresh fruits , vegetables and , especially , maryellens meat selections .
getting the most cherries in the fruit cocktail .
he had unwound the cucumber vines and tossed their bloated yellowing fruit , resembling miniature dirigibles , into the compost pile .
there had been a big bowl of fresh , if flavorless , fruit as well as a fruit basket .
there had been a big bowl of fresh , if flavorless , fruit as well as a fruit basket .
they served themselves pancakes , scrambled eggs , wheat toast , sausage , ham , bacon , fruit , juice , and coffee .
you can liquefy anything in there- whole vegetables , fruits , and you do nt waste any of the nutritious pulp .
once i got the hang of it and some recipes online , i was able to liquefy organic proteins and fruits and grains whatever would be good for her and then simmer it on the stove .
a prompt gander at a shingle posted above a vendors fruit cart confirmed my suspicion .
i did nt yet presume to know for whom she peddled her curvaceous wares to on this morning , but i was like a feasible buyer at a fruit stand .
and since drew possessed the emotional intellect of a fruit fly , he became as malleable as moist putty in her fingertips .
a scent of rotten fruit and vegetables cleaved the air with an odiferous chop .
the homes all came complete with cute little doors and windows framed with licorice or peanut brittle and a fruit or nut where the chimney should have been .
chapter 26 miles sat lost in thought as he jabbed his fork distractedly into a pale - orange square of cantaloupe on his plate , placing the piece of fruit in his mouth with a rather robotic motion .
the ribbon on the girls finger leads her to a cool looking box with fruit in it .
mara jerked her hand away from the fruit .
she always knocked ... but if livy did nt answer immediately , she jimmied the lock with a paperclip and barged in , releasing a chemical - cocktail of nail polish , hairspray , and artificial fruit into my room .
her earlobe rested on the fruits fuzzy skin .
there was something provocative in the sight of maras wince and the smell of singed fruit ... you ve been a gentleman , she said .
* * * the next morning most of the members of the manchell family woke up at their leisure and ate from the spread of breads , jellies , and fruits that hannah had laid out .
one evening about a week after my encounter with the youth i arrived at my garden and found all of the fruits and vegetables gone .
from single root , the tree and all the fruit thereon .
come on a ride , where the carte de fare is a grilled cheeseburger with onions , pickles and tomatoes , french fries , lots of them , 3 slices of cheese - and - pepperoni pizza , 1 pint each of vanilla , chocolate and chocolate chip ice cream , water , a 20 - ounce coke , a 20 - ounce pepsi and fruit , including an apple , banana and orange .
i watched her for a few minutes , thinking it was sweet how her date was feeding her fruit dipped in chocolate .
i ask her as i watch her devouring the fruit my mom had brought us .
i finally get the bowl away from emi and take off across the room , popping a few pieces of fruit in my mouth .
after a few more minutes of silence , she drops her book on the floor and gets up , walking across the room to the bowl of fruit .
we sit on either side of it , finishing off the fruit .
our diet became the fruit we had brought on board with us .
it was creepy enough to see the same stranger clang knife to fork as his mother offered to pack him a lunch , placing two fruit rolls , a soda , a de - crusted sandwich , and an oversized piece of dessert into a used paper bag that was so soft and worn it made no noise as she opened it up .
he is in what looks like a circus tent surrounded by a buffet of dried fruits and various teas .
he longs for fresh fruit , non - nutritional salt snacks , fried fish .
through the window , the night dentist sees fruit trees .
alone in a fruit field , he dreams of soft tissue , silverfish , sound sleep .
he laughed at a joke shed told him about convertibles , and then at another shed told him about fruit .
if she could be any fruit , shed be a lychee because she was so sweet , and if she could be a car , shed be a bright red convertible because this was the kind that everybody wanted .
she 'd make a tour of the fruit trees as well and haul out some jars to be cleaned out for canning .
caroline turned to face her , and miranda saw that she 'd found the store of canned fruits they always kept in an old wooden cupboard out there .
she 'd piled up the hay and canned the fruit and cleaned out the stalls and hung up the ropes and the saddles .
her lips red and soft as overripe fruit .
his mother 's trailer was right there across the road , still that raw amber shade of rotten fruit .
there was nothing else in the fridge but a few spherical fruits , now unidentifiable .
having to interrupt his train of thought , just as it was bearing flowers and forbidden fruit , left him exasperated .
looking - out over , a bustling ancient market - place of fruit and vegetables and livestock trading - outposts and stalls set - out with what could be paid - for ... only without that which could not physically be brought - to market , due to bulk - mass , type and valueon screen : in - transit , still in - the - ground .
< plastics : ... oily sulphurous plutonium - golden - patterned sheet - topped shop counters ... tablesgambling - houses ... > gambling - shops ... and public drinking - houses ... entertainment < media - crackdownfull - size sports screened ... > shopping - malls : ... keeping the people contentmost anyway < food - hall and health - centres : ... leisure and media : ... > places of barter and banter : and betting ... < of ... goods lain - inlaid - in and on and over the lay - of - the - land : laid - down planned - over panning - out ... from : the - town and ... urban - centre market - place : with courthouse and balanced scales held aloft : over the ... vegetable and fruits of the earth livestock market - place : the - city : vanity - avatar : -stepped - out through the window .
eventually he will fall from the sky and drop to the ground like piece of rotten fruit from a tree and he will be crushed in an instant .
so does the precipice give forth blossoms , so does the volcano gush fruit and so do the hidden things come to light .
there were family pictures hanging on some walls and a couple paintings of fruit on tables on others .
jackie then told me , tamika gave me a cheese sandwich and some fruit cups from their refrigerator when you were in the bathroom .
i saw exotic fruits i d never heard of at the time being peddled such as longan ( dragons eye ) , carambola ( star fruit ) , cherimoya , ugli and passion fruit .
i saw exotic fruits i d never heard of at the time being peddled such as longan ( dragons eye ) , carambola ( star fruit ) , cherimoya , ugli and passion fruit .
i saw exotic fruits i d never heard of at the time being peddled such as longan ( dragons eye ) , carambola ( star fruit ) , cherimoya , ugli and passion fruit .
on arrival they will cut him free of this animal and then , unceremoniously , as if he were some thick - skinned fruit , peel him naked of this sack for all to see before they strap him to the stake and set fire to the wood , but not before making sure the wooden wedge remained secure in his mouth : for screaming is not allowed .
then said , not sure why , be sure to eat lots of fruit .
water , a fruit perhaps ?
as melissa was fixing a fruit salad , ananda said , are you certain that you are using a knife right now ?
: ananda had finished the delicious fruit salad , and melissa was now serving tea in the dining room .
all her talk was about her own world of household details , what did she think about the price of fruit this time of year , should nt it have come down by now , with all the imports and all ; about the other kids , should she try to alter tims clothes to fit sarah , did she think sarah would mind ?
she had found the lake water clean enough for consumption , but even though eating as sparingly as she possibly couldshe felt weak at timesshe was down to four cans of mixed fruits , half a dozen protein bars and two bags of trail mix : nuts , raisins , sunflower seeds , and dried pineapple .
he set about attacking his dinner as if time might run out before the bowl was clean while harry washed the fruit , rinsed the spinach , fixed the salad .
they were ships : your hair contains a complete dream of sails and masts ; it contains the high seas whose monsoons waft me on to pleasant climates where space is deeper and more blue , the atmosphere perfumed by fruits , and leaves , and human skin .
smiled back , but forced himself to look away , as if searching the isle for his particular brand of canned fruit , very important .
canned food , fruits , and vegetables ( for a month ? ) .
fresh fruit , at least a weeks worth .
not much fresh fruit , though .
she was not going to battle through this throng of carts to reach far end of the isle which held the canned fruits according to the signs .
she took another , less crowded , isle then approached the canned fruit from the north ( is how she pictured it ) .
got what must have been the last of both and counting herself lucky she returned to the canned fruits .
the canned fruit supplies were dwindling fast and she helped herself to as much as she could of what was left .
for the fruit .
the other three paintings were still lifes of various fruits and vegetables .
: he brought fresh fruit , an omelet , bacon , and coffee .
servants had now plied them with wine and cheese and fruit ; guards stood at the outer gates and at all entrances to the villa .
: : 99 : : harman - karman brought her fresh fruit , an omelet , bacon , and coffee .
she looked up from the tray ; the omelet gone as well as the fruit .
green tea and some fruit .
salad , tea , and some fruit .
he raised his head and took the offered fruit , chewed twice , but there the conflict ended .
they found the local grocery store better stocked than appearances would promise , and bought as many fruits and vegetables as their little fridge would hold .
there are three types of karma : the karma already created and stored to bear fruit tomorrow , or in some future life ; past karma , currently bearing fruit , affecting you today ; and the karma currently weaved by thoughts and actions in the now to bear future fruit .
a light breakfastmainly fruit , and green tea .
at first glance the four foot tall fruit basket has only apples and oranges , but upon further inspection , there 's peaches , tangerines , and apricots .
i felt it as i sat at my desk , sipping coffee , decaffeinated , pausing between filing and typing ; as i wandered dreamily through narrow cambridge streets , pausing to choose fruit or vegetables from the market , lingering and enjoying the colours and shapes ; as i nodded smiling at the books stephen held out to me , the text blurring , those strange diagrams , cross - sections of womens insides , bearing no relation to me .
i bought my food like an old - fashioned french housewife , smelling and feeling the fruit , preparing everything with meticulous care and pleasure .
and the patterns , some so detailed and intricate , little golden birds in a tree with some sort of fruit , glowing because of the light on the silk and others bold geometric colours , rougher in texture .
such beautiful markets , you ve never seen such fruit and vegetables , laid out like that , such colours , and the smell of it .
the market always had fresh fruits and vegetables .
her mouth , if not her whole head , exploded with the sensation of fruit .
melissa had tea and some fruit ready to go and dashed off to the kitchen to fetch it .
: the following morning they were served a refreshing breakfast consisting of many fruits and chilled tea .
thus the owner must be acknowledged before the tenant may partake of the fruits .
according to the bible , adam and eve fell from paradise as a consequence of disobeying gods prohibition ( to not eat any fruit from the tree of knowledgewhich in my view is gods great hint for us not get too tangled up in the input of our senses and the facts they seem to provide ) .
for breakfast i ve never had much more than fruit .
i did nt get to ask him to elaborate , for that was the moment karins search for us brought fruit .
some birds picked at fruits and berries with their beaks to still the hunger , and larger birds picked at the smaller birds with talons and beaks to still their hunger .
some beasts ate the fruits and grains and berries of plants to still their hunger and other beasts , larger and less patient , tore the smaller beasts apart and ate their hearts and livers and muscles and drank their warm blood to still their hunger .
for every molecule conspires , every atom , every quark , every proton , neutron , electron , every wink , kiss , heartbeat , every rush conspires , every mist , explosion , willow , fish , taxi , every shop , every smile , every smell , every flower , every street , grain of sand , drop of water , tasty sandwich , succulent fruit and beautiful forest all constantly conspire to fill the self and so extinguish him .
nachiketa tried to hold back , but still he more devoured than ate the fruits and breads that the silent servant put before him .
the fruit filled him with a happy energy .
i will go visit him with a basket of fruit tomorrow .
there 's those ghost town foundations out there and maybe one of those fruit loop artists buried a can of silver dollars or a priceless sculpture or something . ''
her name was meredith and one look from her could frost fruit trees in august .
i had a piece of fresh fruit with every meal .
her father knew a lot about wild fruits , and we often went into the forest with baskets .
when i deposited the first load of fruit in our compound , my mother looked at them approvingly while my father said , ha !
the whips cut into soft and yielding flesh , biting deep , splitting open the skin like the furrows of ploughs across fertile earth , like the slash of machetes into ripe fruit .
does the renzo of the fruit know him / it ?
i would have had to answer to the lady impicciona that his / her renzo i did n't know him / it , considering that in the neolitico , when they sold fruit , i had not been born yet ; and i would also have added that not even to die 200 times , my dear lady quail would be leveled with a man as mr . mario .
the lady quail meanwhile , as if nothing pits , listened curious and renzo , what he / she sold the fruit , enviably read the newspaper of calm gossip .
the plaza already swarmed with people that walked earning the waterfront : who ate ice creams , who sipped cocktail of fruit , who entered and it went out of shops still opened , who snooped among the stands , who made photo , who recalled to the order his / her own children attracted by the small groups of little boys that , had a good time , they raced for the space enjoying better it than they did n't make the adults .
i have followed by instinct him and we have approached fast there to the tavolino , covered by the too people that stirred , they spoke , they smiled and they gesticulated among them drinking cocktail and eating fruit .
it had certain the belly but the splendid suit color whipped cream that opened only on her shoulders , bandaged her / it to sufficiency to disguise the fruit of the love with mark that brought in the abdomen .
and to think that this is only the first blossoming , and that the real fruits are to come !
the old woman had died , the old man explains , precisely because of her decadent lifestyle of doing lines of cremated men actual cremated men and also that pointless cunt consumed four and not 5 helpings of fruit per day .
trillium focused on her upper arm to examine an inflamed insect bite at the center of a larger discoloration , like spoiled fruit .
he felt a sudden urge to see willa , lead the cave tour , open a fruit stand .
adels mother prepares a plate of sweets and fruit .
he gave them some bread and cheese , and some fruit to take with them in the morning , and said he would pray for them .
so , tell me , she said , enjoying the last sip of delicious wine from her glass , savoring , for the first time she was in paris , the complexity of the wine , some sort of earthy fruit .
a time - lapsed but rotoscoped treatment of live action photography : budding fruit shouldering their way out of pods ; wheat fields of green wiggling shoots that run tall into mature golden strands , before crumpling and collapsing into fallow gray ; a river swelling , meandering messily over plains , then shrinking to a single cold blue artery ; the skirt of sunlight drawing across the deserts , hills , plains and ocean of the tumbling earth .
and for dessert , you prefer fresh fruit .
she grabbed an apple and a pear from the fruit bowl on the breakfast table and walked through every room on the first floor , then went downstairs to darrels den , to see what changes mrs . gentry had made there .
grace treated the players and trainers to catered seafoodsteamed crab legs and boiled shrimp and deviled crab and flounder filetand mounds of fresh cut fruit .
in her hand were three plates piled high with seafood and fruit , each covered with aluminum foil .
here , take this one with the fruit on it .
the other ones are fruit and vegetable , and dairy .
what about fruits and vegetables ?
i got that , and that s fruit .
on that same visit , tracy learned that graces secret sunday errand was disseminating sandwiches and fruit drinks to homeless people in a park downtown .
she had a beautiful cake prepared and fruit juice to drink .
she brought him a fruit drink , and they sat down to talk .
she offered him a glass of citrusy fruit juice and ice .
a heavy teardrop swaying like rotten fruit about to break free and fall heavy and sweet and bursting to the earth .
plants of every variety and colours were bursting with fruits and flowers .
hygiene aside , he kept a clean farm except the kitchen floor , which his wife shannon swept several times a day to remove the dirt and manure , performing this task between readying three meals , with preparation orders from jack outlawing fruits and vegetables , as his palate only required two staples : meat and potatoes .
lady axa led her children along marble passageways and down wide flowing stairs then across a courtyard in which delicate fountains tinkled gaily into ponds filled with fattened fish , fruit trees scented the air in a garden where humming birds buzzed and hummed as they darted among beautiful flowers .
they could see the market packed with buyers and sellers , goods of every description stacking out the stalls - fruit and vegetables , brightly coloured clothing , fish fresh from the sea , pottery , crockery , utensils and harvest brought in from the countryside .
beautiful birds fluttered under trees laden with fruit ; friendly little animals ran free playing and chasing each other , gentle waves lapped against a coral beach .
even as they began lowering a boat to collect fresh - water the smells of the island undulated over the shimmering lagoon to their waiting nostrils ; bougainvillaea , hibiscus and citrus fruits .
when the cart passed near to an orange tree alonzo stood up and reached into the branches , he emerged clutching handfuls of the fruits .
the ceiling was baroque plasterwork which formed fruits of every type and description ; apples , pears , pomegranates and grapes all hung down looking real enough to eat .
garretts ordered two barbecue sandwiches and a hostess lemon fruit pie for dessert .
clamor is chewing a stick of juicy fruit .
for dessert , i suggest , you might want to a hostess fruit pie .
we make an odd - looking party clamor , hirsch , rose , garrett and me in the corner booth with piles of barbecue , cokes and hostess fruit pies .
i wake the others and we stumble out of the lyric and back to colemans , for coffee and more fruit pies .
ocarina vermillion , clamor says , mouth full of hostess lemon fruit pie .
clamor puts the fruit pie down and begins talking about out of body experiences , somebody named robert munroe , emanuel swedenborg , etheric realms , silver cords , the golden dawn , and astral bodies .
instead of a junior league style soiree featuring still lives of fruit bowls , oil paintings of magnolias in blossom , and watercolor portraits of grandmothers , this years installation consists of mainly of nudes in every imaginable medium acrylics , pastels , charcoal , bronzes , woodcuts , mobiles , photographs along with enormous canvases of angry abstract paintings in passionate colors and violent brushstrokes .
someones spiked the fruit punch with vodka .
the fairground is already teeming with vendors selling blueberries , leeks , eggs , early corn , flowers , cabbage , beeswax , zucchini , jams , cherries , biscuits , spinach , red velvet cakes , onions , kale , sweet peppers , fruit pies of every imaginable variety , eggplant , raw milk , asparagus , fudge , butter , preserves , nectarines , cheese , scallions , honey , basil , lettuce , chard , summer squash , candles , pigs feet , honey dew , peaches , carrots , radishes , collards , green beans , herb tinctures , snap peas , cucumbers , live chickens , and green onions .
in fact , skip all the fruits .
still he persists naming a few out - of - the - way fruits ( pomegranate , mango , guava , kiwi ) , before he gets down to business .
alma was quaint in the sunlight , carrying a wooden pail full of fruit .
i walked past the fruit carts , weaving through the maze of the bazaar , waving , smelling the greens and the spices in their flour sacks , dazzled by the colorful fabrics and jewelry , the kettles , the aroma of hookah in every variety , the fruits and baking bread , the fish , ah yes , the coiled pastries , the dishware , and all the people breathing in the tunes of conversation .
i walked past the fruit carts , weaving through the maze of the bazaar , waving , smelling the greens and the spices in their flour sacks , dazzled by the colorful fabrics and jewelry , the kettles , the aroma of hookah in every variety , the fruits and baking bread , the fish , ah yes , the coiled pastries , the dishware , and all the people breathing in the tunes of conversation .
this is an integral instruction , kane- do n't eat any fruits you 're unfamiliar with .
leon : do not eat fruit you are not familiar with .
alma passed the naked apple back to heart of the people , who devoured the pale fruit in several heartbeats .
the only trees kane saw did not appear to bear fruit .
the particular tree she spotted was the lushest among those in its remote copse , bearing dewy bunches of fruit that sprouted between sponge - veined leaves- alma had a spectacular eye for the lushest trees , yet she seemed doubtful of her visual acumen when teaching kane how to pick fruit .
the particular tree she spotted was the lushest among those in its remote copse , bearing dewy bunches of fruit that sprouted between sponge - veined leaves- alma had a spectacular eye for the lushest trees , yet she seemed doubtful of her visual acumen when teaching kane how to pick fruit .
these were the ripest fruits .
kane : i was thinking we put a different fruit in yours- separate the fruits .
kane : i was thinking we put a different fruit in yours- separate the fruits .
kane bit into the forever of the fruit and the sweet juice exploded in flavor that delights the sky .
it was then that kane realized that one could see more in a fruit than people have seen in whole lifetimes .
fruit is not fruit if it defies its nature , to have its every drop of juice adulated as the holy miracle of life .
i ' m not sure what fruit this is .
as long as i ' ve known him i ' ve never seen him pay for anything- he 's the only millionaire i know who 'll rob a fruit stand .
in order that their waiter would not discern anything unusual , they ordered coffee , accompanied by fruit and pastry .
quarles told him to order what he wanted , and colling asked for a steak and potatoes , salad , fresh fruit , cheese , calling back the waiter to tell him he also wanted ice cream for dessert .
i picked up some fruit , cereal and milk .
finding cute handy packets of yoghurt covered fruit that you can take with you wherever you go and the kind of spreads that others like .
the female polarized twin soul carries the fruit of the twin soul union , but this does n't mean that the male ` ` halves '' do n't possess wisdom .
her breath smelled of honey and fruit .
surrounded by fruits and vegetables that grew year - round , the man had everything he could possibly need or desire .
in the distance was an orchard with bird cherry and wild apple trees filled with fruit .
in a satchel that lay across her ponys withers , sasha had packed water , fruit , and a small bottle of oil that had been pressed from pine nuts and herbal flowers .
they imagined planting a long row of raspberry bushes , side by side , surrounding their property a fence that would last forever , give them fruit and privacy while keeping deer out of their gardens , yet this fence would feed their neighbors and passersby as well .
the fruit and vegetable seeds were given to them , but never planted by others because every family would put a few seeds under their tongues and let the seeds soak for nine minutes .
although families often shared with each other , no one grew fruits or vegetables to sell to others , nor would anyone dream of stealing from a neighbor .
matthew saw a path leading out to a hillside and from there they looked down into a valley full of tropical fruit trees .
bananas , mangoes , papayas there was pineapple and star fruit , too , and all kinds of vegetation and trees filled with nuts .
nothing in their lives had ever tasted as delicious as the fruit they found here .
some people were gardening or collecting fruit in their orchard , others were riding horses or out walking .
as she looked beyond the living fences amelia could see where people were sun - drying tomatoes , mushrooms and fruit .
we have fruit for now and at least this room is large enough that we wo nt run out of air .
mountains stretched above a forest of glimmering aspen and fragrant pine trees , and a crystal clear stream wound its way through a grassy meadow where fruit trees could be seen in the distance .
water moved gracefully around the new obstructions , departing from old streambeds and creating new ones , but the underground source still provided an abundance of the most delicious , invigorating water dylan had ever experienced and combined with the fresh air and eating the most delicious raw fruits , nuts and vegetables every day , he felt more alive and energized than ever before in his life .
mothers did nt shoo their children into the house , and in fact , as they walked along people waved and said hello , smiling at him with kindness while waving to asha and offering them some extra fruit or vegetables from their gardens .
by the time they reached the end of the path it was nearly dark , but they could easily see the broad river before them flowing along languidly with tiny , handmade wooden boats , with a candle and a piece of fruit in each boat .
so about once or twice a year , all the girls in the village who are of marrying age and still looking for their beloved well , they get together and make these boats with candles they ve made themselves and fruit from a tree that grows on their own land .
he takes a journey up the river and he can tell from the fruit in the boat which tree it grew from .
the only other things i thought of were whether my child had had enough fruit and vegetables in her diet , and if she wanted to play or needed help with her homework .
harry suddenly fell to the sand like a piece of overripe fruit , leaving his belt hanging from the limb in the tree random extended his hand and a shattered young man crawled on board .
some part of tina was always in motion , a foot or nger , strong jaws working a wad of juicy fruit , popping it like a whip whenever she thought your attention was wandering .
frankie says you re a fruit .
an audience from the pool hall had gathered outside , but cynthia paid them no more mind than if they were fruit ies .
i recognized it as a line from the book of genesis just before god punished adam and eve for eating the forbidden fruit .
the places of extra flesh seemed derived from elysian ffields , fruit from the garden adam was born in .
she had not gone on to explain about her years of being affectionately called loves fruit , a young lady firm and sweet , since her place as papas apple was none of her attendants concern .
she was talking with other young women in a cluster , having just finished off a little bowl of fruit she held when she heard the deliberate a - hem of a familiar voice behind her .
supper in the inns dining room that night was a spirited , jovial affair , with the maids bringing in plates of constances favorite fruit tartlets for dessert , for your highnesss birthday and for her highnesss birthday serving as explanations as they set the pastries down on the tables .
may the telling of your story , magister , bring fruit from these desiccated , sinewed branches , these limbs dried by age and cares .
fruit weighed heavily upon the trees , bending branches mercilessly .
domens claims left him sick , yet with a taste for fruits he had never desired before .
did nt ecealdor say the fruit of the orchards belongs to you ?
he said we have possession of the fruits .
what stranger had so influenced her desire for the fruits of the orchard ?
every plant , every tree became their passion ; they knew when each did well , when each required pruning , how to cajole them into bringing forth fruit .
these were the fruits astigan had once granted me , and now i took them shamelessly .
fully i baptized myself in the sweetness of taste , to forget the bitterness of all else the fruit stood for .
apples and pears , fruits of every nature , their juice smeared our faces .
fatted calves , flowing wine and exotic fruits filled his tables at these feasts as all , master and servant , indulged equally of the bounty .
he had no resistance against cwen as she continued to press his hoarding of the fruit of the orchards ; even more so , begietan had spent the evening at home , goading him to help force bregdan from the island .
too , the orchards each morning showed forth less crop to harvest : the overabundance of beorns pantry led to sloth , the plants and trees fell to waste , the work required to husband fruits grew more onerous and begat more sloth .
fruits of the garden ?
golden fruit hung among silver leaves .
as coren crossed over into the orchards , he knew to look for their succulent fruits .
i can not produce a crop because birds and blight attack the trees , thorns and thistles tear at my hands and feet , and the fruit that does come i can not save from thieves .
plow them deep , dig around the roots , and this patch will again bear fruit unto you .
had i not rescued myself from the grip of the fermented fruit ?
if the gardener labors over his trees , digging around the roots , fertilizing the ground , will it then bear bitter fruit ?
when the tree prospers again , it bears an abundance of fruit .
coren faithfully pressed his campaign , and where he sowed from his sack grains and fruits arose for the hungry to glean , but his summons to reconciliation increasingly found stone ears .
the king bequeaths authority over the orchards to you , but while you jealously guard the fruits , the authority has fallen to thieves .
but you turn them into a curse , for you set aside precious fruits and spices for yourselves , but ignore the more important duties of the steward : justice and mercy for your brothers and sisters .
also , the fruits of the orchards , what yet survives .
every piece of fruit or grain , i will bring .
beat them , threaten them , bribe them from your rotten heap of fruit if you wish , but bring to me all the names .
domen ordered him to turn out his cellars , his storehouses , the orchards produce so miserly guarded at last released ; the fruits and vegetables , reduced to putrid mush , made more suitable for domen now .
always seek the offer of supplies , as each is able dried fruit , dried meat if they so possess .
the name pulled over her tongue like rancid fruit and squeezed through her teeth .
cece moved away , over to a shady spot under a fruit tree .
while she haphazardly perused the menu for the third time , she finally decided on a bowl of fruit and a small salad .
if her estimation was correct , her lined shelves contained about four hundred jars of various fruits and vegetables .
they pluck a fruit here and sow a seed there , always creating an enigmatic experience in the chaotic total .
tony , bless him , had already been out and brought back fresh fruit , yogurt , pastries .
turning back to the kitchen table i saw it - an envelope standing up against a fruit bowl .
once finished she grabbed a couple of pieces of fruit to get her through the long day of studying and headed back up to the room for the day .
this is where time is measured by geology and the night shift by the flambeau , seasons are named after fruit and vegetable and the only true sourness they know of is the senescence of the papaya and the mango .
gave him a new perspective , so he took his mothers advice and headed back to new york to finish what he had started - his sacrifice produced fruit .
i move past the first stall of fruits and vegetables laid out in color and abundance on long tables .
piled high and precarious , the fruit calls out to me , as do the men from the taco stand and the fish stall .
four dollars and fifty cents for a bag so full of fresh fruits and vegetables , that i can barely carry it home .
i squeeze double the amount of microdyn into the tub and start sorting my veggies and fruit .
if it is broccoli , or tomatoes , fruits which float or veggies that are too tall to fit in all at once i must remember to come back and flip or spin them after fifteen minutes so that any amoebas or bacterias that await our susceptible gringo stomachs are killed .
i move back into the kitchen and begin selecting lunch food from the array of floating colors before me , wondering if i will have to run back to the market for one forgotten fruit or another .
he moved closer to the window , the bakery , fruit shop and old men in the bar playing cards coming into view .
the room was approximately ten feet by ten feet , a thin piece of wood crossed the room as an improvised pole to hang my clothes , my books stood upon a fruit crate on its side .
i stepped across the vegetable garden below the house where we had eaten , the tomatoes and pepper plants were still young , waiting for their fruit to appear .
think of the land and the fruit that it bears .
he removed his hat and filled it with the delicious fruit .
michael spent the remainder of the day gathering fruits and nuts .
one of the books contained instructions on how to tan leather ; another told how to preserve meat and fruit by drying it in the sun or over a fire .
he again prepared a meal of fried bread , salt pork , fruits , and nuts .
in summer , he gathered seeds , nuts , and fruit .
the fruits consisted of strawberries , blackberries , crab apples , grapes , plums , persimmons , mulberries , and hackberries .
he harvested the fruit in season , sliced it thin , and placed it in the sun to dry .
the dried fruit , stored in a dry place , would remain good , so he had an abundance of fruit and seeds to use in the winter .
the dried fruit , stored in a dry place , would remain good , so he had an abundance of fruit and seeds to use in the winter .
bee stings hurt , but other than the sugar in the fruit , the honey was his only source of sugar and well worth the pain .
at times , he had to place himself in danger.should he fall from a tree while gathering fruit or nuts , he might break a leg .
occasionally , he saw indian women gathering fruit , roots , nuts , and vegetables , and placing what they gathered in baskets , woven from branches or vines .
as they were gathering fruit , he accidentally rubbed against her and an excitement ran through him .
he fried a rabbit and seasoned it with salt and served it with honey - sweetened fruit and nuts on a plate with a knife , fork , and spoon .
michael gave the men water , dried fruit , and jerky , and then washed joes wound and stopped the bleeding with clean , dry ashes from his last fire .
* * * each man checked his guns and made sure he had plenty of shot and powder , a canteen of water , jerky , dried fruit , and a pouch containing salt .
this land was not as fertile , nor was the vegetation so verdant , or the wild fruit and nuts so plentiful , but it had another kind of beauty , when people are alone they feel the peace and quiet .
there s still a large store of dried fruit and nuts in that cave .
sage was enjoying the fruit and berries he remembered .
he gathered wild fruit to supplement his diet and then spent the night on a knoll overlooking the river where he could keep an eye on his animals and not be seen .
in that world , he would prefer a house at the foothills where a river would be flowing and the valley would be lush with flowers and fruits .
similar is the situation about fishes , local vegetables and fruits .
a lone fruit fly hovered above a black banana in the fruit bowl on the table .
a lone fruit fly hovered above a black banana in the fruit bowl on the table .
i like going there because his backyard is full of fruit trees .
every time we go there , we take plastic buckets with us and fill them up with fruit .
why do nt you kids go and get some fruit , dad suggested .
it was really deep and overgrown with trees and shrubs , most of which had fruit on them .
apart from the old wooden door with the flaky paint , the entire structure was covered in passionfruit vines overflowing with fruit .
once you got over the fact that they were growing over a smelly toilet , the fruit was delicious , especially spooned over ice cream or made into passionfruit butter .
without having a clue as to what an old tree looked like , i instinctively knew that uncle harrys fruit trees were old .
most of the fruits ready to be picked by then .
i reached out and dropped the fruit , trying to miss the branches on the way .
faye was bringing lemon meringue pie and fruit salad for desert and mary was bringing a tossed salad .
i picked up my book and went out to grab a piece of fruit to take with me to the cubby .
i could see my birthday cake in the kitchen and decided against going in there to get the fruit .
peter and maggie had planted some fruit trees when they had first put the septic in ; they were doing beautifully now , almost four years on .
while she was out she had managed to find a corner store that had sold everything from fresh fruit and vegetables , to cold cuts .
violine set a tray with oatmeal and fruit in front of him .
a tangle of poison ivy nestled at the base of a chokeberry tree ; the tiny , red - to - black , apple - like fruit had long since fallen away .
the footage broadcast on the channel ten eyewitness news supposedly showed uncle nathan standing next to his cadillac esplanade with the trunk open , while employees from edgemont produce loaded the rear with boxes of vegetables , fruits , sausage and bacon .
` ` the fruit , ` ` she gestured at a bowl of pineapple chucks , ` ` goes on top of the curry sauce . ''
the fruit was packed away in cellophane bags in the freezer and rationed as special treats during the frigid winter months .
some of these kids wither up like drought - stricken fruit on the vine after what they ve been through .
for the most part , i gave and my ex - wife graciously took everything but the fruit of the loom underwear i was wearing .
an indoor rain forest was kept well misted and heated to a sauna - like eighty degrees ; the building housed a colorful array of tropical birds , fruit bats and a nocturnal marsupial from indonesia that kept scrupulously out of sight during the daylight hours .
they re originally from the jungles of sri lanka and eat pretty much everything including ants , honey , fruit , grubs , grass , flowers , eggs and carrion .
of course , my mother would teach cheryl how to bake breads , not just the exotic dessert loafs with fruit , eggs , cream and honey but the hearty traditional recipes with fresh herbs , whole wheat , molasses and sour dough starter .
and the mountain ash to the left of an outcropping of granite ledge had already lost its showy , spring flowers in favor of a thick crop of orangey - red fruit clusters .
rather than do an apprenticeship he d landed a job in greenwich markets selling fruit and veg and had got johnny a saturday job there so he could save for an amp .
* * * twelve months later , johnny met someone who sold fruit and veg like nobody else .
anything going on the fruit veg stalls ?
i gave them the fruit of the knowledge of good and evil and they ate it and it did not destroy them .
it 's a fruit that god can not eat .
i peered inside a minute or so later and spotted him standing between a stall with fresh vegetables and a canned goods aisle some ten meters from the entrance , studying a can of stewed fruit .
i also noticed that there were cartons of pasteurized milk , fruit juice , and containers of pre - cooked meals arranged on top of the refrigerator , while from the refrigerator door handle hung the empty nylon bag that on that ghastly night the man in black had carried into ezekiels apartment .
as i was strolling down nomis street on my way home , sleepy - eyed merchants were unlatching the heavy metal shutters of their shops , some were arranging fruit on the outdoor stalls ...
the hotels night kitchen had provided him with cereals , fruit , bread , butter and fruit juices for an early breakfast before his pre - dawn outing .
the hotels night kitchen had provided him with cereals , fruit , bread , butter and fruit juices for an early breakfast before his pre - dawn outing .
while you get dressed , ill pick a few lemons and other fruit off the trees for her .
she loves cooking and making things , and appreciates fresh fruit .
home - made jams and scones , clay pottery , toys , pot plants and bundles of flowers , musty smelling aged second hand books , vegetables and fruits , well used cds , dvds , video and audio tapes , even old 78s , 45s and lp records .
my mother showed the lady through all the rooms around the house , except my room , and proudly revealed the massive amount of storage areas , and then the results of all her kitchen skills by showing off her filled preserving jars containing fruit from our own orchard .
and that it had even born fruit .
some of them are fruit eaters not insect eaters and these kind visit their cactus friends and drink from their flowers , this helps the cactus to make their children he told her .
big agro is still doing this today- seedless fruit and high oleic oils are good examples of genetically modified food .
this was rogers favorite seller , since she had the tastiest of fruits .
even fruits .
shabby wooden stalls securely housed mountains of fruits and vegetables , leaning as if they would collapse .
` ` the soil is good ; and i never pass it without regretting that the fruit should be so little worth the trouble of gathering . ''
` ` you were imposed on , ma'am , '' replied dr . grant : ` ` the fruit from that tree is insipid . ''
` ` the truth is , ma'am , '' said mrs . grant , pretending to whisper across the table , ` ` that dr . grant hardly knows what the natural taste of our apricot is : he is scarcely ever indulged with one , for it is so valuable a fruit , that what with tarts and preserves , my cook contrives to get them all . ''
she was eating he d seen her with bags of groceries , milk and cheese and fruit so this had to be rumiko 's natural physique .
the ride home was a montage of sexy little gestures playing through her imagination , images mostly taken from the movies : fingers on chess pieces ; fruit between pressed lips ; transparent blouses and slowly crossed and uncrossed legs .
she had ian peeling fruit and feeding her ice cream and massaging her feet , and he could nt believe the new laura .
sharon touched a switch and a dull light filled the room and amanda could see all the fruit and root vegetables stored on shelves and floor pallets as far as she could see .
there were huge butter bowls piled high with fruit , cedar boughs draped and decorated , big baskets of pine cones decked with ribbons , and an eight foot high balsam tree shining under tinsel and lights and antique blown glass decorations on the coffee house stage .
unlike everyone else who always tried to talk to david , eugene had invariably spent his time with his son following wherever david led , crawling through flower beds , pouring fruit from baskets and bushels , milling about with the two big old dogs , walking aimlessly from one place to another .
it was like a giant living collage made of fruit and flour and vegetables and meat arranged on serving dishes of all kinds .
a huge abstract acrylic by barbara klunder over the fireplace came with an anniversary , a raku bowl glowing with its dark iridescence sat empty where it usually sat filled with fruit .
the way branches are grafted on to the boughs of a tree that would bear different fruit over the years , the three women were grafted onto the root stock of a past they had no idea that they shared until they could feel its living source in their lives .
she had also packed sandwiches and fruit and drinks for lunch , because she did nt want to spend one moment in a restaurant when they could be going door - to - door seeking out treasures that might be waiting behind every new old farm door .
amanda was absolutely fascinated by her and , over tea and scones drenched with wild fruit jams exploding with flavor , she slowly got miss bridget to tell about herself and her life .
the force of her mothers emotion was irresistible as ann marie gathered her daughter in her arms , pressing her lips into megans cheek , tasting it like it was the most succulent , addictive fruit in the world .
from beside a tree , tranh took a rough looking folding table that obviously stayed where it was all year long , and he opened it and began to prepare the meal , as everyone watched in anticipation as he opened plastic containers of salads and fried chicken and fruit .
the blossoms of spring bulbs passed and fruit trees filled with bees and blossoms , white plum and cherry and fat apple pink .
its days were gone when it would shed a huge circle of blossoms in the spring , when it would shed the green fruit , like baby butternuts , pruning itself of its too heavy burden , when it would shed its ripe fruit late in the summer and wasps would gather in clouds to sip at the sweet nectar of the windfalls .
its days were gone when it would shed a huge circle of blossoms in the spring , when it would shed the green fruit , like baby butternuts , pruning itself of its too heavy burden , when it would shed its ripe fruit late in the summer and wasps would gather in clouds to sip at the sweet nectar of the windfalls .
she started to cough and she felt saliva stick in her throat like an inhaled fruit fly , and then she had to cough so hard , spasming so hard she had to sit up to breath .
from the pink shed placentas of blossoms that had fallen in circles beneath each peach tree in the orchard , it had only been a few months before the fruit left behind on the branches had changed from hard bitter green pills to succulent balls of white in the bottles laura carried to keep , to keep , to keep .
after the jam was sealed and the metal tops soon began to pop with the contraction of the cooling fruit , laura and amanda looked with admiration at what they had done .
mother and daughter , in the most domestic of tasks , centuries old , turned flour to dough and rolled it out and sealed the fruit inside it and baked it until it filled the boat house with the most incredible smell .
the van fleet farm was like an old apple tree producing bushel after bushel of sweet , heavy fruit , while the farm in their dreams was a sapling with only its first heavy blossoms .
collapsing between them in a moments escape from the passion fruit of the eye , arms around them and smiling through closed eyes .
so why do we not wait for it to ripen and enjoy the entire fruit ?
why would they ever want to send their sons and daughters , the fruit of their wombs , to die in the senseless grinding abattoir that this war has become ?
rajahs favourite food is kiwi fruit , she says to me as she hands over lunch .
they land on the heap of fruit and vegetable scraps belowtheir home , his worm farm .
as i massage the compost in my hand , i feel twigs , leaves , and cardboard as well as fruit and vegetables .
one of the crewmembers suddenly interrupted , dangling two plump red fruits under bunnus nose .
so i put the lynx stomachs in a fruit basket in the middle of our dinner table and went straight to bed , my hands still caked with their blood .
a fruit wagon passed and the happy , rotund seller offered a fresh apple to a seraphic young girl , eliciting a musical giggle .
we went outside to the backyard to cool down and the scent of rotting fruit surrounded us .
tea and fruit played nice on my tray and i was in no rush to watch them get intoxicated at a trough of bloody bovine flesh .
time died and i took my second to last test , augustine could nt be simpler , and went to the cafeteria to get fruit and tea .
across the street a woman in long robes walked before a young girl carrying a basket of fresh yellow fruit .
in front of a battered lock - up garage the girl slipped , spilling the fruit , meddlar ?
the girl huddled into a ball as she tried at once both to protect herself and collect the evasive fruits .
the girl scrabbled about among their feet until she had collected the very last fruit before finding refuge in the arms of her aggressor .
their flight arrived at bulawayo airport at three forty - five p.m. near a kiosk selling fresh fruit , flowers , and newspapers , they located richards number in a tattered phonebook .
cindy returned while sarah went to the bar to buy another round of orange squash , a diluted fruit drink that tasted more like water than fruit and seemed a waste of money to two americans accustomed to coke , dr pepper , and root beer .
cindy returned while sarah went to the bar to buy another round of orange squash , a diluted fruit drink that tasted more like water than fruit and seemed a waste of money to two americans accustomed to coke , dr pepper , and root beer .
all shared the bread and cheese , the ample fruit and squash , brought by many .
the bus careened back to the left , then to the right ; it came to a jarring halt tossing peter and the others around like fruit thrown into a barrel .
the fruit of gratification has seeds of pain and regret of its inevitable discontinuity loaded within it .
during the prior august , before its downfall , i suppose , it must have bloomed , and now in the spring it wore a hat of bright yellow fruit , a sort of wreath of waxy ornaments , each fruit shaped like a teeny pineapple with a black straw crown .
during the prior august , before its downfall , i suppose , it must have bloomed , and now in the spring it wore a hat of bright yellow fruit , a sort of wreath of waxy ornaments , each fruit shaped like a teeny pineapple with a black straw crown .
oh , those lemony fruit !
eventually the flowers wilted , and the barrel cactus produced a waxy yellow fruit with a top of stiff black straw -- what i saw on the toppled barrel cactus that the pale man and lady photographed .
and these fruits which are like crowns of miniature pineapples were a glorious lemony yellow color and remained throughout each winter long after the glossy flowers were gone .
we wo nt have to wait another day for those wonderful pomegranatesand i wish i knew how they get those to grow so gall darn big and juicy -- up at ralph campbells house , and that means you kids can come along and play with mikey in his room , while i talk to mr . and mrs . campbell and pick some fruit .
ralph says the fruit is pulling down the branches all around his trees ; its so heavy , and he is afraid it will fall or the birds will get at them .
there could be some wind coming , and that will drop the fruit like billy - be darned .
i want to make some darn good jelly with those fruits of his this year and it was nice of him to offer them .
who will pick the fruit ?
and who will cook the fruit ?
i could see mr . campbells big hands fumbling to pull the enormous splotchy pomegranate fruits .
nowlisten to thisacross , across the wide , wide fertile plain of america in those early years , he began , that were then covered , covered i say kids , with teeming masses of frolicking antelope , the young antelope kicking their heels in the warm sunshine , which was the very best kind of sunshine , buttery yellow sunshine , just as though it was fresh from the churn , american sunshine of the western great plains , beating down on the fertile antelopes who in their multitudes were butting their small horns , like the horn of plenty , the fruits of many of unknown plants , plants sinking their roots in the dark prairie soil and lifting their leaves into the sun , across these plains traveled , ever forward , ever westward , by the teeming mass of covered wagons , carrying grandma and grandpa too and all the belongings , the quilts and bedsteads , the beans and coffee , and these wagons crossed the prairie , jolting , jerking moving over the grassy continent , carrying in them the possessions of thousands of family and those families themselves moving steadily westward , those pioneers ... into the sun ... sorry kids i need to visit the bathroom for a moment .
the fruit from a barrel cactus bobbed past looking exactly like a tiny yellow pineapple .
the tree that this impromptu group congregated around was a small sour orange , one of hundreds of these blighted fruit trees planted in intervals along the parkways of the central streets by misguided city fatherstrees planted , and then neglected , never fed or pruned , and left without a source of water other than the old pueblos spotty rainfall .
birds and most bugs refused to eat the ghastly fruit produced by the tree , and the sight in the spring and summer of the oranges lying scattered about the streets and the sidewalks would cause snowbirds to criticize the locals .
so much free fruit lying around tempted newcomers to sneak out at night with sacks and pillowcases which they hurriedly stuffed with the awful oranges , never realizing that no one would object if they came in daylight and took every sour oranges in the entire city , only a fool would bother defending them ; at their next breakfast the thieves would discover ( to their considerable horror ) that the oranges yielded a pale juice which bit into your mouth like lemon juice .
when it dried , the whole fruit reduced in size exactly like a shrunken head on a headhunters belt .
a subtle palette of browns and warm mustards might blend with sallow parts of the orange hemispheres , while on other oranges whole sides of the fruit would be slashed with red .
but as fruit , the oranges failed ; they were best put to use by delinquents who exercised their growing limbs by kicking them or throwing them at passing cars and trains ; after decades of neglect most of the sour orange trees had become gnarled and stunted ; the tree themselves withered away to gray , ghostly stumps , then disappeared entirely , the empty wells remained for a decade after the trees were gone and then even the wells filled with dirt and disappeared .
the previous week dwight forgot to change the setting on his labeling machine and priced kiwi fruit at half the normal cost .
he arrived fifteen minutes early to work every morning with a metal lunch box , thermos of hot chocolate and piece of fruit .
she brought her lunch plus a piece of fruit to work in a brown paper bag and drank coffee from a thermos rather than indulge herself with a caf mocha cappuccino or any of the green mountain deluxe blends they sold by the cup at the deli counter .
the fruit trees , which were our livelihood , required constant care .
mr . mcsweeney was staring at a patch of bunchberries with clusters of turgid , reddish fruit dangling from the plant .
lester and his new bride , tovah mcsweeney , would live off the land , can berries and fruits , smoke fish like the indians anticipating the winter shortages of fresh game , hunt and trap until their cattle business was firmly established then trade for cloth , spices and other necessities .
mrs . wiener had just fixed a pair of her husbands fruit of the loom boxer underwear on the line with a pair of wooden clothespins , when she saw a huge , almond - colored missile sail up and over the fence , coming to rest with a frightening crash among the tiger lilies in her rock garden .
in the morning , george dug through the compost heap where his parents had been dumping banana peels , eggshells , coffee grounds , fruit and other degradable refuse in a shallow pit .
music , a couple bites of nuts and dried fruit , and he looks perfectly contented .
we had an adequate breakfast of fruit and walmart breakfast bars earlier .
cherries , peaches , grapes , rolling hills of fruit for as far as the eye could see .
the kids expecting fruit trees and seeing nothing but distant cactus .
our ma would give folks some fruit or something if she had it , the guy says .
from years back , she recalls the delicious anticipation of this time of year her garden fruits and vegetables lush and plump and close to harvest .
mom brought me a half - gallon of milk and some fresh fruit , but i still need to go grocery shopping .
they assume we eat little debbie cakes three times a day and do nt touch fruits or vegetables .
i just need some coffee and maybe a little of that fruit salad .
at this time the fruit had ripened in the orchards , so hans was sent the next morning to the garden to shake his masters fruit trees .
at this time the fruit had ripened in the orchards , so hans was sent the next morning to the garden to shake his masters fruit trees .
but when he began to shake , he shook out the branches along with the fruit , and when his master came into the garden soon afterwards to see the work of his new servant , hans spoke frankly to him , lord , your fruit trees must be old and brittle , because i wanted to shake the fruit , the branches broke down with them !
but when he began to shake , he shook out the branches along with the fruit , and when his master came into the garden soon afterwards to see the work of his new servant , hans spoke frankly to him , lord , your fruit trees must be old and brittle , because i wanted to shake the fruit , the branches broke down with them !
but when he began to shake , he shook out the branches along with the fruit , and when his master came into the garden soon afterwards to see the work of his new servant , hans spoke frankly to him , lord , your fruit trees must be old and brittle , because i wanted to shake the fruit , the branches broke down with them !
they came often to me , i gave them seeds and grains for new plants and crops , and they brought to me thanks for their fruits .
on such an occasion my brother complained to his nextdoor neighbor , a man with whom it is very comfortable talking , that for some time small quantities of fruit had been constantly going missing from his ground without ever being able to discover the thief .
my eyes welled up as i watched the young girls eating from a shared plate of fruit , both wearing the special dresses sara had chosen for them to wear to the wedding .
there i was , picking some fruit from the approved trees , when i noticed this naked girl walking up to the one tree we are not supposed to touch .
i saw some fruit i really wanted that just happened to be nearby , so i stepped closer and could not help but overhear the conversation that was going on .
go ahead , hon , have some wicked evil stinking fruit .
they saw a large snakea serpent , by their own distinctionflicking his tongue from the branch of the tree that bore their forbidden fruit .
she took the fruit from the tree and ate , and the man ate , too .
the fruit in that tree was just fruit , but they made it mean more .
the fruit in that tree was just fruit , but they made it mean more .
the hawk returned later that day carrying two plump , juicy fruits .
` ` i do nt care for these fruits , '' said the serpent .
after much searching , the hawk found a fruit plant with large leaves like the serpent had requested .
iota x : \users\androidx > start eden.exe _ by anne carly abad android x incinerates the last of the fallen trees in the garden , iron roots , twigs , fruits and all , melt like red wax , while a guardian , a winged gnome flits past him , circles overhead in a drunken dance of battery - running - out into the glistening glob , he sweeps up its shattered remains , along with a scattering of aluminum leaves .
is she eating the fruit ?
she has eaten the fruit .
they can not exist in the presence of the word now that they have partaken of the forbidden fruit .
but most importantly , his duty was to ensure , above all else , that man never eat from the fruit of the tree .
tinalie was away picking fruit while gralius finished up his daily chores .
and then to further insult you , the voice assigns you to spend all of your time taking care of this garden , allowing adam to literally eat the fruits of your labor while he does nothing all day but gallivant around with that new love toy of his . ''
` ` she 's out picking fruit , '' gralius said .
and so my fruits grew upon my branches and hung there , never falling .
if you have ever once visualized the evil queen offering her apple to snow white , then you have seen not just the impact of my being on the cultural memories of the world but a sample of the sort of fruit that grew upon me : bipartite fruits , bi - colored and divided , in which good and evil pressed cheek to cheek but never the twain did meet .
if you have ever once visualized the evil queen offering her apple to snow white , then you have seen not just the impact of my being on the cultural memories of the world but a sample of the sort of fruit that grew upon me : bipartite fruits , bi - colored and divided , in which good and evil pressed cheek to cheek but never the twain did meet .
they were a heavy burden to bear , those twisted fruits , yet i bore them because i could .
despite what the story says , he had given those he created in his own image no injunctions not to eat of mine fruit .
and the birds , which he had created first , to eat of my kindred 's fruits and spread them , still did their work .
when she shook the branch with her footsteps , fruit fell and struck the ground and the head and shoulders of the man on the grass .
she leaped to join him , and they threw my fruits between them without knowing what they did , with no foreknowledge of the harm that they might bring to god 's green earth .
and so my fruit fell and lay on the grass or was tossed from hand to hand by eve and adam .
chance , that their throws grew wild and haphazard , until they tussled on the ground , laughing and tickling , squashing the fruit beneath them , until in their rolling it quite covered their naked flesh and lips and they tasted it and knew of desire and other things .
my burden was lifted from me , my branches denuded of their fruits .
must be fruit of some kind .
its good to see he s laying on fruit and fresh running water for this place .
probably a piece of fruit .
i reckon hell pick the apple and call it something like the no - no fruit .
is he going for the fruit ?
it 's true that she would not have thought of it in her own right , but it was a cleverness on our part to climb the forbidden tree when she was walking and tip the ripest fruit at an angle .
why could she not taste of any fruit that she desired ?
here there was no danger from falling fruit because the coconut palms were noticeably absent .
chapter 10 by the time min had arrived at polly and jims place , polly had prepared a fresh fruit salad of pineapple and papaya to cool them down .
it was several hundred metres to any sort of navigable road and not very long before they found some papaya trees with fruit they could reach .
lucky commented that he had his swiss army knife in his pack so they would be able to slice the fruit and dig out the seeds .
its gods fault - if he had nt made the fruit of the tree of knowledge a forbidden thing we might have been happy to live in eternal blissful ignorance .
the latter sprang up at the sight of the fruit and when he saw the army knife he hugged lucky .
dinah woke to see the three of them slicing the fruit and slurping it into their mouths .
then suddenly he said something to one of the boys who promptly and with astonishing agility , shinned up one of the nearby coconut palms where he knocked down four fruit which thudded almost at their feet .
perhaps its all that cold weather - you re curled up with a book while i m out in the sun plucking all that low- hanging fruit !
min said she still craved fruit and some nice cold water .
as she was taking her first delicate mouthful she was alerted to a disturbance in the artistic display of fruit and vegetables on the floor facing her .
on one side were some banana palms laden with green fruit and polly noticed an old plastic seat beside a contraption used for grating the coconut flesh into cream .
so they sat under the verandah outside the bar and while peter drank beer his young friend was content with fruit juice .
the food was a mlange of pollys mothers tortilla recipes and local fruit which they never tired of .
she cut herself some papaya , her favourite fruit which had come from eturasis tree .
he saw her shopping trolley beside her full of healthy fruit and vegetables .
one question he wrestled with was why in judeo - christianity was it such an original sin to want to eat the fruit of the tree of knowledge ?
with similar reflections scurrying around in his head he made his way through the outer market where the ground was littered with the detritus of fruit and vegetables .
there was a horrible crash against the roof of the house and she knew it was the papaya tree where the topmost fruit was annoyingly out of reach .
to his surprise a few market stalls were open so he and yvonne bought up as much fruit as they could without being greedy .
manna from heaven , she said as she kissed the prickly fruit .
robert reported everything to min that evening as they devoured a fruit salad of bananas pineapple and papaya .
several young children were filling baskets with fruit and they smiled gleefully at min as she approached .
fruit did nt drip off the trees and coconuts fall at their feet .
the sweetest fruit is the one that takes its time to ripen .
the children are stealing fruits from the garden .
thus , noticing fresh fruits in the woman 's bag , he made his claim , accosting him into this trouble .
the other half is seeing another enjoying the fruit .
forgive me if i curse you , brother , and fire bullets at the rain the unlikely thought of freedom the equipment is broken this place is a dump i want to make love but she wants to hump what do you say when fresh fruit turns rotten ?
just yesterday it was just the two of us o i need to let go of all my fears damned ego we need to open up to new life but do nt call it love no , do nt call it love so we walk down the street without looking back girl holding our hands wind at our backs we are making it as you take from your purse for our daughter two gloves but do nt call it love no , do nt call it love because its deeper than that its purer than that its stronger than that so tired of what all the liars have said no love song needed tonight tuck her in for the night now we have time just you and i just you and i so much more like just you and i with her by our side sure as sin i m not the man you think i am i m crazy and i m cruel i once did things by the book until i burned the golden rule and if god loves me i hope to hell i fall in love with him they say this stubbornness will kill me kill me , sure as sin so damn all this loneliness this loveless lack of faith i d sell my soul to anyone who d help me find my place though that is neither here nor there someday we all will win they say this vanity will kill me kill me , sure as sin so farewell all you good old boys good night my bad news girls i can not stay another night in this hotel called the world with no cure and no care nor friend nor foe nor kin they say this wanderlust will kill me kill me , sure as sin i know the look of the man in the mirror and i feel his icy touch if he s still alive tomorrow i wo nt love him half as much or ill miss him in a different sense as if he d never been born to play this poker game that will break me break me , sure as sin so dance with me my lovely girl since i knew you long ago before we were born to love or learn or hate or heal or know that everything upon this earth and all that s ever been will fall like fruit from an evil tree unbelievably sweet as sin then sing your song soft and low or sing it loud and hard you can not choose your death but you can hold these cards a joker and a jack three skulls and two redskins they say this blood - feud will kill us all kill us , sure a s sin but if not for this sorrow the heartache and the pain if it was nt for this sad song tell me what would remain ?
it was easy to imagine her preparing fruit bags on christmas day for all of her grandchildren , even the grownup ones .
they would have stared amazed at the birth of fruit flies on the screen if it was presented .
all this and even a lot more grew until nearly all of his body was full and lush , and he had more vegetables and herbs and fruits than he could ever imagine figuring out what to do with .
on the small round dining table that he placed next to the front window of his home , he kept a pair of gardening shears ; and , when his guests were over , he would give them some of the vegetables , herbs and fruits that had grown from him .
the actual fruit stinks , but this is my favorite iced drink in vietnam , said sofia .
chapter 10 ana took a sip of the chilled passion fruit juice and relished the sweet and sour nectar as it went down the back of her tongue .
a family with young children had in front of them a slab of wood , on top of which sat slices of fresh dragon fruits , mangoes , papayas , and watermelons .
ana finished sipping her passion fruit juice , and , instead of answering the question directly , said , what s everyone else doing ?
he pulled out some bread , fruit , and smoked sausages , as well as a large bottle of water .
they had a great picnic of vietnamese finger foods and fresh fruits , and then took turns kayaking in the crystal clear water .
there were fresh fruits , sandwiches , savory pastries , a jug of milk and a carton of juice .
ivan looked up and observed the coconut fruits hanging above him , contemplated leaving his post , but decided to stay put .
a waiter came by and she ordered a glass of passion fruit juice .
fruit and seed chapters 58 to 60 : genoa and mainz chapters 61 to 63 : a fathers arrival chapters 64 to 65 : gwendolen and deronda chapters 66 to 68 : a fathers departure chapters 69 to 70 : ending book i : the spoiled child chapter one was she beautiful or not beautiful ?
at dinner he would remark that the fruit was getting stale , and they must put in somewhere for more ; or , observing that she did not drink the wine , asked if she would like another kind better .
book viii : fruit and seed chapter fifty - eight length of time is a very imperfect measure of things ; a man may head an expedition that opens new continental pathways , and at the end of a few months come back to find his neighbours grumbling at the same parish grievance as before .
screaming out for the potential held in a tiny white bud , potential that will , if left alone , unfold according to a natural orderbud to flower , flower to leaf , leaf to fruit ( though the fruit of the bradford pear is tiny and inedible to humans , but much loved by robins !
screaming out for the potential held in a tiny white bud , potential that will , if left alone , unfold according to a natural orderbud to flower , flower to leaf , leaf to fruit ( though the fruit of the bradford pear is tiny and inedible to humans , but much loved by robins !
) , fruit to dormant twig .
and the food , prepared by saddams own palace chefs ( who , after being carefully screened by security , were kept by provisional command in a rare show of administrative wisdom amidst the transitional chaos ) , matched the dcorthe best fresh fruit and vegetables in limitless supply ( some of which i borrowed for bathing in my tubgot to love those mango shampoos and pomegranate facials , not to mention those cucumbers !
to my disappointment i saw the market had already begun to grow crowded women and servants picking through huge baskets of fruit , haggling over pieces of fabric with the merchants , yelling at loose children running through the open road .
when we finally both finished we d eaten all the fish , all the fruits , and left little of the bread .
since it would take me a while to prep and bake , perhaps i could bring back some small fruits then we could have something to eat in the meantime .
now i would have to journey back to the market in broad day again somehow discreetly , carry fruits as well as a heavy sack of grain alone , crush , mix , and bake it , which would take hours , all before her guest arrived and before i was free to go .
regrettably , going so late to the market would also mean the fruits and vegetables would be picked over .
arriving to the stand closest to our street , i was grateful to find a few good fruits still left though i hated to purchase anything from that particular seller , who had visited my mother infrequently over the past year ; being too expensive for most in our district to afford , he had visited her only sparingly .
he handed me my purchases with lingering delay , as if to ask who the fruit was for , or who my mother entertained that night .
ducking down an alley , i could only hope the few fruits i d bought would be enough to satisfy my mother before the evening .
dropping the fruits and vegetables and sack of grain , my hands rested momentarily on my hips as i fought to remain calm .
after wiping the fruits , i cut them with a knife and arranged them in a small bowl taking it to the front room to share with my mother .
in setting down the bowl i was surprised to see how quickly she ate though she disliked most fruits and vegetables of any nature , instead preferring bread and meats .
with the solemnity of a temple priestess , i surmised the state of the house the disorderly floor mats and cushions , a spilt platter of half eaten fruit and bread crusts , even a broke jar the last one we had .
setting my water jar carefully on one of his bins i handed him the last of our coins , taking little time to select a dry fish and two bruised looking pieces of fruit .
retreating once more to the kitchen , i stooped to collect my half of the dry fish and single piece of fruit from the platter .
i was grateful in tasting the sweetness of the fruit , despite it being bruised on the outside , and when i d finally tossed the bones of the fish off the roof and finished licking my fingers , i was pleasantly surprised to find myself full .
stooping hotly , i seized a small fruit from the platter i d made her , irritated beyond making any further attempt .
the moment i sank my teeth into the fruit , however , she let out a short gasp landing one of her feet directly on the tray of food as she stepped abruptly back .
furious over the spilt food , i moved in angered bewilderment to the window , dropping the fruit i held in coming face to face with ninharrissi one of my mothers longstanding lovers .
at closer inspection i saw this was not the only gift shed received a basket of expensive fruit sitting in another corner , as well as a new jar of perfume and several yards of fabric .
see there , she pointed , directing my gaze toward the bottle beside the fruit .
i ve had my fill of fruits and sweet things .
the fit was perfect , so he bought it and found a white fruit of the loom t - shirt , to make up for the one previously vandalized .
he walked sloppily as to destroy the pristine beauty of the snow on the edge of the sidewalk before him all the way to the gas station where that fruit worked .
he sat back in his stool and told james , fruit .
this machine , if i perfect it , will keep fruit fresh for months at a time- james nodded and stepped forward , you see , if i can get the electrical current slight enough , it mocks the fruits cycle on the plant where they do not ripen any further , heckerman looked down at a pile of brown mush in the corner , the thing is , if there is too much electrical current , they seem to cook and rot immediately .
this machine , if i perfect it , will keep fruit fresh for months at a time- james nodded and stepped forward , you see , if i can get the electrical current slight enough , it mocks the fruits cycle on the plant where they do not ripen any further , heckerman looked down at a pile of brown mush in the corner , the thing is , if there is too much electrical current , they seem to cook and rot immediately .
after he and mr . heckerman worked on the fruit preservation machine for a while , they put some tools away- and he saw it .
they must have been arguing about the fruit , because when it quieted down , sonny walked over with his hands behind his back .
he put the fruit on his tray , smiled at them , and walked back .
are you going to eat all that fruit ?
james knew better than to decline sonnys invitation to help , so he took the fruit and walked over to sonnys friends to give it back .
what happened to the days when he could play ; the days when the colours seemed so fresh and real , like fruit , and throughout his body was a warmth telling him he was always safe , and his eyes looked outwards , not inwards , and he d run around every corner just to see what was there , and he never questioned , just went from a to b to c from 1 to 2 to 3 ?
she lives out west and grows fruit in her orchards .
erik , or whatever his real name was , had picked her hopes and dreams like low - hanging fruit .
so , are you making money on your fruit trees ?
on the way out the door , gramma stuck some fruit bars in his backpack .
nik pulled out grammas fruit bars and gave one to izzy and cam .
beth had fought the pest several years ago and lost a seasons harvest of her finest fruit .
from a photo , regina would never be able to fully grasp that the glint in their eyes belonged to strangers who may have enjoyed being wrapped in warm sweaters , loved fruit and sunshine , were happy for the good fortune of friends , and had an unending stream of thoughts and feelings , just like everyone else .
well , i also have some milk and some fruit no coffee ?
what kind of fruit ?
regina brought the card , with its cornucopia of bright autumn fruit and nuts nestled over a cartoon picture of an unexploded , but lit , stick of dynamite , to him at the station .
dressed in a floor - length deep - purple sheath and matching shawl , earrings and necklace made of brightly - colored plastic fruit and a huge rhinestone pineapple pinned to her hair , orkid swept towards the ladies ' room with a wad of kleenex pressed to her eyes .
rumor has it a rumor at daycare that the first apple sterling vocalized referred not to a piece of fruit but rather to the centers mac .
like a piece of fruit , if handled properly he will inevitably mature .
he then waits outside the building for daryl , munching on his lunch : celery , carrots and some fruit .
here he lights incense and provides milk , water , and fruit oblations to his pantheon of gods .
it manifests itself in the form of thai peddlers as linked to their carts as if they were respirators , ivs , and umbilical cords , all three : those in front of fruit and meat grilling carts , souvenir salesmen catering to foreign tourists , those with a nexus to their makeshift restaurants ( some with already prepared fast food , and some catering more to the moslem diet and palate prepared by women in head scarves or hijabs ) , and those operating coffee kiosks and juice squeezing stands .
in surat thani , in the deep south , i remember at the age of four getting lost in mannequins in a department store ; out of a fear of being scolded , convincing my friend that we should wipe our muddy shoes on a neighbors doormat as that was what doormats were meant for , incurring the neighbor ladys wrath instead of that of our own respective families , or perhaps in addition to themi am really not sure ; playing alone in the street , nearly hit by a motorist screeching to a halt and the driver accosting my grandmother hurling his insults at her , which effected my banishment to her bedroom , crying on the white handmade blanket under the beds mantle with its radio playing the mellifluous sounds of traditional music , the legends of thai story and dance , which even now resonates in the same cognate sympathy and lugubriousness as it had back then ; my grandmother exercising to the instructions of a host to a television program ; the morning smells of fruit , coffee , and rice and curry ; my grandfathers yellow straw hat and gloves when going to the orchard , and my grandmother kissing him goodbye whenever he was about to go away ; hearing the inveigling music of the ice cream truck and running toward it with some coins my grandmother had given to me which i clutched tightly ; the smell of tar emanating from roads during the summer heat and of oil on telephone or electrical polesagain , i do not remember the specificity , but only those smells ; and the yellow bus that would take my cousin , donned in a raincoat to schoolshe who was also abandoned by her parents to their care , no doubt also due to the factors of poverty and desperation .
i hereby confess that the silly little phrase is all that remains of the abandoned opening of a novel about a disillusioned and delusional young man , the heir to a fruit processing plant in tucson , with a plot as disjointed and scattered as the spine of a long - dead rattlesnake , and i am still not certain if i envisioned the red - haired horse - faced young man who was doing the couching at his couch atop a guava crate and then couched against another guava crate one or if he was just on concrete and more importantly i did not know all of the other things that he felt , the meals and meetings of his life , after this uncomfortable couch in the warehouse , and better yet the way he might have leapt off the pages of the rest of this abandoned wreck of a novel that i never worked out , even in my mind , although i revisited it several times with the same sense of viewing a useless artifact .
vegetables , fruits , spices , herbal extracts , soy products , juices .
the breakfast they ate was an unusual mix of fish , slightly hot spices , and an odd and plentiful assortment of vegetables and fruits , a dish captain lampson called neptonian sea bassor the closest thing we can get to it here .
but this was quite deliciousa smooth , almost chocolate taste , just teasing her taste buds , combined with a hint of some mysterious fruit .
and , last at table , pomegranates , a fruit from persia which arrived from its deserts in carefully packed gift boxes ; gifts from the family at home .
he would hide in its branches chewing on its fruit .
bring us , from your gardens , fresh fruit and vegetables as are easy to prepare .
then came the long wait for the trees to bear fruit which they started to do on the third anniversary of planting .
that year was to see the first harvest of papain during which each ripe fruit would be scarified by razor blade attached to a long stick .
juices , the consistency of single cream , oozed out and coagulated on the fruit and were then scraped off with a long wooden spatula and allowed to drop into a canvas trap , the circumference of the average trees leaf cover , attached onto the trunk , halfway between crown and ground .
the juice of the pawpaw fruit contained papain which had to be solidified before export to the usa where it was used as a meat tenderizer .
solidification required a vast kiln into which the gum like extract from the fruit , scraped off the canvas traps onto metal trays , was dried to a near crystalline form and then packed into four gallon tins , the same as the tins in which paraffin was sold .
i took them into the office where the desk was piled with cookies , homemade bread , and baskets of fruit .
platters of pancakes , bacon , eggs , and fresh fruit adorned the table , which was elegantly set right down to the detail of two tapered candlesticks .
shed never been conditioned to any commercial alcohol , only the fruit wines , hard cider , and homebrew that her parents made .
but returning home night after night to find paulina presiding over the continuing deliveries of fruit baskets and chocolate roses and wine actually made her look forward to putting on her new teal dress and proving that she could be an adult about everything .
all those flowers , fruit baskets , chocolates , candles , even the orchid he d picked out for her on a whimevidently none of it meant anything to her .
he would have stooped to pick up the errant fruit except that lyssa stopped him .
broken fruit lay scattered around her feet .
if not for the food stores saved back from better times by the watermasters , plus the concerted efforts of hunters and those who went out into the wild lands to gather seeds and berries and cactus fruits , many in the village might have starved instead of merely going to bed hungry .
an ox passing by did a very good trade in the fruit he was selling , which judging from the messy way it splattered as it hit her was less than fresh and firm .
nobody was throwing anything at her now , but the face , arms and legs protruding through the stocks were covered in a mess of blood , vegetables and rotten fruit .
before tudor could challenge hubert , the hares returned to remove what was left of the main course and to replace it with a selection of cakes , fruit , biscuits and cheese .
it was clear that some disruption in the crowd was holding up the proceedings , in which fruit and flour was being thrown onto the platform .
the canal came to an end , and the road became impassable to all traffic as it crowded with market stalls selling fruit and vegetables , video tapes , counterfeit goods and clothes .
as we surfaced , we discovered ourselves in a magnificent garden of water - falls , springs , fruit trees and grass .
( like milk or cheese or fruit juice even , stale darkness will turn if you leave it long enough .
the words went : yes , we have no bananas , we have no bananas today we have stringbeans and onions , cabbages and scallions , all kinds of fruit , and say .
the marsh , rich in floral and faunal resources , contributed to the living of local people by providing firewood , pot - vegetables , herbs , fruits and small games .
monkeys at times feasted on the ripe fruits of the trees and naughty urchins derived great fun from riling the monkeys by throwing blobs of earth and snippets of twigs at them and the enraged monkeys used to return back the stuffs and chase the boys unleashing menacing clenched teeth .
children hollered around and collected fruits of futki , akchhatti and telekucha and nests of birds .
the flowers , fruits and wood required for the worship are collected by young men from the forest .
his books were full of beautiful pictures of humans , their houses , animals , birds , insects , fishes , frogs , fruits and flowers .
the grocery store still had fruit displayed out front .
open air fruit markets in london or paris were charming .
open air fruit markets in queens with circling flies and dirty , germ - ladened hands pawing the merchandise were disgusting .
years ago , when she had to buy the produce that was only in outside bins , she dug to the bottom to find the fruit that had been least contaminated .
she showered , ate her orange and cereal , and packed her yogurt , fruit , veggies , and crackers for lunch .
after chatting with them , abra leisurely inspected the table of hors doeuvres overflowing with pate , crab dip , fruits , veggies , and cheeses .
a bowl of faded plastic fruit sat on a plastic tablecloth on the dining room table .
on a cargo plane loaded with canned fruits and vegetables , benny labean flew the circuitous route to northern india .
i ' ve hopped trains , been a fruit tramp .
green bulbous fruit hung high up like christmas decorations .
frances , wanting to impress with her helpfulness , climbed up on the landrover roof and threw the fruit down to waiting hands .
frances again could see only mulga but the group was pulling at the trees and filling plastic bags with elongated green fruit .
they disappeared into the darkness carrying their fruit and medicine fronds without saying goodnight or thanking her , but by now she knew that was their way .
iliff was careful to linger over the plants she chose , tasting their fruits and shoots .
the berries disappeared first , then the fruits , followed soon by the leaves and shoots .
the choices are limited , the lines are short , the bottles say there is 10 percent fruit juice .
i buy a full bottle with 10 percent fruit juice .
i only drink 100 percent fruit juice now .
there was fake fruit in it , like it might be at an old person 's house .
except this fruit was about four feet tall and three feet wide each .
have you eaten already of the forbidden fruit ?
you re like brand new , something unused , like fruit on the vine , or like pure gold , something man has not sullied yet .
later in the afternoon , there was tennis , during which we annoyed the adults by climbing into the crabapple trees around the court and throwing the hard , sour fruits into the middle of the game .
if you want to go ask the atco i m sure he will let you see the menu which consists of 12 selected entrees with various fruits and meats as appetizers and deserts .
it was the main meal of the day , soup or salad followed by a main course and desert or fruit .
they sat at the side of the bed , some fruit placed between them from everyone at school .
they gave that in the clue , but you are right about the s. hang on four down : fruit mixed with oil for victory in europe .
orange or fruit punch ?
this high - fiber , low - fat lifestyle endured about six months until walter reverted back to eating bagels and cream cheese , instead of fruit and granola .
pulling into the drive he gathered up the presents , champagne , and fruit basket , and was greeted by lily opening the front door even before he knocked .
the sidewalk was slick and blackened with rotten fruit peels and bits of old vegetables .
it stood out with its array of vegetables and fruit to either side of the doorway .
the colours of the fruit and the fresh greens of the vegetable stand , were like splashes of paint wildly thrown onto an already colour- saturated canvas .
i fumbled with a plastic bag and took out some bread and fruit .
i chewed slowly , wanting the sensation to remain , but the sticky sweetness of the jam was not the fresh tartness of the almost wild strawberry fruit .
the residents were scattered around the room , sipping fruit punch and struggling with cookies , few of them really able to eat casually like this without someone lending a hand .
the personal trainers strict health and fitness routine was bearing strong fruit .
we passed a few small homes set amidst banana plants and other fruit trees .
the choir members came over about that time and we had fruit punch and cookies .
that morning jean had been to the fruit and vegetable stand on the other side of highway 49 , returning with corn on the cob , broccoli and santa maria strawberries .
though unknown to her at the time , she started with sauvignon blanc followed with semillon and two zinfandels , sampling the wines with a cheese , fruit or cracker recommended by the winemaker .
the waitress arrived with two large plates - a denver omelet with fruit bowl for moffat , scrambled eggs with bacon and hash browns for de la pea - and a small plate with a half sandwich of tuna salad for donna .
moffat and de la pea went to the counter and returned with a tray bearing plates of small sandwiches , cookies and miniature fruit tarts , four cups of tea , a small carton of milk and several sugar packets .
in the center of the round table , next to a thermos pitcher of coffee , allison placed a crystal bowl of colorful sliced fresh fruit .
janet was ruefully aware that her misgivings could be clouded by emotions akin to the two - toned fruit of the bittersweet vine around her .
it does nt actually bear fruit that often .
because of the length of our bike ride we had n't eaten dinner , just grabbed some fruit from a bowl in the hotel lobby .
when he got up the next morning , coffee was ready in the kitchen and croissants and fruit were on the counter .
the actual make - up was fine , with a good balance between meat and vegetables , with fruit as a second course .
he took the small bag of fruit to leave her hands free to light another cigarette from a fresh pack .
its withering fruit flooded the night air with a citrusy perfume and its inch - long thorns offered the unwary a painful reminder that some trees are for looking , not touching .
i opened the fridge and was greeted by the usual items : low fat yogurt , skim milk , bottles of water , fresh fruit and vegetables , diet coke ; everything a young and health conscious couple could want .
i looked back at everything else and saw it all to be the same way , labels facing out , vegetables and fruit separated and laid out in the crispers to maximize space and keep the food from being crushed by other items .
to drink , given that we were working and unable to enjoy any adult beverages , we each had a bubble teaa mix of fruit and tea with tapioca beads at the bottom .
the lined the contents up on the counter ; salad fixings to the far left , the items that could sometimes be used in salads , then vegetables , and at last fruits .
si , he is using it to carry fruits north and frozen chicken south .
i stopped at the store for fruit and munchies to get me through the night .
she also had a fruit salad and rolls .
i walked several minutes in a northern direction to a rather posh hotel , walked confidently through the lobby to their caf , and had a decidedly american style breakfast of toasted bagel and fruit , coffee and water .
after dinner , i had my regular routine- watching television with a plate of fruits with winnie .
i have just prepared the fruits .
he quickly entered the alley and was immediately assailed by the stench of rotten meat and fruit .
fruit salad .
jake opened the refrigerator again and located the fruit salad .
there was something about california that drew people in , whether a combination of sunshine , year - round mild temperatures , fresh fruit , movie stars , and wineries , or just a special magic god imbued it with when he said , ` ` and let there be california . ''
i finished the fruit and buried the peel beneath the loose dirt in the rose beds , then stood up and stretched .
the rows of vines along each side of our path grew thick and lush with grape leaves , which charlie told me was a good thing , for the vines ' sucrose would be translocated in low concentration from leaf to fruit during ripening .
and fresh fruit ?
preserving the fruits of your garden was equally in vogue right now .
tomato is a fruit .
he asked her to bring him the yogurt and fruit that he took each afternoon at that time , as specified by his longevity program .
she opened the package ; it contained an assortment of nuts and dried fruits .
she took a piece of fruit from the box and put it in her mouth .
she drank the juice and coffee and picked at the fruit but her stomach turned over at the sight of the sugary pastries .
in addition to the seafood another tray with an array of fruit , and the most mouthwatering deserts in russia sat next to the first one .
her eyes moved to the silver trays filled with seafood , fruit , and desserts .
to me , the most important thing was the tangerine plantation those fruits eased my indisposition .
rich groves of palm trees waved in the breeze all over the plain ; and so expert were the food - growers that from the fruit of the palm they got ` ` bread , wine , and honey . ''
the rittenhauses greeted them with coffee , fruit and muffins .
when emily came out of the bedroom , bev offered her some fruit and granola .
there is fruit and danish on the counter .
remember that time you swiped that bag of apples off the fruit stand and the guy chased you for six blocks .
if i remember right , you and joey moved his fruit stand around the street corner while he was chasing me .
coffee and fruit topped with strawberry yogurt were on the table .
for three months diego lived on fish and rainwater , plus some fruit and vegetables the fishermen occasionally brought .
unfortunately , there was nt any fruit .
a vegetable garden beside the house gave way to a stand of banana trees , the bunches of fruit bowing them over .
ginger thomas flowers and grape - sized gnip fruits .
it was a surreal orchard , its orphaned fruit unpicked , the air heavy and still , bees and insects the only thing stirring besides our band of turistas .
as i scooped fruit into my mouth , i took stock of my trip so far .
the produce section displayed mostly exotic fruits and vegetables that i did nt know how to cook , and the items that were familiar to me were scarce , limp , and close to rotting .
we walked back to the house through a stand of tamarind trees with thick trunks tangled with passion fruit vines .
rashidi had told us on our tour that the tennis - ball - sized passion fruits were pulpy and seedy , and had to be boiled and strained before you could eat them .
the peacock flower had served sweetened passion fruit juice , and it was delicious .
ava pounded a mango against the table with its skin on to soften the fruit inside .
when she had it pulped to her liking , she tore a hole in one end and sucked out the liquefied fruit .
i grabbed another mango , washed it and my hands , peeled and cored the fruit , then sliced it into hunks .
i pulled a plate decorated with a spray of peonies from a mismatched set in avas whitewashed cabinets and slid the slippery pieces of fruit onto it , then brought it back to emily .
she gazed at the view across the valley of mango trees and up the manjack - covered hill to queen annalise at the summit , surrounded by her royal court of fruit trees .
he and emily enjoyed the high life together while i zoned out to american idol and my preferred peacock flower dinner of fruit and rum punch .
a cluster of cashew trees peeked over the edge of the slope , its fruit red and ripe .
open - faced roast beef sandwich , gravy , and mashed potatoesgravy on bothand the fruit cup .
years later someone will find our skeletons , our bony hands clutching at a temptingly lifelike bowl of fruit in the meissen porcelain section . ''
the kitchen smelled of overripe fruit .
its a good thing i brought some fruit along for later , she thought watching jim first hesitate , then reach for the other sandwich .
he was glad joe had packed him some fruit .
my father called grapples sin foodtwo fruits that came together immorally when god did nt intend them to .
justice suffered from red - green color deficiency , and in light of her color - blindness , had a tendency to dress like fruit .
i threw my hand over my chest , gasping , no more fruit ?
you re off fruit altogether .
until i say you can have fruit again .
lunch was a grilled chicken sandwich and mixed fruit in some sort of red gelatinous mold .
plates of ham and cheese , eggs , bread and a kind of sponge cake arrived on one , while cereals , yoghurt , fruit and fruit juice and preserves came on the second .
plates of ham and cheese , eggs , bread and a kind of sponge cake arrived on one , while cereals , yoghurt , fruit and fruit juice and preserves came on the second .
unfortunately , my test kit is also reacting with pepsi , dr . pepper , 7 - up and a whole host of other soft drinks anything , in fact , that contains carbonated water , like sparkling water , lemonade , fruit juices , and champagne , to name just a few and its resulting in false positives at about the same proportion as the market share for each drink .
i am fully aware that an apple is n't just a fruit and that windows are n't just for looking through .
the coffee cake and fruit looked like a feast for caesar .
they could also eat the fruit from the trees .
the fruit that the thicket once produced would quickly vanish , trampled to powder under their massive feet .
a fruit kabob and some shrimp cocktail rounded out the rest of my plate .
i took a piece of macadamia feast coffee cake and some fresh fruit and placed the plate on a table by the windows overlooking the ocean and courtyard .
i set my plate full of dainty sandwiches , fresh fruit and small squares of tasty cheeses on the table .
while i waited for that to happen i consumed the rest of the sandwiches , cheese and fruit .
dessert consisted of delicious fruit tarts and small slices of mud pie , a concoction of chocolate and fudge swirled together , and topped with whipped cream .
early the next morning we enjoyed a delicious breakfast of fresh fruit , warm bread , scrumptious jam on warm scones , and fresh - squeezed orange juice .
at the dinner table , neatly arranged with a starched white tablecloth and pleasant , brightly coloured fruits arranged in large , delicious bouquets , amelia sat beside me , while the false count sat opposite her .
in addition to the rolls , she was serving a veggie tray , cold cut platter , broccoli and raisin salad , cinnamon rolls which were baking in the other oven , fruit platter , cheese plate , baguette and brie , fresh hot coffee , and unsweetened ice tea .
when she had made her way around with the fruit and veggie tray , she exited .
lots of veggies and fruit and yogurt for lots of money ?
he smelled like citrus fruit and musk .
there s some fruit cake left in that tin my mother sent at christmas .
marjorie agreed meekly to another cup of tea and perhaps a little taste of fruit cake .
i had nt experienced her cooking before : she had managed to avoid providing food for me up to now , apart from her mothers fruit cake , which seemed to be designed to keep out the cold during those long highland winters .
only merican cheese today , no fruit salad , some lime jell - o for you instead , okay ?
nick caught another whiff of floral and fruit and thought it might be her shampoo .
every dollar from each criminally overpriced bottle of wine you purchase at the silent auction stays in this town and is directly applied to health care and literacy programs for the farm workers who make this little corner of the garden of eden bloom and bear fruit , year after year .
i could n't stop smiling as i prepared pancakes and cut up fruit .
he drenched his fruit pancakes in syrup .
we bought granola bars , fruit snacks , licorice , pretzels , gum , bottled water , and some magazines .
she took a bite of something that included bean sprouts , raisins , and an unidentifiable fruit .
this was a special occasion and she bought a couple of slices of the highly calorific kiwi and passion fruit cheesecake sablon and she adored .
dinner was impressive : caviar d'aubergines , daurade cuite sur litire and gele d'amande aux fruits frais , served by the estate chef .
his mother viewed it now as a symbol : she 'd seen two years full fruit , how many more would she witness from what her dear departed had planted ?
and now a nearby overgrown mimosa was threatening its continuing blossom and fruit , and she was too weak to cut it back .
he stayed only for a quick beer and a play on their fruit machine , then went on to the bar fontainouille near taragnon .
bringing him fruit .
have some juicy fruit .
just sandwiches and fruit , delilah replied pulling four sandwiches out of her bag .
the laws had allowed the making and consumption of wine under the disguise of it being non - intoxicating fruit juice .
the environment can have an impact , but its not really likely that the cancer only happened because your mother did nt eat organic fruits and vegetables .
and to answer your question on organics , there are some things i do in the garden to keep the fruits and veggies healthier to eat .
can i pick some and make a fruit smoothie ?
by the time i brought out the fruit salad and raspberry sherbet , the homicide investigator was rather quiet .
i finally convinced her to let me get her a fruit smoothie on a food run .
if there s a shell that is shed , if the fruit inside is protected , you do nt ingest pesticides or insecticides , the grandmother explained to her curious granddaughter .
i often cook with the zest of these fruits , so we do nt like to spray them with harsh chemicals .
you ca nt spray the blossoms or you risk losing the whole crop of citrus fruit .
i lay back in the shade of a fruit tree with my hands clasped behind my head and thought about growing the round roots .
i looked at the blueness of the sky through the leaves of the tree and thought that , if this tree was watered in dry weather , it might thrive better and we might get more fruit from it .
our group of houses is built into a very steep hillside by a small lake where chirrimoyas thrive and i love the fruit of the chirrimoya tree .
i have one request : among all the fruit and raw veggies and all the healthy crap i know you 'll buy , can we get some regular potato chips , not those crappy baked ones ?
bev and emily spent the day at the state park beach on bahia honda , where they ate fruit , veggies and dip and chicken wraps with potato chips for lunch .
she laughed , even an airport ca n't screw up yogurt and fruit , but they do charge an arm and a leg for it .
i put some juice and fruit in your room if you need something to tide you over until breakfast .
hawks loaded up his plate with plantains and fruit .
i still have fruit in my room .
nothing too heavy because it 's late , but plenty of fruit and bread and cheeses .
carol poured coffee for bev and bev took some fruit for her breakfast .
i told him that i was running late and had to go , pushing the plate of fruit around on her plate with her fork .
he looked up from his fruit salad .
even now i could almost reach out and touch the fruit , it was so fragrant and alive .
bring that fruit platter as well .
there are bowls of fruit and pitchers of ale .
the fruit and vegetable selection was meager at best , and the hub of the store seemed to revolve around the enormous meat section .
he said i remind him of those old masters paintings , where the naked women are always portrayed as pleasingly plump , and they re holding fruit .
pleasingly plump and holding fruit was not how i wanted to look .
memories of being fit and thin were too recent , and i wanted to be pleasingly thin and eating fruit .
i knew the fruit would be soaked with alcohol .
i used to cringe with fear when she would send me down to get canned tomatoes from the fruit cellar .
salvatore found that out when they passed the fruit and vegetable market and both trucks and swimming pools rapidly filled with rotten tomatoes .
i had cranberries , chopped apples , lemons and blueberries for fresh fruits .
when i looked in the refrigerator , i realized that the fresh fruit supply had dwindled and i had nt placed an order with everything .
i have some dehydrated fruits and granola .
i guess that keeps him off my fruit of the month gift list .
soon they sat down to a spread of fresh rolls , assorted salads , marinated cold roast beef , fresh fruit and everyones own choice of wine served in the finest plastic stemware .
sometimes they planned elaborate breakfastseggs , sausage , pancakes , all cooked over the fire , or a favorite : ` ` smashed potatoes , '' with sausage gravy , accompanied by juice or fresh fruit .
jane ann had cut up more fruit and everyone helped themselves to a second breakfast .
lunch was light since they had been snacking on muffins and fruit all morning .
they can be used to grill sandwiches or make ' pies ' consisting of two pieces of bread with a fruit filling over an open fire .
the heat and light from the sun ripened the fruit and all was well .
the fruitful trees bared decayed and rotted fruit and the gardens had withered and died .
i need some fresh fruits and vegetables . ''
he s always gone for the low - hanging fruit .
he was the easiest man to seduce , he loved the low - hanging fruit and the women who wanted to please him .
i had a quick breakfast at the buffet , skipping the eggs and hash browns and getting my morning serving of fruits from an apricot danish and a blueberry muffin .
even when you re at your most vulnerable ; remember that winning needs time and that you should nt give up your pursuit for victory , because as they say , patience is bitter but its fruit is sweet .
a long table against the wall held trays of fresh fruit and hot foods .
some toted water for baths ; others carried trays of fruit and bottles of wine .
a bowl of polished wax fruit decorated the tabletop , along with a pair of whimsical campbells soup salt and pepper shakers .
fruit and pecan trees that had begun as hopeful saplings now smothered the landscape , closing in perilously on the house .
ask hooney to set out the blue and white china and bring in some of the spring fruits .
my thoughtful landlady had prepared us praline - pecan french toast with fresh fruit and sausage patties .
their heads will roll as they hang from the sacred tree like rotten fruit , ready to have eyes plucked from their skulls by the savage vultures of hell .
there s a lot of talk about how perfectly ripe the fruit is .
they re putting out new blossoms , not realizing there wo nt be time for the fruit to ripen .
even now they were creating green fruits for me .
waiters walked around carrying trays of fine wine and fresh fruits .
salads of every kind were on the huge dining room table : chinese cabbage , potato salad , tossed salad and fruit salad .
that was the plan : people were invited to help themselves , pick the fruit and veg , take it home and use it .
many food banks had deals with their local supermarkets and were given items that had reached their ' sell by ' date , or things like fresh fruit and veg , that might have been dumped anyway .
an older man , but skinny , thin as a rake , with curls for hair and a face as lined as rotten fruit .
they bought fish , meat , vegetables , and fruit from central markets and sold them throughout the city , crying out their wares of hot eels , fried fish , pickled whelks , baked potatoes cough drops , cat food , ginger beer , and a hundred other specialties .
he pictured bright colors , endless sunshine , heat , and happy natives with wheelbarrows of fresh fruit by his door , then he sighed .
the shelves were full of nuts , fruits , and sweets , but in his dream , mcfergus discovered he had not a farthing in his pockets .
another good example is the story of dilmun or the garden of eden where dilmun is a pure , clean , bright non - party place with neither sickness or death with an abundance of fruit trees and gardens .
when eve ate the forbidden fruit in the garden of eden they were expelled .
it was thick with fruit and sumptuous .
i also have some fruit , if you would prefer that , she said wryly , as she waved her hand toward the five baskets of fruit sitting on top of the white marble countertops .
i also have some fruit , if you would prefer that , she said wryly , as she waved her hand toward the five baskets of fruit sitting on top of the white marble countertops .
i just have a bottle of wine and a couple of pieces of fruit left .
gl is invaluable when it comes to hiring extra local staff at short notice and she has first - class connections in the meat , fish , fruit and vegetable lines .
pierre took malicious pleasure in serving him green salad dressed with vinegar , ryebread , and a fruit for dessert . '
the house is surrounded by beautiful profitable white cotton plants , a grove of sour oranges by mouth but yummy in salads , a peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables .
the vegetables and fruits lay in front of the school blooming at this very moment in the fertile bama soil , since the food and fields benefit the school and the students .
the grounds are both elegant to the eyes with beautiful arrays of flowers from blue azaleas to yellow roses and to the tongue with tons of hardy fresh - grown fruits , vegetables , and tree nuts standing tall like earth - princesses in the red clay soil .
she searches the low pocket of lighted grass , the dark wild flowers , the tall shadowy tress , and short dark fruit bushes for hudson , seeing the grazing horse .
pearl looked grace up and down and then added , i think there s some fruit in the bowl downstairs .
after they wound down a little , and started picking at their food ( bev never saw a fork actually get to either of their mouths : they apparently maintained their scrawny figures with a diet that seemed to consist almost completely of morsels of fruit in the daytime and copious amounts of wine in the evening ) , emily leaned forward and asked , is that what you want , mom ?
all gram has here is fruit and yogurt .
the motel owner stopped by with a basket of toiletries for the bathroom , along with some fruit and candies .
it 's a matter of first gathering the fruit the gossip and titbits , then sorting the pips from the pap and what remains is pure juice the truth , rich , ripe and damning . '
' what happens when the fruit has already been squeezed dry , sir ? '
ethel had placed a jug of orange juice , a plate of biscuits and crackers , and a bowl of dried fruits on the coffee table .
he unwrapped a stick of juicy fruit gum and rolled it into his mouth .
this place had vegetables , fruit and in a back corner i could even see a bee hive nestled against a fence which seemed to back on to a national park .
in it there were boxes of organic fruit and vegetables and bottles of juice .
` ` we are currently releasing an organic fruit and vegetable detox cleansing diet .
@ averagegeek99 : a raisin haterthats fruit discrimination .
@ art4ever : its dried fruit discrimination .
juicy fruit .
while he was telling it again i wandered off , hunting for juicy fruit gum .
cora maes juicy fruit lost the contest .
we had pork chops , parsley boiled potatoes , canned beans from marys garden , and for dessert we had jell - o with little pieces of fruit in it .
he playfully hung upside down by one foot and held a fruit tree branch in the other .
edie surveyed the buffet table and settled on a plate of fresh fruit and a blueberry scone .
they cooked up a chili meal from one of the commercial packets , supplemented with dried fruits .
i swallowed a fruit bar , because the pills make one 's stomach feel a bit nauseated .
we ate cold breakfasts , mostly fruit and granola , without talking about anything of consequence .
concentrated fruit juices and fruit pulp , dried blueberries , and even dried beans , tomatoes , and broccoli .
concentrated fruit juices and fruit pulp , dried blueberries , and even dried beans , tomatoes , and broccoli .
like fruit , yogurt , and a piece of dry toast .
the pamphlet said you could have light snacks and it listed examples of snacks , like almonds , or fruit , popcorn , like that .
my hand felt only empty space for what seemed like an eternity and then something , yes , a nice sized fruit brushed my fingers .
he separated a section of fruit and popped it in his mouth and nodded his head .
and that only consisted of putting bowls and a box of fruit loops out on the table .
and with one quick swipe , the tape is ripped from the girls mouth , leaving a red mark on her top lip like a fruit punch mustache .
but all she said was well see , i answered sticking a piece of the sour fruit into my mouth .
we moved up the line past salads and wrapped sandwiches , past the fruits and gelatins , farther still past puddings and cookies until we came to the iced tea .
i , on the other hand , was about to turn my fruit of the looms into stinkfest 82 .
demey returned with a tray laden down with breakfast : fresh fruit , eggs benedict , and freshly baked apple turnovers .
her basket fell from her arm , and fruit and paper parcels skittered across the wet cobbles .
the fruit in it was rotten , as if she 'd carried it with her for days .
i threw away the fruit and unwrapped the parcels .
i walked back to the yard , where james waited with a pitcher of passion fruit margaritas .
most people would have stopped there , or a little before , but falkner turned the fruit in her hand , inspecting it for lingering shreds of pith and for veins , picking each one off and adding it to a tidy pile on her napkin until the naked fruit rested on her palm , a translucent , unblemished segmented sphere .
most people would have stopped there , or a little before , but falkner turned the fruit in her hand , inspecting it for lingering shreds of pith and for veins , picking each one off and adding it to a tidy pile on her napkin until the naked fruit rested on her palm , a translucent , unblemished segmented sphere .
she was concentrating on the care with which falkner pulled each segment away from the rest and cleaned the thin white veins between them , piling the pieces of fruit tidily .
the doorway led into the kitchen , and jack nonchalantly picked up an apple from the bowl of fruit on the table , tossed it in the air , then took a huge bite on his way into the garden room .
it was nt forbidden fruit , it was real fear , and they just kept turning away from it whenever it came up .
all you had to do was put a piece of fruit inside a hole about the size of the piece of fruit .
all you had to do was put a piece of fruit inside a hole about the size of the piece of fruit .
then you just walk up and put a leash on the monkey because he is too stupid to let go of the fruit and therefore his hand is trapped .
a bowl of fruit on the kitchen table .
mankind crossbred three grasses and got a supergrass with fruit that fed him .
they were delicious , plump , nicely toasted , bursting with fruit and slathered in butter .
her breakfast arrived and she settled down to enjoy the coffee and belgium waffles with fresh fruit .
we finished it with a flourish , decorating it generously with fruits and nuts .
the shop around the corner from maggies apartment was a harmonious hodgepodge of sewing notions , eyecups and prophylactics , with creaking wooden display bins filled with fruits and vegetables .
the place smelled of ivory soap and soft fruit .
she does nt have to wake up to your gday , mates and listen to the price of kiwi fruit as it rises and falls in the world market .
it all just seems so sudden to me , maggie said , taking a pear from the basket of fruit on the table .
elspeth pushed her fruit plate away and stared at him .
you mean the one about kiwi fruit causing cancer ?
darla will explain auntie maggies sense of humor to haley and i m sure well get her to eat fruit again .
even if the skin is thin , it helps if you peel it , i said , taking the fruit from him .
large pines protruded from the top of every ridge , below them were aspen trees , almost level with them were groves of fruit trees .
` ` i 'll make up a basket of fruit .
as june passed into july , the mountains grew greener , fresh fruit from the orchards , started to appear , daily on the tables .
but i wo nt mind if she gives me a slice of her rich fruit cake to go with it .
she invited them both to her flat , and offered them some of her home - made fruit cake .
cheeses , crusty bread , fruits , and tiny sandwiches .
god commanded that man could eat of all the fruit in the garden with the exception of the tree of knowledge of good and evil .
and the woman said unto the serpent , we may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden ; but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden , god hath said , ye shall not eat of it , neither shall ye touch it , lest ye die .
and the woman said unto the serpent , we may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden ; but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden , god hath said , ye shall not eat of it , neither shall ye touch it , lest ye die .
and when the woman saw that the tree was good for food , and that it was pleasant to the eyes , and a tree to be desired to make one wise , she took of the fruit thereof , and did eat , and gave also unto her husband with her ; and he did eat .
if a person was to find the clue to where the tree was and he was to eat of the fruit , he could become immortal .
he was an appendage , a stick to help the monkey reach the banana and perhaps to be discarded when the fruit was in the monkey 's paw .
he had always been a rover , a lumberjack , a ski instructor , a fruit picker .
i will have a double rusty nail , half the fruit juice and heavy on the southern comfort .
but the woods rolled by relentlessly , similar in features , and the clouds , although discharged of all expressible juice the night preceding , billowed along like so many identical fruits in a supermarket display .
if it seems to you that the fruits of your labours tumble as windfalls into the laps of your undeserving supervisors , bear in mind that they also may bear a disproportionate share of bad fruit or broken limbs if your efforts turn out to be rotten through errors or artefacts .
if it seems to you that the fruits of your labours tumble as windfalls into the laps of your undeserving supervisors , bear in mind that they also may bear a disproportionate share of bad fruit or broken limbs if your efforts turn out to be rotten through errors or artefacts .
the attraction of forbidden fruit perhaps ? ''
plus , whenever she baked , she always made a fruit pie .
that meant a fruit pie was waiting for him somewhere in the kitchen .
there were red and black fruit on the hawthorn bushes and , here and there in the soil , tiny new green shoots which looked like wild crocuses , and which offered a greater reason to be optimistic about the continuum of existence than the lifeless bundles of cut blooms that decorated the occasional monument .
oh , okay , rob continued reading , it has rich fruit aromas combined with a well - balanced , elegant structure and a long finish , and is delicious served to accompany roast meats and cheeses .
though the kid was a fruit cake , he was sagacious .
the table was set with a linen tablecloth , there was a plate of fresh fruit on the table , a platter of crepes , a bowl of scrambled eggs , a basket with a stack of fresh croissants , a bowl with large strawberries and champagne flutes .
can you get me a bran cereal with a banana or some other type of fruit ?
then yesterday at breakfast you ordered bran cereal with fruit .
and with that ian was gone , past the pool table , the flashing fruit machine and through the double doors , only pausing to let two men in first , dressed in builders work wear in need of their first and most definitely not their last pint of the night .
due to ians distinctly high fat , high sugar , barely no fruit or vegetables diet , coupled with a likeness for jogging similar to a jewish persons liking of a pork sausage , he had developed a beer belly and the sort of physique which had him struggling to do such rugged activities as climbing the stairs , mowing the grass or washing the car .
it had a number of bungalows spread liberally across the island , where they also grew their fruit and vegetables and tried to be as organic and kind to the world as possible .
meanwhile , the drinks were being ordered and served to the tables : pina colada , itch witch , sailors grog , purple whirligig ( double rum and crme soda with a purple pinwheel ) ; all kinds of fruit daiquiris with garnishes of cherries and limes next to umbrellas , fancy straws and glittering swizzle sticks .
when you are alone , cross the street without going to the overlook , and stand behind the abandoned fruit stand , the feminine voice ordered from the cell phone that he had answered .
he built stables and tennis courts , a dock for his yacht , put in ponds and green houses , planted formal gardens along with vineyards and fruit trees .
` ` they will be like fruit for the picking . ''
charlie read it as saying : o white devil , you do not want to purloin that purple fruit , for i have four thousand years of ancestors and civilization on you ; my grandparents built the railroads and dug the silver mines , and my parents survived the earthquake , the fire , and a society that outlawed even being chinese ; i am mother to a dozen , grandmother to a hundred , and great - grandmother to a legion ; i have birthed babies and washed the dead ; i am history and suffering and wisdom ; i am a buddha and a dragon ; so get your fucking hand off my eggplant before you lose it .
made off with fruit ? ''
he watched the governor 's hand twitch and hover indecisively over the fruit bowl .
this turned out to be a mixture of fruit juices and wine , tart but refreshing .
loud screams came from the garden below , and grey glanced out , to see a flock of small , brightly coloured parrots swooping in and out of a big , lacy tree with yellowish fruit .
cherry strongly resembled that eponymous fruit , but , being younger and more slender than fettes , had more breath than his superior .
here and there he found trees of the sort he had seen at twelvetrees , festooned with small yellowish fruits .
if the parrots ate them , he reasoned , the fruits must be at least minimally comestible .
it was very raw rum , with a strange taste , sweetly acrid , rather like the taste of fruit ripened to the edge of rot .
chapter twelve she tasted as succulent as a forbidden fruit .
it is worse than the fruits from a poisonous tree .
i trailed into the kitchen to make a fruit salad and checked my calendar .
i chopped fruit with vigor , left the kitchen in a mess , and yelled to martin out the back door to let him know where i was going .
shelby 's room was pleasantly cluttered with offerings from the men he worked with ; paperbacks , sports magazines , a basket of fruit , and some get - well cards jostled each other for space on the broad windowsill .
she took a bottle of seltzer water and mixed in a little of her son 's fruit punch twister .
she found one of the guards and showed him her bag of fruit and asked if she could give it to the apes .
but still , michael found himself making the occasional gay joke , referring to someone effeminate as ` ` that big fag , '' keeping away from someone who was a ` ` blatant fruit . ''
i put a bowl of fruit between our places , got out the whole - wheat bread and a cutting board for the reheated meat loaf .
i figured i could stop by my house and grab a piece of fruit on my way to the winthrops ' .
as i was assembling cheese , crackers , and fruit for a quick lunch in my own - thank god , spotless and silent - kitchen , the doorbell rang .
we did have coffee and a piece of fruit together , and a casual sort of conversation ; but maybe because i was being in some sense deceptive , the warmth i 'd hoped to feel did n't come .
i had no appetite for lunch , so after eating a piece of fruit at home i decided to go make a necessary purchase , one i 'd been putting off for a few days .
i used birds and fruit for that one , and the warm , hushed colors and carefully concealed lights made the tree a little more peaceful than some of the others i saw around town .
i ate a bowl of leftover fruit salad , all that i could find in the refrigerator since everyone else in the house was going to the supper .
since i did n't have a bird feeder or fruit bushes , i happened to like squirrels .
i ran in my house to grab some fruit to eat in the car on the way to my next job .
however , bobo came by to bring me a fruit basket he said was from his mother .
changing back into my working clothes , hanging my good outfit in the closet , and grabbing a piece of fruit for lunch , i was restless from the dark feeling inside me .
` ` fruit juice or water , '' she said .
she moved to the keys , one of the few american hotels on grand anse , and stayed for seven weeks , doing little more than walking on the beach and eating the local fruit , called chin - ups , which reminded her of sour swedish gooseberries - she found them delightful .
to salander 's great surprise the citrus fruit had taken one look at her , laughed out loud , kissed her without embarrassment , and said you 're the one i want .
the table with the wells paraphernalia was swarmed now like rotting fruit with buzzing flies .
he especially loved the sweetblinys the chef prepared with powdered sugar and a fresh fruit topping .
about ten people were intently watching the gorillas feeding on a huge pile of fruit in the middle of the habitat .
the bundle landed hard near a pile of fruit .
like the cops should comb through his cheap - ass , blurry - crap tapes to find mr . fruit stealer . ''
there was a crystal bowl with crystal fruit in there that cost a fortune . ''
i took by a chicken casserole this morning , franklin farrell said he was going to take a fruit salad of some kind , and mark russell from russell and dietrich says his wife is making a broccoli casserole .
after i cleaned up and ate my lunch -- granola and yogurt and fruit -- the pie was ready to go to donnie greenhouse 's .
` ` i brought a fruit salad with jezebel sauce , '' he said , to change the subject .
` ` some fruit blends , some products containing coffee , some fertilizer . ''
both watched their diet , especially salemme , who avoided the high - fat prison offerings and preferred salads and fruits .
i 'll bring you some cheese and crackers , and maybe a little fruit plate ? ''
i hover by the fruit bowl and lamely act like i ' m examining the apples .
i go back to the fruit .
and if i have to read one more case study about drosophila - the fancy word for fruit flies - i may seriously consider switching to fungi , foes , and friends .
it could be dragon fruit fizz for all i know - which sounds incredibly disgusting .
bella reaches toward the table for a plate of fruit for us to share just as ryan 's assistant smiles and waves .
bella sets her finished plate of fruit back on the table in front of us and nods .
maybe a fruit basket as well .
` ` i ordered some chicken salad , french bread , cheese , and fruit . ''
large wicker baskets full of fresh fruit and wrapped baked goods line the walls .
they headed down to a quick meal of fresh fruit left on the countertop and some wrapped crackers .
logan 's mouth was firm against her own , and he tasted sweet , like fruit .
bronte had n't realized how pleasurable plain , simple fruit could be .
she 'd have to send it a fruit basket .
i stopped and got an assortment of breakfast pastries and fresh fruit before making my way to her condo .
i had packed wine , fruit , and cheese .
both she and dad have clearly had too much coffee already as they dash around the kitchen , peeling potatoes , roasting pumpkin seeds and chopping fruit for the fruit salad .
both she and dad have clearly had too much coffee already as they dash around the kitchen , peeling potatoes , roasting pumpkin seeds and chopping fruit for the fruit salad .
` ` see ya , dad , '' i called out , snatching an apple from the fruit bowl .
the air smelled like the tangy sweetness of the fruit in his mouth .
` ` forbidden fruit .
for the first time this week , i had a craving when my eyes landed on the fruit bowl .
then he was stepping away , biting into the tart fruit with a careless grin and an off - the - cuff comment to jared about one of the women down the bar .
vegetables done , she cruised over to the fruit section , where she loaded the cart with all kinds of different berries for ryder , along with apples , oranges , and pears .
he reached for one of the plastic produce bags and began filling it with the sweet , plump fruit .
maybe it was watching the way ryder handled the fruit , his long , calloused fingers gently squeezing each one as he searched for bruises and imperfections .
` ` but i do n't think fresh fruit and vegetables are really that big of a splurge , are they ? ''
she plays with her fruit plate , poking the cottage cheese .
stryker and trish argued about the pancakes while zan , simon and i chopped up some fruit , and will and audrey talked quietly .
i rinse out a huge bowl that once held a delicious fruit salad .
with a grin that went from ear to ear , i looked down at the scrambled eggs , bagel , fruit and bacon that sat before me .
claire looked at her and then eyed me as i grabbed a bowl of fruit and sat the table .
i finished my fruit and coffee and walked over to her .
` ` i brought us bagels , cream cheese , and some fresh fruit . ''
jackie snorted and picked up a packet of sliced fruit .
` ` if they can show us where the rest of the fruit is- '' ` ` i know , but fire ? ''
will handed the fruit over to dean , who handed me a banana .
i immediately began to peel it and eat it - the fruit inside was a little green and hard , but it was still one of the best things i 'd eaten in a long time .
dean and will returned while we were building the fire , their arms full of fruit , and discussed where they 'd found the fruit and the best places to find more .
dean and will returned while we were building the fire , their arms full of fruit , and discussed where they 'd found the fruit and the best places to find more .
fresh vegetables , organic whole grains , oatmeal , fruit , the works .
my fruits , my organic juices , and my vegetables were strewn carelessly all over the counter as if they were just garbage in the way .
furious , i grabbed fruits and vegetables from the counter , washed them , and shoved them into the vitamix blender , thinking evil thoughts about my partner .
most likely , he 'd bring me fruit salad and a piece of non - buttered toast riddled with birdseed .
we do have fruit . ''
` ` i love fruit , '' i whisper to him .
he bites into the fruit , staining his lips red for a single second before he licks off the strawberry juice .
then he opens the fruit carton .
treat the fruit like my cock , '' he says .
he slides the strawberry in my mouth , the green end sticking from my lips , and i rest the fruit on my tongue , careful to not dig my teeth into it .
my usual breakfast consisted of oatmeal and fruit ... heart disease , you know ?
jesse snuck up behind me where i fretted over the fruit salad .
rose grabbed the fruit bowl and attempted to give us both a maternal warning look .
rose settled the fruit salad on the table , then stood back to inspect the table .
my eyes shifted to my perfectly imperfect fruit salad .
this is n't a polo shirt - wearing get - together at some club where guys think it 's okay to down drinks that are more fruit than they are alcohol . ''
i loaded up on fried potatoes and sausage while josie went for the pancakes and fruit .
i groaned inwardly and silently took the bowl of fruit margot handed me .
we pulled up to a sweeping resort with huge carvings of sombreros and tropical fruit .
quaint shop signs dangled in front of wonky buildings with flower baskets and fresh fruit in bushels looking waxy and delicious in the winter sun .
wildflowers , bonsai , and fully grown fruit trees ringed the roof , shading little sitting areas and water features .
it was true ; i had cleared the hateful tray with its processed omelet , bland cup of fruit , orange juice , milk , and toast .
there were sodas , fruit , and sandwich stuff in the fridge .
i set the fruit on the bedside table .
no worse the wear for nearly being my womb fruit .
i could just walk away , grab a sandwich and some fruit from one of the coolers , and eat it on my way back to building three .
of course , that could be because he was too busy giving me an orgasm to think about fruit smoothies , but no need to tell tori that .
deciding against a smoothie , because it just wo n't be the same if ethan 's not there making sure they add exactly seven strawberries to the blender , i grab a sandwich and some fruit .
he 's carrying a tray loaded with chips and salsa , guacamole , queso , a half - dozen tamales , a plate of fruit , a couple small pitchers filled with mango and strawberry margaritas , and two bottles of corona .
the mingled fruit scents filled his nose .
` ` i 'd rather get hit with rotten fruit than have a rotten soul .
whoever did the shopping had stocked up on everything from fresh fruit and vegetables , to bread , bacon , and cheese , probably expecting or believing sylvie and i could cook .
* * * the next night we were sitting around the kitchen table , picking at fruit and listening to bree recap on a story of some crazy person she 'd run into downtown while she was with konrad .
we all sat around the kitchen table talking while mom kept shoving pieces of fruit my way .
we had the most amazing time at the spa , we got massages , manicures and pedicures , had our hair and make - up done , and had an endless flow of water , champagne and fruit and cheese platters .
i could smell the aroma of cheeses , wines , and the sweetness of an array of fruits .
ella 's drinking a beer , with her endless legs crossed , and lila 's sipping on some girlie fruit drink .
i 'll smell like a yummy fruit cocktail .
mel tilts her chin up toward marty and adds , ` ` that includes you too , fruit cup . ''
` ` why do n't you just admit to me that you 're gay , that you 're one of them , those fruits over in palm springs .
soon , we were pulling the range rover onto the minititlan - veracruz highway , speeding along the plains and rows of fruit crops .
why could n't life be about us rolling in the sheets , enjoying each other 's bodies , drinking beer and eating fresh fruit , running on the sand , eating at quaint little cafes and buying fish every night from pedro ?
i was to take a taxi to the market and spend a few hours acting like a tourist , stopping at every booth , smelling fruits , tasting samples and haggling with vendors over leather belts .
i kept pushing my way through , knocking over people 's bags , shoving them into each other , knocking over crates of fruit , yelling , ` ` lo siento , '' the whole time .
he 'd stopped on the spot , causing a woman with a bag of fruit to collide into his back and let loose a string of spanish obscenities .
i waited there for an hour at my table , finally indulging in a crepe and some fruit , when the waiter slipped me a note .
it crashed and collapsed under their weight and brought them down over crates of fruit , but they were up quickly and running across the road to the car , all while the store owner was emerging from the wreckage and swearing his head off .
like that blonde chick on that game show ( i do n't know which because i do n't watch game shows , but everybody knows about that blonde chick ) camryn waves her hands in front of the cooler doors , as if revealing the world of fruit juices and bottled water to me for the first time .
one with a cartoon character and the word fruit on it .
but i know there 's no fruit in this cereal .
my dad tried hiring a catering service , but he really likes cooking for the kids , and it seems to work better when he throws some bacon on a skillet , scrambles eggs , and offers fruit , yogurt , milk , and cereal to everyone .
pop - tarts and fruit snacks that do n't even taste like fruit .
pop - tarts and fruit snacks that do n't even taste like fruit .
avoid using ice cubes , though i doubt they 'll have refrigeration where you 're going , which is also why you should only eat fruits and vegetables you peel and wash yourself .
what other fruit do we get around here ? ''
eventually we picked up some fresh fruits , vegetables , and other edibles , and made our way back to the car .
she patted me on the back , her lips in a tight smile , as she complimented me on the only positive thing that she could say about my elementary level bowl of tropical fruit .
she 'd passed up fruit bowls ages ago , and was on to drawing people .
sighing as i turned back to my misshapen fruit , i shrugged .
we made a coffin out of a fruit loops box .
no warmth , no cheerfulness , no healthful ease , no comfortable feel in any member - no shade , no shine , no butterflies , no bees , no fruits , no flowers , no leaves , no birds !
it 's just a light custard with some fresh fruit .
there was fruit , vegetables , tiny sandwiches , hors d'oeuvres , and cheese and crackers .
mina brought a tray of tiny muffins , truffles , and fruit tarts .
i took one of the fruit tarts , thanking her .
that i was forbidden fruit ?
after ... well , it was either learn to cook or live on toast and fish - which i suspect dad does when i ' m not home , though i try to get him to buy fruit or something green occasionally . ''
he tastes sweet from the fruit we ate with our dinner , and i ca n't help but want more .
the admissions guy , well , i owe him a fruit basket or something because i totally messed up his holiday .
blessed art thou amongst women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , jesus .
she 's all woman , but she 's ... forbidden fruit .
it barely came to the top of her thighs , and josie turned away when darla did exactly what trevor did , bending into the fridge to pick up a plate of fruit .
he leaned over and scooped some of the fruit off a tart the owners had left for them .
like fruit in jell - o .
that fruit is just trapped in there , for eternity , suspended in a thick , wiggling substance until someone devours it . ''
i can sit across from a bowl of fruit and jell - o and deal with it , i just do n't like it . ''
ryan was already piling the cart with fruit and some cookies that were on display when we first walked in .
i 'd really like some sort of soap that does n't smell like fruit . ''
i sucked in a quick breath from the shock , almost dumping my arm - full of fruit on the floor .
i love shopping at the open - air markets with the fruit and flower vendors and vintage jewelry sellers as much as i love the champs - elysees . ''
they had one of those baskets too , towering with fruit - apples , oranges , nectarines , lemons that threatened to spill out - in our home in connecticut .
there 's something very sensuous about it - overripe , as if all sorts of funny fruits were going to fall into your hands . ' ''
aidan must ' ve placed quite an order for them because there was a huge vegetable tray , one of all kind of sandwich meats and cheeses , and a bowl of fresh fruit .
after grabbing the vegetable and fruit , her eyes landed on a can of whipped cream .
while she heard him fumbling around in the mountain of suitcases , she opened the fruit bowl .
pancakes , toasts , eggs benedict , bacon , and even a fruit platter - all of them untouched .
he did n't know quite how it happened , but they were kissing , her youthful lips like fruit in his mouth .
she walked around , her mouth literally open as she gaped at the beautiful linens , the sumptuous furniture , and the fruit .
yes , the fruit .
` ` pineapple is a ridiculous fruit for a hotel room .
he was already shirtless , his smooth chest and toned abdomen as appealing and mouthwatering as the fresh fruit in the room .
a petite woman with dark brown hair in a pixie cut was slicing fruit at the kitchen island , in the middle of the large , gleaming , all - white kitchen .
everything was a blur as she got me a mug and poured my coffee , chatting away about what fruit was in season .
after some more chit - chat about fruit and her plans for the day ( shopping for curtains ) , she left us , but not before an awkward goodbye .
she had one hand up to cover her eyes as she grabbed the plastic containers of cut fruit off the counter .
as we had breakfast with suzanne and simon , and the three of them joked about simon 's dancing moves from the night before , i sipped my fresh tropical fruit juice and thought about returning home the next day .
luthor thorne , who was currently looking dashing in a white linen shirt , was exotic , like tropical fruit juice , or like all the spicy dishes we 'd enjoyed at the resort .
we baked some brownies to cover the smell from hot - knifing hash on the electric stove , and drank her father 's coors light from the garage , made cold with the addition of frozen fruit chunks .
she downed her glass of beer and popped the chunks of semi - thawed fruit into her mouth .
simon kept talking about the fruit juice , about how he 'd miss it when we got back home .
i poked at the fruit on my plate .
i got a little fruit and a croissant , feeling as though i was n't taking advantage of what was given , but i had no appetite .
a waitress brought jonathan scrambled eggs , potatoes , and fruit .
` ` small , orange fruit . ''
coffee and fruit had been laid out on the sideboard .
he paused , picking through the fruit , eyes cast down .
he pulled the fruit back an inch , and i followed , then he let it touch my tongue , then pulled it back .
our tongues tasted of cold fruit .
we hovered over the coffee and fruit .
the quilt on my bed was deep burgundy , the oil paintings showed seashores and mountains , and the kitchen , the only ultra - modern part of the house , had a basket of fresh fruit on the counter .
` ` second , if we 're at a store - a gigantic one , an average one , a fruit stand on the side of the road - you do n't take off without telling me where you 're going . ''
` ` a fruit stand ? ''
i shoved the cart in , stopped , planted my hands on my hips , and as his head turned my way , i declared , ` ` fruit stand . ''
` ` fruit stand , '' i returned .
` ` now tell me , how many folks can say they make a livin ' off knittin ' , crotchetin ' and cookin ' fruit ?
my inventory is there , she does the packing there , and when fruit is in season i make my preserves there .
i only do them when fruit is in season so they are n't on the shelves all the time .
we had a fruit and veggie shop .
he pulled the pot out of my hand and tossed it on the mess on his counter where it miraculously found purchase between a box of fruit loops and a stack of bowls .
there were manicured , graveled in areas around the pool deck filled with palm trees , fruit trees and weird but attractive cacti .
i would come to understand that peach trees did n't just bear fruit you picked come peach season and a big old ranch could n't just sit there and look pretty .
gray had replanted the lost trees but it would be awhile before they bore fruit and his new growth also was n't there .
my hair was wet and combed back , i 'd consumed a bowl of fruit and two pieces of toast that was more delicious than any toast i 'd ever had except in paris .
after that was achieved , we went to the grocery store where most of our cart was filled with fruit , veggies and lean proteins , courtesy of sam .
i 'll get some fruit and yogurt .
the morning before i 'd checked in his fridge and he had yogurt , cottage cheese , fresh fruit , slices of smoked salmon and veggies .
` ` no , but the only things you have in your fridge are fruit , cottage cheese and vegetables .
we ca n't prosecute with fruit from the poisonous tree , '' douglas told him .
and they had the dumb f**k but they had him with fruit from a poisonous tree .
she put together things called ` ` boards , '' which were plates filled with fruit , cheese , veggies , and other stuff that did n't sound all that exciting but the way elvira did it , it was .
there was silence as i mixed my fruit , granola and yogurt and i turned to face the kitchen .
becca said - '' i spooned up more fruit , yogurt and granola and smiled at her before asking , ` ` you have a flesh - eating virus or something ? ''
i was walking back from the grocery store where i bought some deli meat , bread , diet pop and fruit when i saw tate pull his harley into bubba 's .
i made coffee and i used his strawberries , bananas and yogurt , cutting up the fruit and covering it with yogurt in the bowl .
i set my coffee down on the railing after taking a sip then shoveled fruit and yogurt in my mouth while staring at the sun shining bright on carnal , the green pine - covered hills beyond , the purple mountains beyond that .
and i knew i could eat a bathtub full of fruit and yogurt and not feel full .
i looked from bowl and creamer to pitchers to big - ass , kickass fruit bowl and was relieved to find i was right .
a wide bowl that matched the pitchers filled with fruit by the fridge .
the pitchers , the snow globe , the frames , the crock with the spoons in , the fruit bowl , the kitchenaid , the toss pillows .
urge him to eat the fruit and veggies .
a hint of orange remained from the fruit she had for breakfast on the plane .
she 'd had a shower too , smelling of fruit and whatever shit was in the shampoo .
suzette arrived at eight a.m. giving me just enough time to order room service of fresh fruit and an omelette , and douse myself on coffee .
sitting her at the kitchen counter , lexie grabbed another fruit juice from the fridge .
` ` yeah , probably waited until dinner and survived on a piece of fruit .
they 'd gone fruit picking together and were boiling it up for homemade jam .
one of mine is growing vegetables and fruit .
anne was carrying a tray of fruit , which rested against her hip .
she was n't allowed breakfast anymore , and her lunch consisted of fruit .
` ` i ' m allowed a slice of toast for breakfast , two pieces of fruit for lunch and some dinner .
tightening his grip on rose 's hips , they made their way to the vegetables and fruit .
they ate a light breakfast together of fruit and some more coffee .
she put some meats in a sandwich and served it with some fruit .
she picked up a strawberry and bit into the delicious sweet fruit .
biting into the soft flesh of his fresh fruit , he returned her gaze .
she smelled like citrus fruits , sweet yet tempting .
chapter eight frederick took a bite out of the strawberry , loving the lush taste of the fruit .
she went on talking about the fairs , the love she had for picking the fresh fruits and apples .
leo smiled at her as he took a chunk of fruit to his lips .
she asked , picking up a piece of fruit .
she nibbled on fruit while waiting for him to speak some more .
daren placed the medical kit beside him on the bed then lifted up a piece of fruit .
he pressed the fruit against her lips .
slowly , she took bites of each delicious fruit and preserved meats on the tray .
when the pancakes were cooking , james quickly diced some fruit to add in a bowl then place it on the tray .
james grabbed a strawberry instead and ate the ripe fruit .
the table held fruit and orange juice .
he fed violet , getting turned on as he watched the plump fruit pass her lips , making him think of his c**k in her mouth .
the sweet fruit dribbled juice down her chin .
orange juice , summer fruit juice , and vodka .
` ` i ' ve got fresh fruit , cheese , bread , and of course some cheesy chips . ''
she sank her teeth into the fresh fruit .
when she walked into the shop , she grabbed a shopping trolley and began filling it with fresh fruit and vegetables .
` ` heaven , like the best fruit or dessert on the table .
there were two piles of pancakes , breakfast cereal in many varieties , toast , butter , jam , and fruit .
in the fridge she found a selection of chocolates along with plenty of fresh vegetables and fruit .
carrying hot chocolate , fruit , and cream , he went back upstairs to find her lying back resting .
he climbed into the bathtub , putting the drinks on the floor along with the bowls of fruit and cream .
reaching down , he grabbed a strawberry and dipped the ripe fruit into the cream .
clara bit into the fruit , and he finished it off .
for the next twenty minutes he fed her fruit and cream as they finished off their hot chocolates .
pressing the strawberry to her lips he watched the plumpness take the fruit .
she watched him slice into a peach and start to segment the fruit .
staring at the fruit then at him , she frowned .
leaning forward she sucked the fruit from his fingers trying not to touch his skin .
for several minutes he fed her different slices of fruit , sipping his coffee and reading the paper .
the only attention he paid her was with the fruit he offered up .
gripping the edge of her seat , she took more fruit .
scooting up on the headboard , luc phoned down to order the champagne and a plate of fresh fruit and chocolates .
as did her bag of fruit and cheese and bread , which fell from her lifeless fingers to the gravel parking lot .
his words fell away then , and emma remembered how concerned he 'd been in college , always trying to get her to eat something besides diet coke and fruit .
dinner was endless , with at least a dozen courses of meats , cheeses , fruits , and breads .
jason did n't just taste her ; he feasted and groaned into her pu**y as if he consumed a delicious forbidden fruit .
adrian shrugs , picking at the fruit salad that came with his room service breakfast .
` ` if you 're not going to eat the fruit , stop poking at it .
` ` now , suddenly , you want the fruit ? ''
i then walk over to inspect the kitchen and notice there is fresh fruit in the fridge that was n't here this morning , letting me know that clara has already been here and left .
` ` mr . mckinnon ordered breakfast for you this morning , '' he says as he wheels in a white - clothed cart with a french press and a platter of fresh fruit and crullers .
the heady mixture of fruit , rain , and earth wafts through the room as i take in the beauty of the delicate blooms - declan 's favorite flower .
i had some fruit already cut up ; now all i needed was to not burn the penthouse down while i whipped up some pancakes .
he went to work , helping me setup by putting the fruit into two square bowls .
make sure the fruit is of the utmost quality . ''
as soon as i swallowed , the fruit was forgotten as our lips locked and he pulled me to his chest .
as he unfolded his pants from his body , it was like peeling back layers to get to the juicy fruit beneath .
she moved to a table on the wall , lined with fruit , slices of bread , and cheeses .
plates were piled high with fruits and vegetables and meat and pastries , but i kept seeing the blank stare of her staff .
her hands rub and caress his balls , two delicious fruits in their tight casings .
dillon laughed and dodged the flying fruit .
she popped the last bite of fruit salad in her mouth as she awaited a response .
i ' m in desperate need of some fruits and veggies , and i do n't like to get them at the grocery store .
` ` let 's start with veggies , then hit the fruit stands , and finish up with some jam tasting . ''
but at least it did n't smell like rotting fruits and vegetables , so that was a plus .
sara has had an uneventful evening with sophie and in fact , even left a basket of fresh fruit on my counter .
her mouth draws up like a rotten fruit .
i gape at the brutally trimmed shrubs and the fruit - bearing trees that blot my view of the open sky .
i pass a fruit vendor and someone selling something that looks like lottery tickets , and then i ' m here : av de los serdan .
i pour some batter into the iron and prep two plates with some fruit rachelle actually did cut and bring over .
i grin , and i ' m grabbing some fruit out of the pantry when i hear the click of shoes on hardwood , and there she in the doorway between my den and kitchen , looking gorgeous .
i shrug as i throw the fruit in the paper sack , prompting her to laugh again .
bowls of fruit .
lucien turned the peach over in his hands , knowing full well that it was so much more than an innocent piece of fruit .
` ` now that 's peachy , '' he said , with a sidelong glance at the abandoned plate of fruit , then he snaked a hand around the back of her neck to pull her mouth down onto his kiss .
he swept his fingertips down her neck to hold her breasts in his palms like a fruit seller might cup oranges , his thumbs playing with her nipples .
* * * * chapter eleven luna a bed tray full of fruit and eggs , muffins and bagels , sausage and pancakes topped with whipped cream awaited me when i awoke .
it 's a nice spread of bagels , scrambled eggs , bacon , sausages , pancakes , french toast , and fruit .
i decide on some pancakes and sausage while sebastian eats the scrambled eggs and fruit .
marina , in general , ate a crepe with banana and chocolate , but she felt like trying something new , so she ordered instead a crepe with a fruit skewer ( with strawberry , kiwi , banana , peach and pineapple ) and hot chocolate .
do you remember when we ate fruit skewers drizzled with chocolate at the chocolate fair in grndola last year ?
was it all fruit of her imagination ?
at most , he could feel attracted to her , perhaps because she resisted his charms , which made her the forbidden and the most appetizing fruit .
i ordered a salad , a fruit plate , and then decided emily was a cheeseburger girl .
protein , carbs , fruits and vegetables .
dana was carrying a large pot of sausages , bede , the cheese and matilda , a small basket of various fruits .
eat lots of fruits and vegetables ... nuts ... small amounts of red meat ... fish and chicken ... breads and pastas ...
i am w/ yhanna we ve gone to the market and then buy annie some fruits .
i do nt know what juice is that or what fruit had mammoo used .
i was able to find some fruit , a muffin , and some coffee that i took to the pool so i could enjoy some sun .
i had finished the fruit and was working on the muffin when paul appeared .
i just need some baking supplies and fresh fruit .
diego drove me to a grocery store that had an amazing selection of fresh fruit .
the kitchen was empty , so i helped myself to a bowl of fruit and went to sit by the pool .
there were several squirrels that were playing and i enjoyed watching them while i ate my fruit .
sorry , scott says sheepishly and grabs his own fruit to start munching on .
he took a huge bite of pizza and shook his head as i picked at my fruit bowl .
we blew through the kitchen at the cabin , throwing together sandwiches , chips , fruit and drinks .
we decided to share a chicken and fruit salad and sipped sweet iced tea .
i smiled at her over my forkful of fruit .
he was quiet as he ate the last piece of fruit on my plate .
i picked up my bowl of fruit and joined my mother at the table .
i picked at my fruit and waited .
she happily takes us off fruit picking , and driving out to the beach , and browsing the tourist stores in the beach towns nearby .
bring it on , fruit ...
lisa got fresh fruit and vegetables out and helped grandma madge make a fresh salad .
madge was at the kitchen sink , peeling and preparing another batch of fruit to be canned .
buddy disappeared into the kitchen and returned with some fruit pieces for buck and thunder .
a fruit punch , coffee , and iced tea would be provided for beverages at the lunch , unless mandy wanted alcoholic beverages .
thanks to my moms and madges green thumbs , we always had fresh fruit and vegetables to eat .
chapter 10 the following week , when she arrived at the market people were already milling down the aisles and queues were forming at the fruit and vegetable stands although it was obvious that some stalls were still in the process of being set up .
she fed him food high in antioxidants , lots of fruit and vegetables , she gave him vitamins e and c to improve his fertility and zinc and folic acid to increase his sperm count , she read that selenium improved the swimming of the sperm and made him take that as well .
i looked up to see a renaissance - style painted ceiling that made me feel as if i were back in a roman church : hand - painted cherubs , naked men and women surrounded by fruits and clouds .
ella was doing yoga on the living room floor ; ivy was on the couch eating fruit loops and watching the news.delayed flights : delta , united , american air , lufthunsa , air italia ... forgot my phone , i breathlessly , as if they cared .
at the serious expression on my face , ivys eyes grew round and huge , as she ate her fruit loops .
ivy opened her mouth full of rainbow fruit loops .
i replied , choosing some light fruit from the large platter of food that was placed on my bed .
half an hour later i was sitting in the private parlor completely dressed and snacking on some fruits .
despite her hunger , she could nt summon the ability to eat even a small piece of the fresh fruit shed been given .
david transferred the precious fruit to his free hand , tucked it into one of the side pockets of his flight suit , and reclaimed emmas trembling fingers .
a platter piled high with all manner of finger food and canned fruit sat on the coffee table , along with additional bottles of water , napkins , plates , and utensils .
proverbs 18:20 - 21 : a man 's belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth ; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled .
death and life are in the power of the tongue : and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof .
if we can decide that prisoners should be permitted fruit no more than four times a year , why should n't we decide that guards should not be allowed to ill - treat their prisoners ? ''
the trees were beautiful , the fruit on them looked like any other fruit in the world , but they looked shiny , almost fake .
the trees were beautiful , the fruit on them looked like any other fruit in the world , but they looked shiny , almost fake .
i grabbed a paper bag and then i grabbed a few pieces of fruit and a bunch of pastries and two bottles of orange juice .
but i know there s no fruit in this cereal .
bread , cheese , fruit , and water .
the bread had already been sliced and the fruit cut into bite - size pieces .
how do you get fresh fruit if the complex is underground ?
note to self : send coach sullivan a fruit basket and a thank you card .
like the fruit .
so were mashed potatoes , especially dotted with cheese ; milk , with or without added chocolateand gray was pleased to notemost fruits .
bananas , sliced apples , pineapple , peaches and mango were among the fruits cam loved .
we head out to the farmers market , where i stock up on fresh vegetables and fruits .
ever since i discovered farmers markets a few years ago , its very hard to go back to grocery store fruit .
i ve never seen someone get so excited over a couple of melons , luke comments as i m sifting through a fruit stand .
its really more of an estate , with a long winding driveway , a pool , and a vast lawn with fruits growing in it .
this is for you , my mother said , handing over the basket of fruit and muffins .
not a walking cardboard cut - out of herfavoritefootball star but a real person who wonder of wondersis actually interested in the fruit of her loins .
grass , fruit trees and flowers .
entering my suite , i am met with the fresh scent of gardenias which are next to a big fruit basket with a note reading hope your first day went well and this will provide healthy midnight snacks until you can fill your cupboards with the good stuff , or should i say your unhealthy favorites .
entering the nursery , andrew is holding a basket of fruits and vegetables .
sitting down , he uncovers a small dish of fruits , vegetables and dips .
after she stealthy inspected the sandwiches , which she deemed worthy since she did nt remake them we loaded the basket up with chips , fruit and bottles of water before we set out .
talking about each glass as if it held fruit , grain , herbs , smoke and soil , instead of golden brown liquid , he pointed out which to try .
she loved the honey drink , which could run from dry to sweet and was often flavored with a variety of fruit juices .
we ve also got some sandwiches and fruit .
every year , i buy him his favorite dried fruit platter and frank buys him a book .
cyrus liked her fruit and franks book .
you there , fetch me a ration of jerky and fruit .
meor the fruit ?
chapter nine forbidden fruit by the time river got to the house , shula was already gone .
i miss salads and fresh fruit and vegetables that do nt come out of a glass jar .
even though he d witnessed rivers sensual reaction when she tasted the fruit , he was unprepared for his own .
if the forbidden fruit in the garden of eden tasted half as good as this , i do nt blame adam and eve for giving in to temptation .
` ` i thought it was the woman that got tempted to taste the forbidden fruit when she should have been at church . ''
there was fresh fruit and cheeses as well as crackers , dip and chips .
we walked through the dining room , and saw anita halfway into a huge waffle smothered in fruit and whipped cream .
i picked up cereal with soymilk , fruit , and juice .
dressed in a fashionable day dress of aqua silk with a matching ribbon in her hair , she strolled the deck after a light breakfast of fruit and coffee .
surprisingly , the concoction of meat , fruit and vegetables was a meal to be savored , and she did .
later that evening rob was lost in thought as they sat at the table after a satisfying meal of baked fish and oysters , cacoon stew , and fresh fruit .
this , combined with an abundance of fruits , nuts , and berries , proved to be most satisfying to their appetites .
but one tree was more unusual than it was beautiful , with fruit that reminded her of hanging sausage links .
thank goodness , rob worked on a plantation in jamaica and was taught which trees and fruits are edible .
leah shared her shopping list as she picked up a piece of fruit and sniffed .
grace grabbed the fruit and placed a handful in a bag before paying for all of their produce .
she plated some fruit and a croissant that the parents so graciously provided for them each week , then took her seat between her co - teacher , melissa , and one of the sixth grade teachers , sofie .
abby placed a forkful of fruit into her mouth .
coughing as the juice from the fruit shot down her throat , abby looked wide - eyed at the sex kitten sitting next to her .
after heading downstairs and picking up some peanut butter toast and a side of fruit , she went back to her room and pulled out her electronic reader .
` ` i ' ve thought about it , '' he confesses as he looks in the fruit refrigerator .
but you still being you gives me a chance totaste the forbidden fruit , if you will .
sprinkling the fruit and yogurt mixture with granola , amy handed elizabeth a bowl .
it had a tiny table filled with juice and various pastries , bagels and fruit .
elizabeth ordered a fruit plate and pulled out her ipad .
she opened the refrigerator and stared at the large array of fresh fruits and vegetables .
he sold fruits , breads , and cheeses , and kyrah often made little purchases from him .
fruit , vegetables , meat , milk ?
i suspected ye might , the old man said as he came to a wheeled cart where fruits , breads , and cheeses were displayed .
instead , it was ice and fruit in a blender and talk about going out to eat on thanksgiving ( imagine ? )
is the fruit rotten ?
then i left her standing there in the kitchen , holding a fruit smoothie .
the infinite highway of the sky will come to every mans door , bringing fruits from south america , spices from the far east , and news from everywhere in the worlduncensored and untaxed by any government .
the fruits of the forest , the tomatoes and figs , mulberries and yellow plums , were smaller than the european kind , but sweeter .
i bet you also did nt think you d survive your time here without starving to death firstbut then you tried jerky and dried fruit .
however for a man who is accustomed to getting what he wants , the lure of the forbidden fruit is enough to drive him wild .
not now that i ve grown up and tasted the forbidden fruit !
would a bit of fruit be alright to take to my room ?
lee ordered some fruit juice then took a seat at one of the many empty tables outside and took in the scene .
he simply helped himself to some fruit juice then took a seat at an empty table with a clear view of the door .
asked lee , nodding to the fruit juice .
i brought a picnic basket , and we sat and nibbled on the fruit and cheeses .
i had some fruit and a couple of bottles of water left .
there was fruit , yogurt , eggs , fat - free milk , and all kinds of fresh vegetables .
there were bowls of scrambled eggs , bacon , and fresh fruit too .
from memory i had a compote of fresh fruit .
why would i let a fruit cake like that put me in a dress ?
kelly smiled at little at my little fruit cake comment .
my mother and i fetched her , pomegranate and other of her favourite fruits and foods .
the lower drawers of emille 's refrigerator were packed with fruits and vegetables .
fruits and vegetables galore were bagged and stored in flat packages in the freezer .
during follow up conversations , she 'd mentioned that she loved fruits .
peter had gone to the trouble of preparing a miniature fruit basket for her .
she actually sent these strawberries this morning , auntie said , pointing to a pack of strawberries on the table with a note pinned to it , she said you need some fruits .
hey mindy , just thought of sending you some fruits , you passed out so bad last night , i feel responsible !
initially , we were hit with the sickly sweet smell of rotten fruit and vegetables and eggs and dairy products in the refrigerated section .
i had nt had fruit in so long .
the repast he laid before them was simply prepared but substantial : galantine of veal , pigeon pie , boiled lobsters , fruits and cheeses , and a hot and spicy crab and spinach soup .
chicken , fruit , a few carrots not too many , mind and tea are best between a matinee and evening performance .
he grit his teeth and wondered how she always managed to smell of some soft , juicy fruit .
make it ours , the ripened and sour fruits that this night would bring !
with her hands strapped to my back she passionately kissed me like her lips were crafted from strawberry fruit .
to my amazement , he handed out several kinds of cheese , a long loaf of french bread , a variety of fruits , deli - sliced ham and turkey and cold bottles of sparkling , fruit - flavored water .
to my amazement , he handed out several kinds of cheese , a long loaf of french bread , a variety of fruits , deli - sliced ham and turkey and cold bottles of sparkling , fruit - flavored water .
breakfast was an assortment of fruit , flaky pastries , and more of the delicious coffee we d drunk the night before .
the row of restaurants and store fronts with open carts of fruit and vegetables taunted her .
he refused to take them , so she used the money to buy groceries and put the remainder in the fruit bowl on the table for the rent .
she put on a light coat and tugged a twenty euro note out of the fruit bowl and slipped it into her pocket .
she grabbed a couple bills from the fruit bowl and raced to the bakery caf around the corner .
shed thrown all her tip money into the fruit bowl yesterday .
it would find its way into the fruit bowl later that night .
micah paused at the table and picked up the fruit bowl that was nearly overflowing with coins and bills from katjas earnings .
i need somewhere to put the fruit .
she packed up her guitar and her bag , and tossed her ring into the fruit bowl before leaving .
a speedy job to change the lock cost extra , but she had the fruit bowl money and a little more that shed saved over the last couple months .
the closer i got to the brunette , the more my skin prickled like the time i d eaten too many kiwi fruit and had an allergic reaction .
water and fruit ?
i said excitedly when he handed over the fruit .
the ground sloped down from us in deep green rolling hills that gave way to fields bordered by low rock walls that contained fruit bearing trees , their bounty glimmering like jewels in the light .
you are my forbidden fruit , but i keep hoping and praying that one day you will belong to me again .
he is silent as i eat , and it does nt take long to finish the small plate of cold meats , cheeses , and cubed fruit .
if late rains kept up into may , they could affect the fruit set at his vineyard for the second year in a row .
the old vines surrounding them , and their precious fruits , would make it through this night , at least .
her eyes rested on a photo on the opposite wall - rays of sunshine playing on vines heavy with fruit , with trovare 's castle perched on a distant hill , a tiny silhouette above the vineyard .
he shared with micky some fruit he d taken from the restaurant the night before and then said his farewells , telling the lad he could use the room until the end of the week .
karl manoeuvred them around a horse and wagon that were offloading fresh fruit and vegetables into the bowels of the ship .
then he would try to find room for the fruit tart and coffee .
by the time they reached the fruit tart and coffee , karl was comfortably full .
i will just have the chicken chasseur and some fruit and cheese for dessert .
the book still had a little of that forbidden fruit feel , making maddy pause and meet graces eyes .
there was also fruit in the refrigerator .
roy always likes whatever fruit 's in season .
resting the note against the bowl of fruit on the counter , she spun to the door .
jessica nodded her head toward the fruit bowl .
once he 'd decided his best location for the night he settled against his saddle with his meager dinner of fruit and jerked beef , weary to the core .
by the end of the three months he was still drawn to the succulent fruit , yet his body had gotten its fill and one more bite had sent him flying to the outhouse .
dogs lay panting in the shade and a woman sat under a bright red umbrella , selling fruit and swatting flies .
the chicken was too spicy , so she left the rest for joseph , eating bread and fruit instead .
beya was the shorter one and sat down while yange stood , investigating the shrubs for edible fruits or berries .
the rest of the group was slower to react and one of the bearers was knocked unconscious when a large fruit hit him on the head .
they passed fruit on the ground that had been peeled and sucked dry .
she stopped under the mango tree and watched the fruit bats feeding .
they walked in silence along a path that wound its way between the giant trees , stepping over huge green fruit the size of bowling balls .
she ate fruit gathered from the forest and slept by the side of the road .
with no money , they had been forced to find food , living off fruit picked in the forest .
he inspected the rotten fruit on the kitchen floor , finally settling on a half - rotten apple .
tables of food held peanut butter treats , sugar cookies , chocolate - covered pretzels and for the health - minded children , granola bars and fruit kabobs .
fruit trees testified to the plantation that once existed here .
she had a few sips of fruit punch , enjoying the air currents that kissed her skin .
would you like some fruit cake ?
i thought fruit cake was reserved for christmas day , he said .
my mother makes a mean fruit cake and she starts baking weeks before christmas .
the combination of fruits , nuts , rum and wine was heavenly .
he went over to a table laden with fruits , mouthwatering miniature cakes , chocolates , and a bottle of champagne .
helen stood and crossed to the bag of things shed bought when she purchased the fruit .
they were covered with lipstick , which shed said tasted like fruit .
i hope you mean date as in a piece of dried fruit from off the date palm .
you can still collect your prize , if you ditch the dried fruit .
the dried fruit stays .
angie had brought fresh cut fruit with her to make the drinks .
after speeches and entertainment we had to go through the buffay line for lunch , so we are standing in the line which is broken up into different sections : fruits and salad , meat , side dishes , rolls and bread , and those machines that shoot out soft chocolate ice cream that looks like diarea coming out a pigs behind .
then she s called away to the office on some business or tother , but before she goes , she pulls out of her purse all sorts of long vegetables and fruit , like a plastic banana and a italian squash and an eggplant even a warty little pickle , and she tells us to practice .
god looks at the heartbear the fruit of repentancereturn to megive yourself as a living sacrifice slowly and painfully , kelly saw the truth of her heart .
sliced fruit and other treats are laid out for the guests , and silk screen partitions cordon off discreet corners of the various rooms , where people can gain a little more privacy should they want it .
jack grabbed an apple from the fruit basket on the counter and tossed it in the air as he walked out of the kitchen toward his home office .
jack sighed and went to the fridge where he pulled out eggs , bread , sausages , and fruit and placed them on the counter for kelly .
he pulled out plastic silverware , napkins , plates , and a small container of fruit , two bottles of water , two sandwiches and chips .
they went to a bread store for bread , and a cheese store for cheese , separate shops for coffee , pasta , and meat , and an open market for fruits and vegetables .
green fruit and water bottles .
as well as garden picked vegetables , and succulent once forgotten fruits whose juices ran down the front of your clothes , if you were n't careful .
the nymph had fed him apples and occasionally sweet - bread as he loomed , bristling and ferocious , taking the fruit gently from her .
when i lived in the woods , i mostly ate fruits and vegetables .
ravens skill had helped them start a farm that provided adequate vegetables and fruit .
how about some fruit and dairy ?
fruit and vegetables can be colorful and aesthetically appealing ; you would experience your food a lot more .
tapping into her willpower , she passed by all the rich foods and added some fresh cut fruit and a yogurt to her plate .
there is a ton of fruit in the kitchen .
there s fruit in your fridge ?
i ve got some bagels , muffins , and fruit cups .
odell steered them to a sheltered spot just past the fruit stand in front of a grocers .
that it does , sarah agreed as a plate of meats , fruit and bread was served which she hungrily consumed .
it was afternoon and she was standing in front of michaels front door with a covered tray in her hands , aromas of nuts , fruits , spices and sweet cream wafting up from time to time .
tropical fruits ?
some minutes later , they had shared a cup of fruit tea and chocolate chips cookies and she had told him about her latest predicament , trying her utmost not to sound defeated or helpless or anxious .
she made a mental note to herself to grab some ice - cream , jelly and fruits from the shop the next time , standing on her tip - toes to search the overhead cupboards for a salad bowl .
on it stood a coffee machine with supplies and a laden fruit basket .
she helped out the farm workers when it was time to harvest the fruit trees .
he sold only fresh , locally grown fruits and vegetables , and the bulk of his dairy and meat supplies came from local farmers and ranchers as well .
he brought a picnic basket filled with yummy fruit and cheese .
grace made them all brunch , and as they were sitting down to eat croissants and fruit , maggie came out of her room , dressed for work .
haley swatted his hand away from the bowl of fruit she 'd been mixing for fruit salad .
haley swatted his hand away from the bowl of fruit she 'd been mixing for fruit salad .
she took in the palm - tree - lined streets and noted the orange trees , their branches hanging heavily with ripened fruit .
it was fully stocked with fruits , vegetables , and chicken breasts .
were going to have fruit , pancakes with syrup and sausage .
for dinner tonight , they found various breads that dale had already made , some vegetables and fruit .
the grilled trout was mouthwatering with salad , black - eyed peas , bread and fruit .
there was milk and fruit .
not lots , but i suppose we could make the fruit and bread stretch .
eugene scorned the human species ; saw them as little more than transitory beings inhabiting the planet , clinging to material possessions as mold adheres to decaying fruit .
his black uniform sweater was littered with stickers from various fruits and vegetables and his pants had patches where mud had caked to them .
she grazed on fruit , drank a glass of milk , nibbled on half a bagel , but never actually sat and ate a meal at any point of the day .
on the exquisite coffee table was a hand - painted rectangular black and bronze planter with an intricate fruit design painted on it .
artificial cream colored flowers and several pieces of wax fruit filled the planter .
gabriel walked beside yoshi for several miles in silence passing women in home - spun wool gowns carrying baskets containing various vegetables and fruits .
* * * after a lunch of mac and cheese , chicken nuggets , and fruit , and a giddy reunion with joey , savannah could nt stop smiling .
she made quick work having her breakfast of cereal with some fruit and milk .
in short order , maria had the four of them seated at a short table where they were more comfortable , dining on cereal and fresh fruit .
like , right after the eye lock with the forbidden fruit ?
they eat acorns , insects , carrion , fruit , and berries .
exiting via the kitchen , she stuffed her pockets full of granola bars and snatched an apple and a banana from the fruit bowl on the counter .
that air freshener tastes like rotten fruit to me .
i grabbed an orange and some fruit salad - comfort food that reminded me of home .
whole grains , low in saturated fat , emphasis on vegetables and fruits , locally sourced and mostly organic .
egg - white omelets , low - fat muffins , multi - grain pancakes , oatmeal , cereals , fruit , greek yogurt .
i brought champagne and fruit , thinking we could celebrate , but you re clearly not in the mood for it .
shed grabbed a piece of fruit mid - morning while starting the lunch prep , and she was famished .
ric , she said to her son , there are platters of fruit and pastries inside .
rics voice intruded as he passed behind her , his hands filled with a huge platter of fresh fruit .
we also have a fruit cup for dessert and a sugar - free fruit crumble .
we also have a fruit cup for dessert and a sugar - free fruit crumble .
he pops the fruit into his mouth as i frown .
why not devote your misplaced attention to rekindling and multiplying the fruit of your own hearth ?
the fruit is soft and flavorless , the presentation even more so .
but that tree he pointed to the oak across the river will have the sweetest fruit i have ever tasted .
he d seen the fruit , seen the tree .
then , and as if it never happened , lizzie turned around and went to the table , where a tray of fruit was set up .
` ` teacher said we mussen throw the fruit away , '' said judy .
` ` target practice , '' he said , pointing an imaginary gun at the fruit bowl and pulling the trigger .
` ` fruit of the forest flavour .
imagining them sliding over her hips , she swung her cute ass into the fruit and vegetables section .
blanche , she thought , blanche slipped the microscopic camera into her cleavage ... ` ` mrs lysle , have you finished the standardised fruit colours briefing for the commission ? ''
she wo nt die and you can fill her up with fruit tomorrow . ''
she spread a newspaper out on the floor , unclipped the top of the hamster cage and tipped the entire contents - spring fruit flavour sticks , cannabis stalks , hamster corpse et al - onto the paper .
there was swimming in a kidney - shaped pool , a nauseating buffet breakfast including an entire plastic lobster , several all too real roast hams , a lake of exotic fruit juice and a cheshire cat chef dishing up anaemic fried eggs on toast .
we ate steaks with haricots verts and had fruit afterwards .
she took an apple out of the fruit bowl on the dresser .
once marianne had served them their tuna salad on croissants and fruit plate , hank said , i have some news about the old gray barn .
they sat down on the bed , there was a still life describing some fruits .
he did appear on the table , with soft gestures magician , fruit juice , croissants , jam and butter cubes , and a steaming cup of coffee , and informed her that many other barrels , for the events of ancient folk rituals and religious , they would have woken up throughout the summer .
at a brisk pace , under the scorching sun and the alcohol fumes which was not used , exceeded cloves of fields and fruit trees , inventories of a campaign in which she had enjoyed walking with his hand close to his mom .
me december 19 you : thank you so much for that incredibly delicious mango delight fruit cake .
i normally hate fruit cake but the one you gave me tasted absolutely fantastic !
or are you going to buy me a bunch of mango delight fruit cake ?
you have nt bought me a years supply of mango delight fruit cake so that must not be why you re so glad these days .
i m still craving more mango delight fruit cake so ill have to make your recipe this weekend .
or maybe its the fruit cake i like too much .
a bowl of fruit graced the table in the living room along with the last of the wine they d brought from the bistro .
half of the area boasted growing vegetables and fruits , the other half , uncultivated but pleasantly filled with wildflowers surrounding a stone bench .
at home , monique is filling our plates with fresh baked croissants , fruit from our little orchard , seafood she has bought at the market in tours .
here 's fruit flavors , and this aisle has the more odd flavors like buttered popcorn , and down here is the alcohol - flavored ones . ''
two suitcases were nt the only thing she rolled into the cabinthere was also an ice chest filled with sandwiches , snacks , fresh fruit , and beverages .
the scientist motioned to a table of lumps under a sheet and we pulled it open to reveal a delightful array of fruits and cartoon meats that did nt look edible , but we soon discovered they were .
green grass , blue ceiling , timber for town halls , fruit for trees , water for wells , you name it .
as if the man did nt know who carried the food , caroline said and pulled out two bags of her husbands favorite snack plus fruit .
* * * * * annie showered , dressed , forced down some fruit then grabbed her keys .
` ` you have something that picks your fruit for you ?
we have fruit , veggies , sandwiches , and whatever .
would this present happen to be coming from a store with a little fruit on its sign ?
your shampoo smells like fruit , but your lotion is vanilla , which means your boy pops a hard - on every time someone walks by with a piece of pie .
so maybe give it one more shot , to keep the poor man from reaching for that forbidden fruit .
she pushes a bowl of fruit in his direction .
she read out of her notebook -- the menu will include : fruit platter , egg rolls , asian pot stickers , bruschetta and mushroom brie crostini .
it ll take a year then well prune the hell out of them , so they wo nt produce any fruit for at least another year .
roses give an early warning if there s powdery mildew on the leaves fungus will wreck the fruit .
i took the salad bowl to the table , along with the bread , assortments of dressings , mashed potatoes , leftover slices of ham , and various fruits .
while bay looked around in awe at the abundant lush flowers and fruit trees arranged around the place , tuck easily turned the truck around and backed it up to the garage .
after that hilda returned to the kitchen and a few minutes later she returned with a tray and two plates heaped high with different kinds of food : scrambled eggs , french toast , and an array of sliced fresh fruit .
strain out the fruits and other non - drinkable ingredients and serve it warm in glass mugs .
a treasure trove of red vines , gummy bears , licorice whips , fruit slices , red hots , and tropical dots stacked in disorderly piles .
i could usually tell them apart by their nailskathryn was natural and unpolished , karyn was french - manicured , while kelly was all - acrylic and more than a little scary around ripe fruit .
we were on the back deck , plates of eggs benedict and exotic fruit perched on our knees , when i heard the melodious tenor of his voice .
me , i had to balance my candy - rich diet with a carb - free fruit and cheese plate .
to a vampire , we smell like bruised fruit , like something that went wrong with the virus .
this is the fruit of my gamble , yugo looked around .
i could be preparing the quiz my students will surely complain about , i could be getting stung by a bee , i could be eating a cactus prickly fruit with the stickers still on .
she had nt gotten any strange cravings like pickles in ice cream but she did crave ordinary things like milk , fruit , and breakfast food during all hours .
elise , who was drinking her fruit juice , just left the straw hanging from her mouth .
avocado is merely a fruit .
* * * why did you buy so many fruits and vegetables ?
and that s how he ended up with all these fruits and vegetables .
before he parted ways with hunter , he d even drummed into his ears that he must tell clarice to eat all those fruits and vegetables , especially the apples , and had given him a note regarding the research on apples too .
i thought you might like to eat some fruits and vegetables since you re pregnant now , max uttered , looking away , knowing he was lying again .
hence , they came up with this elaborate plan at the grocery store , where he had forced max to carry all the many fruits and vegetables he d bought for clarice .
clarice said , scanning the array of fruit on her platter .
why was everyone forcing her to eat fruits ?
then he watched clarice with concern as she just forked around her fruits .
do nt you want to eat the fruit i ordered for you ?
why did you order me a fruit platter ?
i do nt like fruit all that much , not enough to eat it all the time .
he released a deep sigh and went to pay for their meals , knowing full well that clarice would not be eating any more of the fruit he ordered for her .
are you interested in that old fruit ?
both men washed up at the sink then sat down to enjoy pot roast , mashed potatoes , steamed vegetables , and fruit salad .
hunter and janet were provided a light meal of chicken salad sandwiches and some cut up fruit prepared by mrs . mckinney .
would you mind going to the cellar and look for another can of fruit of some kind ?
ill take the cottage cheese and fruit plate then .
to make matters worse , she was forbidden fruit now that she worked for my family .
then the camera zoomed out to reveal a big cake in front of the youngster , all covered in pink and yellow icing and decorated with fruit .
smart girl , mr . collins said , they stayed in forests and caves and they collected fruit and hunted animals to eat .
rows of turned up soil , new brown stakes with white tags fluttering on their tops , and little green shoots just peeking out of stems of fruit trees .
he grew most of the produce she used in her restaurant on his organic farm and the quality of his fruits and vegetables were a large part of her restaurants success .
evelyn more books by evelyn adams the southern heart series feel like home ( jude and autumn ) loving bailey ( bailey and trace ) coming soon : jude and autumns wedding novella practical arrangement ( travis and summer ) studio 1247 erotic romance series love unbound bound to please bound with pleasure the forbidden fruit erotic romance series love unlocked love uncovered love unwrapped love unlocked , uncovered and unwrapped box set for the billionaires pleasure wired coming soon : wrapped bailey southerlands big chefs knife paused mid - stroke as she looked from the lemons on her cutting board to the man pounding on the glass door of her restaurant .
feeling the need to start my day right , i decided to make a quick fruit salad with grapes , strawberries , pineapple and cantaloupe topped with a banana and sour cream dressing .
covered with a creamy butter and wine sauce and surrounded by some exotic fruit i could nt identify .
the twins , sharing a porch step and a banana , divided their interest between keeping an eye on their daddy and seeing who could make the funniest face by squishing mashed fruit between their teeth .
she stood , pirouetted to the antique butchers block that stood against the wall , retrieved a banana from a fruit bowl and returned to the table .
i have tea , coffee , cookies , crackers , and fruit .
seth had gone out once and bought as much water as he could along with extra tinned fruit and vegetables .
ill make a couple fruit dips as well , so there s something sweet , but not overly sugary .
connect with natalie at : website : http : //www.nataliegowens.com facebook profile page : http : //www.facebook.com / profile.php ? id=563297082 facebook author page : http : //www.facebook.com / pages / natalie - g - owens - author/24911987111 twitter : https : //twitter.com / natalie_g_owens goodreads : http : //www.goodreads.com / user / show/4527498 - natalie - g - owens other books by natalie g. owens moonlight dating series everything to lose something to live for the valthreans series an eternity of roses eternelles series inescapable seraphine - a prequel adrastria - a prequel indomitable a kind of judgment an inconvenient debt ( a faustian fantasy tale ) tales from the mist sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter .
she took a deep breath for courage before launching into her plan , what do you think about extending the space to four or five yards behind the rear wall of the gardeners cottage and building a fourth wall to completely enclose the garden with , maybe , a greenhouse , some cold frames for hardening off seedlings and perhaps espaliered fruit trees along the wall ?
she had already formulated a loose plan for the extra space in her mind the additional high south facing wall would provide both passive solar heating for the greenhouses that she wanted for tender seedlings , extended - season fruits and vegetables and vertical space to train roses and espaliered fruit trees .
she had already formulated a loose plan for the extra space in her mind the additional high south facing wall would provide both passive solar heating for the greenhouses that she wanted for tender seedlings , extended - season fruits and vegetables and vertical space to train roses and espaliered fruit trees .
there d be beds full of fragrant herbs , fruits growing for the chateaus kitchen and the cottage , once renovated , could be surrounded with pretty annuals and perennials .
then , when rosie had started to get fractious early in the proceedings , she had beckoned her to her , settling the little girl on her lap and pulling another picture book in english this time , - from the voluminous bag as well as a small container full of pieces of fruit .
he remembered that he had seen her drinking orange the previous night , do you drink anything other than fruit juice ?
she took in her surroundings : cushions , gauzy curtains , walls painted cream with lurid red accents , a bowl of plastic fruit heavy on the apples , bananas and dates .
so , i think ill make some belgium waffles and fruit .
we ate the waffles and fruit , making casual conversation about work and some of the projects max had let me take on since i became his assistant supervisor .
he grabbed a banana from the fruit bowl and started to peel it .
isabelle leans on the island , taking in the spread of fresh fruit , bacon , and toast .
eggs , toast , fruit , even a sprig of basil on the side : fresh and simple , expertly done .
a girl with hair the color of fruit punch slammed against kyle , wrapping her inked arms around him .
i would n't accept candy or free rides or anything just vegetables , fruits , grains , and some water .
frannie took out a chatterbox and asked for a platter of fresh fruit to be brought up .
there were turtles , fruit trees , and wild pigs , the bounty of a tropical paradise .
issy was currently decorating an impressive looking cake with white frosting and glazed fruit .
and there was even a plate of freshly cut fruit : cantaloupe , strawberries , kiwi , and banana .
but each has a medium in which it will flourish , mature and produce flowers and fruit .
his locker was piled high with fruit and chocolates and of course bottles of lucozade , the irish remedy for everything !
helen opined its called the big apple because its like the forbidden fruit of the bible .
eventually we could get into fruit bushes such as blueberry and cranberry .
there are many possibilities for expanding with additional herbs , vegetables and fruits .
i opened the refrigerator and bent down to get the container of fruit salad .
i looked up for my fruit salad .
she waited for mark as he paid for a container filled with fruit and a box of pastries .
just needed the fruit and pastries .
they just saw themselves as fruit growers .
still processing information about the account , kira hungrily ate the fruit and nut protein bar .
in high school , she worked all summer on a farm picking fruit and vegetables to save up to buy it second hand .
kira discovered ian had prepared her french toast , fresh fruit , and coffee .
i leaned against a tree trunk , mesmerized by the yellowish - orange fruit , and picked a handful .
she knew there was probably a much better time and way to thank beth , but after the experience they d just endured , she seriously doubted flowers or a fruit basket would be appropriate .
he is tall like the cedars of lebanon his fruits are sweet to our taste his heart is a temple the clouds wreathe his head his brow is sovereign amongst the heavens the grasses of the field bend gladly beneath his feet .
a branch that shall bear fruit the light grew and day stole back into the world , but ruby was lost in the darkness , impervious to the seductions of the light .
you want the cherry on top or is fruit too healthy for you ? ''
he had brought chicken salad croissants , a plate full of vegetables and fruit , baked chips , and brownies for dessert .
these were not people who had cereal and fruit to start the day .
' we should have our own produce here : potatoes , vegetables , fruit .
at the opposite end of the room there was a bar with trays of fresh fruit , salads , sandwiches and pitchers of juice and ice water .
it was a family tradition , one john had started when , at the age of two , he had used his mother 's favorite lipstick to recolor the impressive rows of fruit salad on joe 's dress uniform .
and there was joe , decked out in his air force uniform with more rows of fruit salad on it than should be allowed .
she took the small bowl from robin 's tray and replaced it with a fresh fruit salad , shaking her head the entire time .
gareth stood at a corner stall , feigning interest in a vendor 's fruit , keeping his head low , his cloak on .
he anxiously fingered the fruit , pretending to be interested .
as the woods narrowed in on them , thor looked around at this exotic place , the forest floor lined with thorns and strange fruits .
there were fountains , unusual trees of all types , fruit orchards , ripe with early summer fruits , and fields of flowers , of every size and shape and color .
there were fountains , unusual trees of all types , fruit orchards , ripe with early summer fruits , and fields of flowers , of every size and shape and color .
the fields were filled with fruits and colored flowers , and there was the sound of music and festivities .
fruits fell off the trees .
no , he thought , watching the governor 's hand twitch and hover indecisively over the fruit bowl .
loud screams came from the garden below , and he glanced out , to see a flock of small , brightly coloured parrots swooping in and out of a big , lacy tree with yellowish fruit .
cherry strongly resembled that eponymous fruit , but being younger and more slender than fettes , had more breath .
while round the corner , a pavement of fitted stones stretched wider than the whole river ness , and those stones covered from one side to the other in barrows and wagons and stalls , rioting with fruit and vegetables and flowers and fish and meat ... she 'd given michael back his filthy handkerchief and was panting like a dog , turning her face to and fro , trying to draw all the wonderful smells into herself at once .
sister eustacia had been very kind , taking her and a couple of other new postulants round the walled estate , showing them the big gardens where the convent grew medicinal herbs and fruit and vegetables for the table , the chapel where devotions were held six times a day , plus mass in the mornings , the stables and kitchens , where they would take turns working - and the great hopital des anges , the order 's main work .
luckily , the salmon was so huge that sister george arranged for the fish - seller to deliver it to the convent , along with the other briny purchases , and so they had room in their baskets for fresh vegetables and fruit , and so passed from neptune 's realm to that of demeter .
who the hell had put the damn citrus fruits on the top shelf instead of the fridge ?
she took a sip and enjoyed the crisp bite of fruit and spark on her tongue .
but he was there ... and the bed was littered with a bizarre assortment of items : lemons , over - the - counter pill bottles , jars of cooking spices , some kind of skinny blue wristbands , a box of fruit popsicles , a box of saltines , bags of potato chips , bottles of ginger ale .
plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables , '' he emphasized .
i ' ve been eating well , with lots of fresh fruit and vegetables . ''
daisy asked , helping herself to a few seedless red grapes from the fruit bowl on the table .
i can still remember the pickers ' camps - especially when the air smells of ripe fruit .
she waited until he 'd drowned his slice of meat loaf in catsup and loaded his plate with fruit salad and mashed potatoes before she broached the subject of his letter .
her mother was busy cutting fresh fruit for a gelatin salad , one of her brother 's favorites , as joy recalled .
the next morning , they ate breakfast in bed , feeding each other fruit and feeling like a honeymooning couple again .
this was not what he had envisioned at all , not still life studies of vases filled with flowers or boring fruit bowels .
` ` i saw a very tempting bowl of fruit on the refreshment table .
i ' ve got fruit , i ' ve got bananas , do you like bananas ? ''
an hour later she and brant strolled through the art gallery by themselves after they 'd shared an afternoon tea of pineapple scones , finger sandwiches and a delicious tropical fruit platter .
a few hours later the two of them sat at an outdoor cafe not far from the exhibition , sipping at fruit daiquiris .
and cherries counted as a fruit ... ) , she found she was too tired to make it through the monologue on the daily show .
josie grabbed a clementine from the bowl of fruit on the table and pierced the sweet , loose skin with one of the same nails she 'd nearly cracked when the limp pot holder had whacked her head .
josie started to unpeel a banana from laura 's fruit bowl .
i have some people bringing drinks and fruit but no one signed up for a main course .
he led her to a small fruit bar .
lost in picking fruit and in the contemplation of jaguar demons , magnus looked around at one point and found himself separated from his companions - lost in the green wilderness .
he ignored giuliana 's advice and took a smart step back , and also threw another piece of fruit .
he did not even think to drop the fruit .
he heard it in hot pursuit and fled faster , until all his fruit was gone and he ran right into ragnor .
you are extremely lucky he was distracted from ripping out your throat by the fruit .
you 're so f**king wet and your sounds ... holy fuck , i ... '' and then she was there , holding on to me tight enough to f**k her fist , and every thought became about how smooth she was around my fingers and the fruit plumpness of her lips and tongue .
` ` thomas hunt morgan gave us the chromosome , and now labs across the country give other labs tiny , escapee fruit flies all over the building . ''
he brushes the cool , plump fruit across my bottom lip , and i open to take a bite .
' eggs , bagel , fruit ? '
i yell , and he looks at me like i could possibly be a fruit loop .
i put my phone back in my bag and spot mario on his way over with a box full of cocktail ingredients and fresh fruit .
he instructs , handing me a basket of various fruits from the box .
he dazzles me with his happy face and starts putting the lids on all the tubs of fruit .
he stared at the distant fields , wishing he were walking along the wide rows between the trees , smelling the sweet scent of rich earth and growing fruit .
cold storage for the fruit .
he was like a piece of fruit , slowly going bad from the inside out .
picking fruit or gutting fish .
she 'd walked into the suite to the smell of fresh cut flowers and the sight of a bowl overflowing with fruit .
she loved to talk with them and started preparing some fruit and breads the night before so they had things to munch on while waiting on their hot food .
they reached a certain altitude and the perky flight attendant came back with some fresh fruit and croissants .
fresh fruit , chocolate and flowers were displayed on the table .
you helped me pick out some fruit at the supermarket when you were new in town and i told you i 'd repay the favor , '' he said .
it was the standard european selection of fruit , yogurt , granola , various meats and cheeses , bread , eggs , sausage and hot tea full of cream and sugar .
she took cassie 's stats while she gulped down her meal of oatmeal , toast , and fresh fruit .
she looked out at the fruit trees and could practically feel the burst of flavor on her tongue .
she knew she 'd spent time climbing apple trees and plucking fruit from their branches .
he was satisfied , though , when he noticed that she finished her entire fruit salad .
since i ' m practically living in the hospital , i ' m gaining too much weight , '' kinsey said as they neared the fruit section .
within a minute , he brought her a large layered cocktail with fruit on a stick .
a violinist was playing for a small crowd of people sipping wine and eating a variety of cheeses and fruits .
haley nodded with wide , curious eyes , taking the long - stemmed glass and sampling the crisp white liquid , smelling tantalizingly of fruit and oak .
eggs , bacon , sausage , diced fruit with toast , pancakes ?
... asher stood at the stove watching the pancakes while i diced up fruit and mixed smoothies in the blender .
on top of the cart was a platter , and on the platter was an assortment of fruits , with a fondue bowl in a wire holder in the center , and a lit tealight candle beneath the bowl .
she was carrying a tray loaded with a teapot , two cups , and a plate of cheese and fruit .
when he did n't answer , she reached for a piece of fruit .
she 'd propped herself up on an elbow and was nibbling at the fruit and cheese , studying him with a mix of concern and curiosity and the prettiest lingering sexual glow .
he plucked some fruit off the plate .
the wagon was filled with vegetables and fruit , and the owner was currently relieving himself in an alley .
` ` hi damien , '' she said , the name coming off of her tongue as sweetly as if she were tasting an exotic fruit .
overripe , even ... like fruit about to fall off a tree ... how old was she ?
in his mother 's world , ten - year - old boys required fresh fruit , homemade oatmeal cookies ( they were n't so bad ) , half a dozen hard - boiled eggs , a bag of ritz crackers made into sandwiches with jif peanut butter for filling , some celery and carrot sticks ( yuck !
but gage only stood as cal stripped down to his fruit of the looms .
she loved that there were fresh flowers in the room , and a little blue bowl of artfully arranged fresh fruit .
i 'd love some coffee , and do you have any granola - type substance that could possibly be topped with any sort of fruit ? ''
she held the books as if they were made of wormy fruit .
` ` bring her strawberries and fresh fruit from the pike place market . ''
fresh fruit was available in juneau , but it was extremely expensive .
in a matter of minutes , my sister had mixed the drinks and dipped the rims of both glasses in salt ; she 'd also made a virgin drink for hailey , something involving ginger ale and fruit juice .
after talking to her mother in oregon for twenty minutes , she hung up the receiver and fixed herself a healthy lunch of cottage cheese and fresh fruit .
she 'd packed a thick deli sandwich , fruit and a drink as a small thank - you for his thoughtfulness .
among the identifiable remains , she found old tuna fish , green - tinged cottage cheese , rotting fruit and vegetables .
susannah eyed the minestrone soup and fruit plate and found them artfully displayed .
as soon as she was settled , susannah brought her the fruit plate .
` ` i asked him where he was from and he told me he 'd been living in california , and before that , arizona and that he picked fruit in yakima for a season .
her favorites were the reinforced ones used for fruit .
the child waited for her turn and poured anne marie a small paper cup full of juice , which appeared to be some watered - down fruit punch .
the buffet started with a selection of cheeses , olives , brie - stuffed dates and three different salads - a seafood pasta , a caesar with home - made croutons and a fruit salad .
at nine o'clock , after coffee and a dessert of fresh fruit and coconut ice cream , they left with profuse thanks to the owners and staff .
she read labels , talked to the butcher requesting a special cut , and smelled and squeezed the fruit and vegetables .
there was a landscape , a seascape and a still life -- a fruit bowl with what appeared to be one huge pomegranate .
as they walked back to the car , royce pointed to a gnarled , fruit - laden tree at the edge of the grove .
mixers for mimosas had been set up in one corner , and a gourmet breakfast buffet complete with croissants , eggs , fruit , and the works lay spread out .
instead of a birthday cake , i got a fruit basket . ''
he rummaged in the fridge for fruit salad and several wedges of gourmet cheese .
he arranged a tray , pulling bread and crackers from the pantry to accompany the cheese and fruit .
he offered her the fruit and cheese first and then slipped a glass of wine in her free hand .
he 'd ordered a sandwich - tuna salad on a croissant , because god forbid anything as simple as regular bread should be served on this ship - some fruit , and a bottle of water , and he 'd do what he could to choke down some of it before he was forced to make an appearance in the casino .
larkin weaved in and out of the crowd , stopping now and then to admire flowers , exotic fruits , and even exchange a word or two with the locals who had set up shop to sell their wares .
faith ordered room service : hot tea , along with fruit and an assortment of pastries .
five ` ` mom , you 're wearing that goofy look again , '' tanni bliss said as she strolled into the kitchen and selected an apple from the fruit bowl on the table .
` ` it 's a matter of being healthy , eating right , getting in the required number of fruits and vegetables .
she 'd forced herself not to tell bruce that she was worried rachel was n't getting enough fruit and vegetables or high - quality protein .
olivia would ask justine to provide the fruit salad and whatever else she wanted to contribute .
they walked between long stalls , laden with every kind of fruit and vegetable .
she 's on this kick about eating vegetables and fresh fruit .
the reviewer had spent two whole sentences describing her blueberry muffins and homemade fruit cobbler .
bananas were the perfect fruit for people their age , in charlotte 's view .
a beautifully arranged fruit basket stood on the porch .
` ` it looks like there 's a card with the fruit , '' peggy said .
it was addressed to the mcafees at 50 harbor street , so the fruit had been delivered to the right house .
sending the fruit basket to 50 harbor street had breached the sanctity of his home .
but nick thought the orchard that had been sarah 's remained beautiful even after the fruit was plucked and the branches were bare .
an exuberant affection for the trees , be they barren for winter , blossom - laden during spring , bountiful with summer fruit or brilliant with the leaves of autumn .
he could n't remember the last time he 'd actually made a green salad or eaten fresh fruit .
when they entered their suite , teri was awestruck by the huge bouquets of flowers , fruit baskets and bottles of champagne .
once inside , he did a wide sweep of the perimeter , hurrying past the deli , the fresh fruits and vegetables and then the frozen - food section .
) , two steles , all the weapons that would fit , bread , cheese , dried fruit , and mundane money .
a rummage through the saddlebags yielded a stele and a handful of dried fruit .
they had gone to see the cows being milked in st . james 's park , and the fruit and vegetable sellers hawking their wares in covent garden .
she was forbidden fruit , and god knew he wanted a taste .
he cut a selection of cheeses and prepared a small fruit bowl .
after she took a sip of wine , he slid a grape between her lips and listened to her low hum of appreciation as the sweet fruit burst onto her tongue .
she sipped lazily at the wine and yawned before shaking her head when he offered another piece of fruit .
the road becomes a driveway , lined on either side by bare - limbed fruit trees .
in the kitchen , i find a tray filled with fruit and cheese slices on the counter , and an otherwise empty room .
she 'd lusted after forbidden fruit from the moment she 'd seen him .
the air was heavy and hot and she had to duck around carts piled high with dirty dishes from room service and baskets filled with fruit for the tables in the suites .
the few hours she 'd spent with him had helped her realize that her heart was still capable of response , that it had n't shriveled up inside her like an orange left too long in the fruit bowl .
making one was easy , like picking fruit off the ground .
the good decisions were mostly the ones that were difficult , like climbing a tree to get to the fruit at the very top .
she pulled out a tray , which looked as if it held only orange gelatin , fruit juice , coffee , and milk , but any food at all meant drea was capable of feeding herself , rather than being fed by a tube .
i followed him through alleys and narrow side streets , nearly catching him , only to lose him as he leapt over a crate of oranges that i tripped over , scattering fruit and earning an earful of italian curses .
i was nearly flattened by a woman on a vespa darting past me , and then a truck full of produce and fruit .
he eats fresh fruit , his eyes locked intensely on me .
` ` dipping my fingers , my fruit , inside of your body .
i ' ve been living on fruit and cereal and salad , anything to keep from turning on the stove .
a colorful array of fresh vegetables lay on a counter , and there was a bowl of fresh fruit sitting on the center work island .
the bowl of fresh fruit beckoned , and he wolfed down a banana , then half an apple .
some mornings i have cereal and fruit for breakfast .
sally sat beside him , her foot tapping unevenly on the floor as she pawed through the fruit basket on the coffee table .
he moved away from the chalkboard and stood by the table with the fruit .
` ` ... now look at the fruit , really look at it .
she cleared her mind of everything except the fruit .
` ` describe the fruit . ''
the best in art revealed something of the artist 's soul , and elizabeth 's soul had never cared much for fruit .
there was a bowl of fruit on the abbreviated counter and she noticed that the window in the kitchen overlooked an english - style garden .
of late , all she wanted to do was sleep and she had added an extra serving of fruits and vegetables to her diet each day .
he followed the winding walk through bare aspen trees and leafy snowberry shrubs with their white fruits glistening in the afternoon sunlight .
her uncle in minnesota used to send her family a fruit of the month club membership every christmas , and eleanor and her brothers and sister would always fight over the boxes that the fruit came in .
her uncle in minnesota used to send her family a fruit of the month club membership every christmas , and eleanor and her brothers and sister would always fight over the boxes that the fruit came in .
she gave denice her creamed turkey and beebi her fruit cocktail .
tilapia and rice , some fresh fruit and cheese . ''
her lips always tasted sweet , like fruit .
she smelled like a citrus mixture of exotic fruit and flowers .
to someone like declan you must seem like the ultimate forbidden fruit .
` ` bu - but i was going to have fruit , '' beth stammered .
` ` we 'll take some fruit with our breakfast . ''
there were only weeds and the rotting flesh of fallen fruit .
she was carrying a tray of cut fruit .
how many times had roland circled the trees in this orchard , carrying his love 's wide woven basket on his arm , trailing behind her , adoring her slow movements as she plucked red fruit from the branches ?
there was a bustling brightness at the other end of the alley , some sort of busy market where luce caught flashes of fruit and fowl changing hands .
` ` rotund fruit of love !
there were sliced duck served over cabbage , whole hares that had been roasted on spits , cauldrons of baby cauliflowers with a bright orange sauce , high - piled platters of apples , pears , and dried currants harvested from the surrounding forests , and a whole long wooden table filled with misshapen , half - burned pies of meat and fruit .
orchards of silver trees bore the most delicious fruits that had ever existed .
remember nesting in the passion fruit tree in tahiti ?
` ` they sell fruit at quiktrip . ''
i 'll look for the fruit . ''
dean and the woman dodged the fruit punch as it exploded against the ground .
once again , the patio went silent as dean 's face turned a similar shade of red as the fruit punch .
` ` that 's where everyone is congregated , drinking wine and snacking on the fruit and cheese tray . ''
then she gathered up the formula and bottles and tiny jars of strained fruit and vegetables , and wrote out a feeding and sleeping schedule that would have made an air traffic controller proud .
most were like her on the inside , fruit slowly going bad .
only a few short blocks from the historic center of town , this lively market sprang up on a patch of pavement every friday from noon to five : white tent roofs rose above it all like ice - cream peaks ; beneath them , a dazzling , glittering array of fruits and nuts , berries , herbs , vegetables , crafts , and honey .
fruits , nuts , vegetables , and grains .
she stopped chewing on her fingernails and traded her obsession for marijuana and alcohol into one for organic fruits and vegetables .
the small home was dark , but smelled of soap and fruit .
he ignored that and sat next to her , cutting small pieces of the fruit for her to eat .
after our facials , manicures , and pedicures tanya brings us a lunch of sandwiches and fruit salad .
ceecee eats half a sandwich and some fruit .
there 's pancakes , palainke , fruit salad , orange juice , coffee , butter , syrup , and jelly on the table .
the cantaloupe in the fruit salad is perfectly sweet .
i ' m a little surprised that ceecee has managed two pancakes , one palainke , fruit , and juice .
is n't that where the fruit is ? ''
she 's right ... i want fruit !
but the question remains , can i have the fruit i desire ?
and will the fruit treat me right .
she takes us straight to the fruit and vegetable section and puts random items in the cart : strawberries , half a cantaloupe , carrots , tomatoes , celery , apples and avocado .
i hear nat mutter , ` ` okay , no fruit and veg .
i fold the note and put it in my fruit bowl , then i get ready for work .
cole tries to grab the fruit bowl but fruit flies everywhere .
cole tries to grab the fruit bowl but fruit flies everywhere .
how i spent hours getting myself ready for him and that he lost it when he found the note in my fruit bowl .
there was some kind of fruit- but not a candied or sugary fruit .
there were pastries and fruit , toast and nutella , boiled eggs and cheese , and several baci perugina gabriel had bribed a hotel employee to run out and purchase along with the extravagant bouquet of irises from the giardino dell'iris .
` ` for my purposes , the pomegranate represents the edenic fruit , the madonna as the second eve and christ as the second adam .
as they drove , gabriel pointed out a large mixed - fruit orchard that in warmer weather grew figs , peaches , and pomegranates .
at least there 's a fruit basket . ''
` ` i needed to match the song to the fruit , '' he said , his blue eyes sparkling .
with deft fingers he cut a small slice of the fruit , juice dripping from his hands and onto her abdomen .
withdrawing , he cut another slice of fruit .
he gave her a heated look before he brought their lips together , tugging the piece of fruit away with his teeth .
she sat back and languidly ate a piece of fruit in front of him , licking her fingers slowly .
gabriel regarded the way that julia 's countenance fell and quickly abandoned his salad ( which was laden pretentiously with both fruit and nuts ) , and hastily embraced her .
gabriel brought the red fruit to julia 's lips , smiling widely as she took half of it into her mouth before biting down .
he studied the boughs of hanging fruit and chose the largest , ripest red apple before picking a smaller one .
gabriel laughed and moved his hands , extending the fruit in his right palm , the way a child would hold a sugar cube to a pony .
also , some cheese from the cheese shop downstairs , fruit , and a surprise . ''
in front of her sat a plate of fresh fruit , pain au chocolat , and sliced baguette and cheese , most notably brie , mimolette , and gorgonzola .
the sangria was delicious and packed with lots of citrus fruit , which pleased her greatly .
not to mention the complimentary fruit basket the manager always provided for his most important guests .
he walked over to the windows that looked out over logan circle and began rummaging through the fruit basket .
` ` i ordered a fruit basket and a few bottles of sparkling water .
she flushed as red as the fruit but did n't respond .
` ` those rumors are the fruits of miss peterson 's poisonous tree .
the house was located near a mixed fruit tree orchard and boasted an enclosed pool that was bordered on one edge by lavender .
she shook her head , plucking a grape from the fruit bowl and eating it .
or fruit and cheese ? ''
` ` should i make eggs for breakfast , or just fruit and cheese ?
` ` it 's sitting on the table with fruit and a fresh coffee .
i made the hotel reservation for your father yesterday and arranged to have the concierge deliver a fruit basket .
it would seem that her plan to revenge herself on professor giuseppe pacciani was already bearing fruit .
immediately he was struck by the scent of her , which permeated the air with its gentle fruit undertones .
emma was tempted to remind her that one of the main ingredients in fruitcake was dried fruit .
then , before easter , i bake another version that 's similar but without the dried fruit . ''
emma used her fork to break off a small piece and saw that it was chock - full of the dried fruit to which she objected most .
the blend of fruit , nuts , applesauce and alcohol was divine .
cinnamon 2 pounds candied dried fruit mix 1 and a half cups chopped dates cream sugar and butter .
blend in candied fruit , dates , raisins and nuts .
salt cup shortening cup butter 2/3 cup creme de cacao and a half cup cocoa powder 9 eggs pour batter over fruit and nut mixture .
the candied fruits liberally spread throughout the slice made her think of a stained glass window .
this cake really was unusual , filled with nuts and the brilliantly colored candied fruit and something else - something she could n't quite identify .
peggy lucas 's no - bake fruitcake with marshmallows 1 cup raisins ( dark or golden ) 2 cups dates 2 cups mixed candied fruit 4 cups chopped nuts ( you can reduce this to 3 cups if desired ) cup evaporated milk 2 cups marshmallows 2 cups very finely crushed graham crackers mix raisins , dates , candied fruit and chopped nuts in a large bowl .
peggy lucas 's no - bake fruitcake with marshmallows 1 cup raisins ( dark or golden ) 2 cups dates 2 cups mixed candied fruit 4 cups chopped nuts ( you can reduce this to 3 cups if desired ) cup evaporated milk 2 cups marshmallows 2 cups very finely crushed graham crackers mix raisins , dates , candied fruit and chopped nuts in a large bowl .
note : if you use and a half cup candied fruit , and a half cup flaked coconut and 1 cup candied pineapple instead of 2 cups candied fruit , the cake has a tropical taste .
note : if you use and a half cup candied fruit , and a half cup flaked coconut and 1 cup candied pineapple instead of 2 cups candied fruit , the cake has a tropical taste .
and with so many fruits , there is no specific taste .
she was like a sweet piece of fruit , just ready for the picking .
` ` now , how about a dessert plate with a selection of tarts , cheesecake , and some fresh fruit ? ''
outside the front were stands of fresh fruits and vegetables .
fruit trees are seen as giving life ; they bear fruit .
fruit trees are seen as giving life ; they bear fruit .
i find it especially enjoyable combined with syrup as a spread , and chopped fruit inside .
` ` what fruit do you like ? ''
i did n't think to discover what fruits you enjoy , miss tanner . ''
he 's forbidden fruit , and i ' m eve standing in front of the apple .
it 's reddish and there 's a stick in the cup with some fruit speared on it .
a big window framed the limbs of a beautiful old apple tree , decked out in bright green leaves and dotted with tiny new fruit .
it was small and smelled like fruit and soap .
curse lemons and any fruit trying to cause him to sin in the worst of ways .
the exquisite lines , the depth of feeling , the divine spark of one created in the image of god - no maggoty bowl of fruit could hope to compete with that .
or was he just a sentient bowl of fruit as far as she was concerned , an interesting problem for her to resolve in lights and darks ?
she 'd been talking about a certain fruit pie .
i blinked at the food - fruits , vegetables , milk , lunch meat , juice .
he 'd picked out two other drawings - one of a horse that i 'd done years ago , and a still life with a bowl of wax fruit that i hardly even remembered .
no one was going to look into a bowl of fruit and feel like i 'd touched some long - forgotten childhood memory .
` ` i 'll be sure to send him a fruit basket . ''
fruit trees marched across the pasture in a dozen perfect rows toward the barbed - wire fence line , their symmetry broken only by a weathered wooden barn and a few outbuildings .
every now and then a breeze came through , rustling the leaves and releasing the delicate scent of fruit .
the cool autumn night wrapped around him , wreathed him in the tangy scents of ripening fruit and dying leaves .
he passed an apple tree and grabbed several , stuffing the ripe , red fruit into his sack .
` ` a difficult job ... picking fruit ? ''
you will then go to the apple orchard - it 's in the west pasture , along the stream - and begin to pick and sort the ripe fruit .
no other fruit farmer i ' ve worked for does that .
i have always harvested the fruit here , and that 's how / do it .
ripe fruit parts easily from the stem .
the farm lay wreathed in darkening shadows ; the fruit trees were jet black skeletons against the gray night sky .
` ` smell the fruit .
it hit with a thunk that sent tiny bits of fruit flying .
the fruit had been picked and preserved and stacked and stored , the fields had been readied for the coming winter , the last colorful autumn leaves had fallen .
it 's where the fruit is . ''
he wrapped her in it and smiled at a young girl who brought in a tiny tray with a bottle of water and few pieces of chocolate and a paper plate filled with cut fruit .
farmers stood behind colorful and heaped up mounds of fruits and produce , jars of honey gave off an amber glow , a street entertainer danced and juggled while a young man sat at an easel , doing quick sketches for the people who paused to buy his wares .
an apple pie sat on a long wooden table near his left arm , he shoved chunks of it in his mouth occasionally , mumbling through the crumbling pastry and sweetly spiced fruit .
doubts swirled through her like fruit pureeing in a blender .
he slid the sketch out from under the plate containing her scrambled eggs , canadian bacon and fruit .
the fruit was being offered by a serpent painted to resemble a copperhead .
although , technically , eve did n't put on her fig leaves until after she ate the fruit .
tulane sat there watching for the better part of an hour while sarah and kenny each downed a large cup of lori 's punch , as if that stuff were only fruit juice and not laced with both dark and light rum .
the next time someone hands you a fruit drink , you should ask . ''
i guess i was naive and stupid about the spiked fruit juice . ''
he had to struggle to keep a smile from his lips ; now that he 'd tasted this forbidden fruit , he was completely hooked .
we always make a fruit crostrata in the summer , a kind of pie .
elise pointed to a bowl of peaches and plums on a nearby counter and said , ` ` if you peel the fruit , i 'll make the pastry for it .
` ` i was n't sure what you 'd like for breakfast , so i had the cook prepare a variety of foods , '' he referenced the plates of fruits and breads .
rachid filled a small plate with fruit and cake - like breads .
when he saw the half - eaten plate of fruit in front of his business partner , he asked sarcastically , ` ` how was lunch ? ''
a servant entered with a tray of fruits , dips and a variety of breads .
jeisa unlocked the door to her office now and smiled when she saw the fruit basket on her desk .
there was nothing else to do , so i got up and made my way down to the snack car , where i was promptly informed that they were out of everything except some floppy microwaved pizza discs , two muffins , a few candy bars , a bag of nuts , and some sad - looking fruit .
rachel 's face looked like it was going to split in two , like a piece of overripe fruit .
lena shrugged , concentrating on slicing the fruit .
she meandered down the cobblestone streets , watched the street performers , and stole fruit from carts - since everything seemed to be free .
a female demon stood at one of the fruit carts , giving tam the once - over .
a balladeer , chestnut sellers , apple - women crying the virtues of their wizened fruit .
his mind felt soggy , and tender , like a bruised fruit .
one of them had dropped a fruit from her box ; it rolled at his feet , vivid on the pavement , and he picked it up and turned to call after her , but the girls had gone .
he tossed the fruit in the air and caught it again .
it was true ; the lawns spread a stately distance before and behind , and edging the back lawn were terraces of roses and other flowering bushes , with a walled garden to the left that was likely the kitchen garden ; grey saw what looked like espaliered fruit trees poking up above the plastered wall .
` ` but , before you get busy peeling any fruit , we should unpack . ''
biting into the fruit , she surveyed the near surrounds but cole was nowhere to be seen .
i was proud of the array : fresh seasonal fruit , a selection of french cheeses , and the flakiest croissants i 'd ever tasted .
i 'd imagined ben praising my choice of cheeses and exotic fruits .
he dug into the bags , pulling out containers of fruit along with muffins , scrambled eggs , thick slices of bacon , and toast .
i showed gabriel how to go about picking fruit and vegetables .
while eating a light meal of pancakes and fruit , i 'd asked , ` ` i thought you were busy today . ''
she had learned long ago that to try to argue her case merely ensured an even longer , more furious rant , so simply chose a piece of toast and some fruit and started to turn away .
i remember beefsteaks and pancakes , grains and fruits and vegetables , that quaint little food pyramid .
green shoots coming through the dirt are all well and good but we do n't strictly need all these fruits and vegetables .
' she got all pure after she started dating that kelvin kid , but man , for a year or so she was ripe fruit . '
a heavily cut wooden island held baskets filled with fresh fruit and cloves of garlic , herbs sunk in bottles brimmed with olive oil , dry pastas , and red , ripe tomatoes .
the citrusy scents of wood and fruit rose to her nostrils .
as if the outside layers peeled off to reveal the ripe pulp of fruit beneath , alexa felt exposed to him .
an endless length of granite countertop slashed down the right side of the kitchen and held various jars and baskets of fresh fruit .
terra - cotta pots lined the colorful cobblestones and burst with various herbs and fruit plants , just waiting to sprout at the first sign of spring .
her mother chatted with sawyer and wolfe while she made the espresso and pulled out a variety of fruit , cheese , figs , and apple tarts .
we ' ve always held a solid reputation for the best organic fruit in the hudson valley .
he 'd tasted her forbidden fruit and now needed to claim her permanently .
his mouth watered to taste and suck on the ripe fruit .
garrett stopped at a sidewalk store selling fresh fruit .
he dressed , pulling on the freshly washed clothes that one of senora trejos 's daughters had brought , along with a tray of fruit , bread and cheese .
after selecting a piece of orange from the tray , she bit into the juicy fruit as she watched him pull his dark green undershirt over his head .
he left before he completely lost his temper with her , and jane munched on more of the fruit , terribly grateful for something fresh to eat .
she thought of pouring the lime juice in his lap , but her stomach growled and revenge took a distant second place to putting something in her empty stomach , even if it was just fruit juice .
she studied the array of fruits , cheeses and chocolates .
` ` there are pastries in the cabinet to your left and eggs , sausage , fruit and cheese in the refrigerator . ''
the table was loaded with sliced turkey , creamy potatoes , giblet gravy , stuffing , fresh broccoli , sweet potatoes and fruit salad .
as far as carol was concerned , another week was too long to wait , even if she was certain she bore the desired fruit from her night with steve .
for all she knew , he might have brought along apples , or oranges , or omitted fruit altogether .
erin was in the kitchen with ginger romano , slicing pineapple into a large stainless - steel bowl for a fresh fruit salad they were making for the evening meal .
a long - necked giraffe nibbled foliage from a bright green apple tree heavy with luscious fruit .
normally she fixed herself something small to eat - a piece of toast with a piece of fruit - but she did n't want anything to coat her vocal cords before she sang .
riley 's hands continued their downward progression , resting on the swell of her abdomen that was their growing child , reminding him of the rich fruit their lovemaking had planted .
the fruit of his desire for a beautiful woman who had come to him in grief and pain - only riley had been so absorbed by her beauty and her purity that he had n't noticed .
fruits and veggies were okay once in a while , but this guava tree that gen seemed so excited about did n't do much for him .
she wondered if he wore fruit of the loom or hanes or jockeys , like the pair the king had left in her grandmother 's bedroom .
` ` i think you 're right , '' he said , and took the dripping piece of fruit .
you 're an entire fruit salad . ''
then he would move on , eliminating her bib , her pajama top , and especially her pajama bottoms so that he could sample fruits sweeter than any blackberry ever invented .
she was sitting across from a fruit of the loom poster boy .
eve , on the other hand , was usually behind schedule , distracted by the ideas churning in her head like fruit in a blender .
whatever this professional - grade stuff was , they 'd flavored it with fruit , and raspberries were fast becoming his favorite taste thrill .
` ` and they 're both fruits , '' myrtle said .
there 's some fruit involved .
or maybe it was the gigantic basket of fruit , cheese , and wine sitting on the minuscule dresser that made the room seem even tinier .
one little mention of spanking and jared was delivering giant fruit baskets and expecting a rendezvous in his cabin asap .
` ` a fine array of pastries and fruit is also available on the terrace on a deck .
` ` i am so , so sorry , '' cora said for the hundredth time as lex , gillian , dante , and little ben all sat eating pastries and fruit on a deck .
it would n't cause her distress if ' t was a little while longer before her womb bore fruit .
it had been his wish for his seed to bear fruit with all haste so as to further seal his leadership over his new clan .
` ` would you like me to bring fresh fruit to the table ? ''
i put woods ' fruit on my tray and grabbed the drinks everyone had ordered before going back into the dining room .
` ` here 's your fruit . ''
every time a foster family had given up on lexi , returned her like a piece of fruit gone bad , ms . watters had been there , waiting with a sad little smile .
now , though , the boxes and papers and bows were put away , and they were at the table , eating their traditional holiday meal - eggs florentine with fresh fruit and homemade cinnamon rolls .
we 're out of fruit , '' miles said evenly .
because she kept zach 's house stocked with food , she knew she 'd find everything she needed for waffles , scrambled eggs , and a fruit plate .
in the kitchen , adrienne had set the table and was carrying the last two bowls to the table , one with toast , the other with sliced fruit .
she pulled out some cheese , the fruit that had been left over from breakfast , and the chicken from the night before , stacking it with the ice , thinking it was n't a gourmet meal , but good enough in case nothing else was available .
then he found himself unable to look away from the fullness of her lips as they closed about the juicy fruit .
her expression was thoughtful as she chewed and swallowed the fruit before innocently licking the excess juice from the plumpness of her lips .
' i am sure he will recover all too soon , ' he murmured distractedly as he reached out to pierce another piece of fruit before holding it temptingly in front of ellie .
' perhaps you should eat the fruit yourself ?
for there could be no other reason why justin gave every appearance of behaving like a besotted fool , enticing his ladylove with succulent titbits of fruit .
justin considered himself to be neither besotted nor a fool , eleanor rosewood was most certainly not his ladylove - nor would she ever be - and the only enticing that had ever interested him , where any woman was concerned , took place between silken sheets - and it was fruit of the forbidden kind !
i think she spat in my fruit cup this morning .
with a laugh nick said , ` ` yeah there 's something about finding out your daughter is a fruit loop .
diane ordered some egg whites - only abomination and a fruit cup as he made attempts at idle chit - chat .
about an hour ago , they 'd gone scouting in the kitchen and come up with a plate of cheese and crackers and fruit , which they 'd taken back into bed with them .
she 'd prepared some hearty sandwiches with lots of fruit and a bottle of wine , crusty bread , cheeses , a jar of fine pickles , and an unexpected treat .
god , she 'd only given him a common courtesy and eaten a bite of fruit .
two lounges sat in the living room to the right of the foyer , with a room service tray that held complimentary champagne and a plate of strawberry fruit cups .
selecting a banana from the fruit bowl on the kitchen counter , she ate that while reheating a cup of coffee in the microwave .
one arm leaning on the shelf where the dwindling stock of winter apples was spread , he idly caressed one of the fruits , a forefinger slowly stroking the round yellow cheek of it .
no vegetables , no fruit .
` ` blessed is the fruit of thy womb , jesus ... '' my thumb was on the pulse of the carotid artery .
dressed in their best , and accompanied by their parents , the two young people had sat together on a bench before the assembled people of the village , and exchanged baskets - his containing the furs of sable and beaver , and a good knife , symbolizing his willingness to hunt for her and protect her ; hers filled with grain and fruit and vegetables , symbolizing her willingness to plant , gather , and provide for him .
here and there one gaped to show its fangs , guarding scattered red fruit .
several of the hens , slightly less stupid than their sisters , were roosting like huge , ripe fruits in the lower branches , heads buried in their feathers .
madame came to my sitting room each morning , to consult me on the menu for the day , and to present me with the list of expenditures deemed necessary for the provisioning of the kitchen - fruit , vegetables , butter , and milk from a farm just outside the city , delivered fresh each morning , fish caught from the seine and sold from a barrow in the street , along with fresh mussels that poked their sealed black curves from heaps of wilting waterweed .
no longer deterred by jamie 's glowering presence , the gentlemen of the court descended upon me like a flock of parrots on a ripe passion fruit .
there was a good deal of activity on the street , early as it was ; maids and footmen engaged in scrubbing steps or polishing brass gate - fittings , barrowmen selling fruit , vegetables , and fresh seafood , crying their wares along the street , and the cooks of the great houses popping up from their basement doors like so many jinni , summoned by the cries of the barrowmen .
the flesh was soft as ripe fruit , though , and tender beneath her fingers .
i lay awake at night , gazing at the white - gesso ceiling with its furbishes of fruit and flowers .
` ` but i believe they eat the fruits of their labors . ''
he shared the highlanders ' innate suspicion of fresh fruit and vegetables , though his great appetite made him willing to eat almost anything in extremity .
` ` well , i daresay you came as rare and refreshing fruit to her . ''
however , flourishing incongruously among the invading trees were the remains of a small peach orchard , the fruit of it burstingly ripe and swarming with bees .
we had eaten as much as we could , slept in the shelter of the ruins , then risen before dawn and loaded the wagon with heaping mounds of smooth gold fruit , all juice and velvet .
the odor - reducing properties of these fruits worked as well on skunk oil as on the lesser stinks of human waste , but in neither case was the neutralizing effect complete .
evidently , stabbing the lieutenant through the heart with a fruit knife was n't on - at least not until he had signed the requisition order - so i did the next best thing i could think of ; i picked up the whisky bottle and refilled his cup to the brim .
jamie picked up the letter from his sister , eyed it as though it might contain something explosive , and set it gently down by the fruit bowl on the table .
he prised off the seal with the tip of the silver fruit knife , and opened the letter , scanning the first page .
it was late july , and the scent of ripening fruit from the orchard was sweet , so heavy on the air that i could almost taste the clean , crisp tang of new apples .
` ` flowers , fruit and leaves all together at the one time .
the white flowers are for honor , and red fruit for courage - and the green leaves are for constancy . ''
` ` and the fruit is the shape of a heart , '' he said softly , and bent to kiss me .
of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil ? ''
and then we shared the fruit and flowers , and the green leaves covering all .
as for the daily bread , that had been coming through as dependably as manna , so far ; at this time of year , there was an abundance of ripe nuts , fruits and berries , which i collected as industriously as any squirrel .
also , with many plants , it was the flower , fruit , or seed that yielded a useful substance , and while i 'd spotted clumps of turtlehead and lobelia sprouting in the mud along the path , those had long since gone to seed .
also a large boiling kettle , whose acquisition we have celebrated with a great quantity of tasty stew , made with venison , wild onions from the wood , dried beans , and likewise some tomatoe - fruits , dried from the summer .
i drew in my skirts to keep them away from a big elderberry bush , and stooped to look at the fruit .
i had found this one in a sheltered spot , a few of the distinctive fruits still clinging to its stalk .
` ` tell me , '' he said without opening them , ` ` why is it that you seem so convinced that a man could not care for a child unless it were the fruit of his loins ?
i should brew a fresh bucket of spruce beer to go with the roast venison , though ... as i wandered toward the herb shed to see if i had any maypop fruits for flavoring , my eye caught a movement at the far edge of the clearing .
it was beautiful in the orchard , and i greatly enjoyed wandering through the cool mist of the scottish morning , fingering through the damp leaves of the fruit trees for the bright cherries and smooth , plump apricots , squeezing gently to judge the ripeness .
the voices of the women picking fruit grew fainter as i worked my way toward the edge of the orchard , stooping or dropping on hands and knees to gather the fragile stalks .
the soft velvet lips plucked the fruit delicately out of hamish 's palm , and flicked it back between the huge molars , where it vanished with a juicy crunch .
he leaned the fork against a stall and bit into the proffered fruit .
a faint scent of ripe fruit and fresh - cut hay floated on the breeze .
without question , sir marcus lumbered to the gleaming french walnut sideboard and rummaged through the drawers with a prodigious clatter , emerging at last with a pearl - handled fruit knife .
sir marcus laid down the fruit knife .
this was the last day of the gathering ; tonight there would be marryings and christenings , the formal blessing of love and its riotous fruits , sprung from the loins of the unchurched multitude during the year before .
` ` no doubt it is sweeter to taste stolen fruit than to wait on a blessing from a shriveled priest . ''
he and bree had breakfasted with mrs . cameron in her tent this morning off china painted with roses : slices of succulent fried ham , studded with cloves , oatmeal porridge with cream and sugar , a compote of preserved fruit , fresh corn dodgers with honey , jamaican coffee ... his stomach contracted with a pleasant growl of recollection .
` ` it 's the tomato fruits she 's using , mac dubh , '' he hissed , tugging at jamie 's sleeve and pointing at the red - crusted bowl .
yet i had seen great quantities of food in that front room as we passed - hanging hams , barrels of dried fruit and salt fish and sauerkraut .
the tiny face and hairless skull were blue - white , the features closed and sere as the husk of a winter fruit .
mrs . bug brought out a basket of apples , and gathered all the young unmarried girls together in a corner of the kitchen , where - with much giggling and glancing over shoulders toward the young men - each peeled a fruit , keeping the peeling in one piece .
the waning moon was low in the sky , but still shed light enough to see the brick path through the garden ; the espaliered fruit trees spread black as spiderwebs against the walls .
we had milk , butter , and cheese to trade ; potatoes and grain , pork and venison , fresh vegetables and dried fruit , a little wine made from the scuppernong grapes of the autumn past .
the apple trees in the orchard were young , still slender , but bearing decently , providing a small yellowish - green fruit that would n't have impressed luther burbank , but which did have a nice crunchy texture and a tart flavor - an excellent antidote to the greasy taste of pigeon livers .
it was a dry year , sungi said , frowning critically at the trees ; not so much fruit as the year before , and the corn was not so good , either .
conversation lapsed then , as we spread out through the orchard , gathering ripe fruit from the trees , while the younger girls gathered the windfalls from the ground .
one woman sported an extravagant hat , decorated with feathers and fruit , worn atop an ancient overcoat .
numbers of small crustaceans , not nearly so fastidious in their habits , swarmed merrily over the carcass , and i saw several people , also armed with buckets , picking the larger crabs and crayfish off like ripe fruit .
she did n't look much better now ; there were circles under her eyes , and her skin looked bruised and drawn , like a fruit beginning to go bad .
erik also has some lovely fruit trees down by the creek . ''
` ` fruit trees ?
aundy asked , excited at the prospect of growing her own fruit .
instead , her practical nature ruled over her emotions as she went to the storage shed where dent kept things they might need and found several old fruit crates .
she may have covered it in frosting , served it with freshly whipped cream or topped it with fruit .
taking a deep breath , he glanced across the room at a painting of fruit and flowers .
instead he pictured melanie opening her petals to him , and himself as the banana in the fruit bowl .
the meal was incredible - a gourmet version of eggs benedict , a bowl of sliced fruit , warm croissants with butter and jam , and the best coffee she 'd ever been privileged to drink .
the hours were packed with a blur of images - their private tour of the louvre , a candlelit dinner at the eiffel tower , an early morning visit to notre dame , cafe au lait sipped at a sidewalk cafe , an afternoon stroll past brilliant flower stalls and fruit markets , and an evening boat ride on the seine .
he 'd looked forward to offering her the gourmet food onboard his plane , and she was gratifyingly appreciative of the cheese souffle , glazed fruit , and steamed veggies .
he plopped an array of fruits onto the counter , and i plucked a grape .
i liked fruit and all , but please .
because of a piece of fruit ?
she 'd make eyes and a nose and a mouth with fruit and then cover it all with syrup . ''
` ` my grandmother once told me you could spot the rotten fruit in our family tree because we all bear this ' bruise . ' ''
` ` what you do not see , however , is that even bruised fruit sometimes has salvageable parts .
i dove into the fresh fruit bowl on the table , and then eagerly waited for the waiter to arrive .
she added a bowl of fresh fruit , a bran muffin , and a slice of tomato .
` ` fresh fruit , yogurt and peanut butter . ''
i drank the pb and fruit smoothie - which was actual y quite tasty - and gathered my things for class .
we stay all along the edges of the store buying fruits , vegetables , the best cheeses , dark chocolate , sprouted grains , and nuts .
nora is supposed to visit during the day so melanie can go to work , but instead of nora appearing after mel brings some fruit and cottage cheese for us to breakfast on , i get to hear melanie call me from outside my bedroom , saying , ` ` brookey !
also , pineapple is the fruit of the moment .
i pick at my salad and keep hydrating with natural fruit juice , merely because my temples have been throbbing all day .
dessert was arroz con leche and a selection of fruits .
it was walled and , thanks to a number of fruit trees between it and the buildings , relatively private .
when want drove my mother to steal fruit from his orchard , don pedro 's steward apprehended her .
` ` one of five , '' the attendant said , returning with a fruit and cheese tray .
she watched , lips parted , as he ran the dripping fruit between her br**sts , leaving a cool trail of champagne on her skin .
he was the serpent standing there holding out the forbidden fruit to her .
her flavor exploded on his tongue , sweet and sultry as a damn aphrodisiacal fruit .
she was forbidden fruit .
jace would still go ballistic - after all , mia would always be his baby sister - but gabe was willing to take the risk to finally taste forbidden fruit .
he handed her a plate with a toasted bagel and cream cheese and a small bowl of diced fruit .
she took a tentative bite of the bagel , deciding dry bread would be more appealing than the moist fruit .
` ` nothing fancy , just good italian bread and cheese , and some fruit . ''
fruit never falls far from the tree .
they even have that dip for the fruit i love . ''
gage poured them each a glass of wine and the sat on the couch , nibbling on crackers and cheese , fruits and cookies .
he kept his eyes locked on hers as he sucked it gently , tasting salt from the crackers , the sweetness from the fruit .
gage fed kate strawberries , finding the fruit dip and coating her n**ples , licking the sweet sticky liquid from her br**sts .
it would be like a farmer cutting down his orchard to make it simpler to harvest this year 's fruit . ''
it was sweet and rancid , like a stew of fruit juice and rotten meat .
the doctor ordered a mild medication to remedy that , and she ate most of her lunch , a light meal of soup and fruit .
you 're the icing on top , with sprinkles , candied fruit , and chocolate drizzle . ''
lily snagged an apple as she passed the fruit bowl and added it to her plate .
you are not a fruit cup !
` ` i refuse to watch you perform a lewd act with fruit in public . ''
she holds out her banana , then proceeds to take a rather deep - throat inspired bite of the phallic fruit in question .
her heavy - scented perfume creates a toxic cloud in the vicinity , sandalwood mixed with unripe fruit , something just this side of glorified body odor .
this is a new dawn in our lives , the beginning of the best season - the very first bite of sweet , delicious fruit that would satisfy for a lifetime .
` ` may we never forget the bittersweet fruit of its vine . ''
some honeyed fruit ? ''
breakfast had tasted like gourmet fare , even though it was her usual yogurt and fruit combined with strong coffee .
lorraine had n't really been hungry , but the fruit quenched her growing thirst .
lorraine thanked him with a smile and continued down the street , stopping only long enough to buy some fruit in the village marketplace .
jason applebee sat in the living area eating grapes from a beautiful fruit basket .
you were n't going to eat all this fruit yourself , were you ? ''
by the time they reached the food , the kids were seated on the blanket with hot dogs , potato salad , and some diced fruit .
they reached for some plates as they eyed the appetizing variety of side dishes spread out on the table - beans , casseroles , potato , cucumber , and fruit salads - all of which smelled delicious .
he scooped some fruit salad onto his plate ; gabby added a taste of pretty much everything .
he absently moved his fruit with his fork .
the realization often hit in the strangest of places - while pushing the cart in the fruit aisle of the grocery store or standing in line to buy movie tickets - but whenever it happened , it made something as simple as taking her hand an exquisite pleasure , something both momentous and gratifying .
realizing she was hungry as well , she chose a banana from the fruit bowl and went back to the living room .
flowers in a vase , a bowl of fruit , window treatments .
methodically , she pulled out the makings for sandwiches and cut up fresh fruit .
the stranger seemed to expect this answer , and a moment later , they were talking about mrs . dungeness and the fact that a possum had ended up in her kitchen the night before and eaten from the fruit bowl .
neither was particularly hungry , so lexie directed jeremy to a small grocery store , and they emerged a few minutes later with a box of crackers , some fresh fruit , various kinds of cheese , and two bottles of snapple .
with her fruit cup wedged between her legs , she broke off a piece of cheese and put it on a cracker .
he focused on the lid of his fruit cup as he spoke , suddenly reluctant to meet her gaze .
he carried homemade jams and jellies ; powdered rubs from ` ` secret recipes '' thatflavored beef and pork ; and a selection of locally canned fruits and vegetables .
hethrew the steaks and the hamburger patty on the grill while katie went to the cooler and started bringing theendless array of items to the table : tupperware containers of potato salad , coleslaw , pickles , a green bean salad , sliced fruit , two bags of chips , slices of cheese , and assorted condiments .
it sat against the back wall and was filled with fruit , cheese , and more wine .
he found the selection of vegetables and fresh fruit mind - boggling .
in alaska , especially at this time of year , fresh fruits and vegetables were at a premium .
her hands rubbed her n**ples and he stared helplessly at the luscious fruit a few inches away , yet unable to touch .
she smiled as she cut up some fruit .
` ` chadwick did tell me you enjoy fresh fruit for breakfast . ''
on the beside a brown sofa were a bowl of fruit and a bottle of perrier on ice .
i kept saying to people , for the love of god , eat fruit . ''
it adds fruit . ''
she watched , stupefied as he eyed the bowl of fruit on the table , then picked the thing up , emptied out the fruit and marched across to the sink where he filled it with water instead .
she watched , stupefied as he eyed the bowl of fruit on the table , then picked the thing up , emptied out the fruit and marched across to the sink where he filled it with water instead .
bird song reached his ears , and a moment later , he stepped out into the sunlight and followed the servant across an open courtyard shaded by orange trees , their crowns densely filled with ripe and heavy fruit .
` ` there is a woman ... '' the sultan chuckled and then plucked a grape from the fruit bowl on the table and popped it into his mouth .
mahmud finally looked well and truly shocked , for his mouth had dropped open and his hand had paused in midair on its way to the fruit bowl .
he blinked , abandoned whatever piece of fruit he 'd planned on sampling this time , and sank back against his plump cushions with a dark expression upon his face .
the pasha did as he was asked , and a small , thin - looking man scurried off to do his bidding , passing the blonde - haired servant girl in the door ; she had returned with a large bowl of fruit , which she immediately set before mahmud .
there were low tables with brass trays carrying fruit bowls and wine glasses upon them , each with its own intricate design carved into it .
she took a bite , the sweet fruit delectable on her tongue .
he 'd bathed her , pampered her endlessly , brought her wine in the tub and fed her bits of cheese and fruit .
she frowned as she glanced over the array of deli meats , cheeses , fruits and fresh vegetables .
there was also fruit , toast and milk and juice .
he checked his watch as she slid the last piece of fruit between her lips .
theyate their noon meal inthesaddle - fruit , cheeseand bread thatpaen had her retrieve from a bagdanglingfrom the saddle .
licking his lips , he turned his attention backto the fruit , then slid to hiskneesbefore the bushand leaned forward tocatch one ripe berry between his lips .
paen tuggeditfromthe bush , almostmoaning as the fruit burst in his mouth , sprayingits sweetnessover his tongue and the top ofhis mouth .
avelyn set several slices ofapple and a plum ontheground bysamson , but hewas n't interested and merely nosed the fruit before taking himselfoff to explore somemore .
` ` then i 'll put out some finger sandwiches and fruit . ''
the road started out nice with the occasional peach tree , though the fruit was long gone since it was november .
` ` dried fruit is a healthy snack . ''
i love to cook , and it pains me when the fruits of my labor go to waste .
she toyed with the fruit clinging to the side of her glass .
a swarm of bees was clustered on one of the rafters of the garage , hanging down like some giant , pendulous fruit .
calm , calm , calm , calm ... ` ` is it you , '' the flight attendant said , ` ` who ordered the fruit plate ? ''
` ` fruit plate , '' the flight attendant said .
` ` you and your damned , damned fruit plates , '' jenny hissed across the aisle .
dee ate her fruit plate brazenly .
the suite had a pantry of sorts , and she 'd helped herself to the dried meats and fruit within .
as much as she wanted to relax into the moment , sipping her drink , enjoying the burst of fruit on her taste buds as matthew fed her , her stomach kept tightening with nerves .
the fruit looked beautiful , but she really wanted a slice of fudge .
` ` stay in good with me and i 'll hook you up with the gourmet section in the all - night store where i found this to slather on your fruit . ''
marianna bit the treat in half , the juicy taste of fruit and chocolate exploding over her taste buds in a near - orgasmic flood .
sebastian snagged a bottle of sparkling water and set it on the kitchen island by the fruit basket .
he pulled the protective wrapping off a silver tray of brie , bread and fruit , and opened a chilled bottle of sparkling water .
he selected an apple from her wicker fruit bowl on the counter .
he gestured with the fruit in his hand .
she rearranged the plums until the fruit was balanced again .
` ` i do n't have much for breakfast , just some granola bars or toast and whatever 's in the fruit basket .
the images of then tangled with the present until the clothed kiss became so much more in her mind ... . she could almost smell the sangria and fruit juices they 'd licked from each other 's bodies .
a mahogany end table - by the love seat - was actually a mini - fridge with a crystal bowl of fruit on top .
21 ronnie okay , she admitted that she could get used to living like this : lounging on the diving board in the backyard pool , an ice cold glass of sweet tea by her side , a fruit tray in the cabana , which had been served by the chef , along with real silverware and a fancy mint garnish .
` ` but when the holy spirit controls our lives , he will produce this kind of fruit in us : love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faithfulness , gentleness , and self - control . ''
meanwhile , luke busied himself making sandwiches to go with the fruit and chips and bottles of water he 'd picked up from the store .
on the table stood an assortment of drinks , including a bucket of champagne on ice , a platter of sandwiches , and a sliced fruit and cheese selection on a crystal dish .
` ` with the bowls of fruit ? ''
he remained suspicious of the dowager 's motives as pertained to grace ; she seemed to thrust grace in his direction at every possible occasion , like some piece of ripened fruit , dangled before his nose to entice him to stay put .
a bowl he recognized as fox 's mother 's work sat on the counter holding fruit .
in the kitchen cybil pulled milk , eggs , fruit out of the refrigerator , set them on the counter .
he tastes like fruit and smells like sunshine .
he strapped rhett into his high chair and dumped some of the diced fruit and cheese carly kept in the refrigerator onto the tray and filled the kid 's cup .
after coffee and a fruit - yogurt - and - granola parfait she entered the library as soon as the doors opened .
shawn grabbed an orange from her fruit bowl and tossed it in the air , juggling it with an apple and doing a poor job .
it looks like a fruit basket , only instead of being filled with fruit it 's crammed with innuendos and colorful words .
it looks like a fruit basket , only instead of being filled with fruit it 's crammed with innuendos and colorful words .
he is hungry to shove his tongue inside and eat you like a ripe fruit .
his eyes were right on her lips , looking down at them like he was a starving man and she was a ripe piece of fruit .
i ' m sure he ate it like the ripest fruit .
this place has bananas and all kinds of fruit .
he held them up like the ripest of fruit , offering them to dane .
by ten they 'd ordered most of the week 's food , checked the vegetables and fruits for freshness , made out the payroll checks , deposited money in the restaurant 's account , and dropped the tablecloths off at the laundry .
a fruit - and - cheese plate , sandwiches , potato salad , a batch of chocolate chip cookies and a variety of other goodies she 'd thrown in at the last minute .
she 'd found a recipe for a chicken casserole on the internet and served it with homemade dinner rolls and fresh asparagus , with a fresh fruit salad made of seedless grapes and strawberries .
every saturday morning james came down to the waterfront with her , and they bought fresh fruit and vegetables for the week .
stopping at the corner market a few blocks before his house , he quickly picked up eggs and bacon , along with some fresh bread and fruit .
i did a brisk three miles in the sand , which is great for the legs , then showered and searched out a store where i could buy cereal , milk , and fruit .
` ` fruit , '' i said helpfully .
the small fridge held a few bottles of water and i took one out and grabbed a banana from the basket of fruit he had sitting on top of the fridge before walking out to sit in the sunshine .
` ` bring us a fruit tray please and make sure the kiwi is included . ''
` ` i 'll take out their fruit , '' he said , walking over to get it .
` ` that ca n't be theirs ; i have n't entered their order , '' i said as he made his way to the door with the fruit that included kiwi .
it was bright yellow with clusters of fruit all over .
once her trees began bearing enough fruit to turn a profit , she intended on using the harvest as the foundation for her business .
the rolling fruits were littering the dirt trail !
sure do miss those prickly fruits -- what were they ! ` `
this far northwest from town , the chances of their still being lush with fruit was strong .
that 's fruit . ''
bellamy gave them each a smile , then said , ` ` what was that fruit again ? ''
` ` good fruit '' ` ` juicy ; ` ` yule added .
when a woman lets a man make love to her , she has a right to reassure herself about him , find out every detail right down to the size of his fruit of the looms . ''
if the phone service is n't restored by nightfall , though , i 'll probably be begging you for a fruit jar . ''
you should be enjoying the fruit of your labors . ''
not that i was eager to tackle the buffet of limp vegetables , dry meat , and overripe fruits .
i pulled out an empty ketchup bottle and some molding fruit from the fridge and tossed them in the garbage before we returned to the front room .
` ` i hope you like chili claire ; it 's one of the few dishes that i can actually make , '' laughed liz , ` ` and we ' ve some fresh fruit for dessert . ''
the kitchen island held a loaf of bread , a plate and some fresh fruit .
he got his answer when the cook led the castle - bearing men back to the kitchens and a small army of servants began hurrying out with wafers , fruit and a sweet called vyn dowce .
did he wish the fruit of another man 's seed inheriting all ?
either he 'd moved and banged the chest , or he 'd dropped the sword and it had toppled the fruit .
whatever the case , he now knelt trying to collect the spilled fruit .
they worked in silence , replacing the fruit in the basket , but she could feel his glance roving over her as they worked .
the move startled her and the basket tipped , sending the fruit back to the floor .
he did n't look back , but had no doubt that deke was already reaching out a hand toward the forbidden fruit of kimber 's pale skin- just for the pleasure of touching her .
trying not to roll her eyes , kimber ordered egg salad on wheat and a side of fruit .
she opened her eyes to find eggs and toast and some fruit in yogurt on a plate beside her .
i ' m doing better about getting in my fruits and vegetables at dinner .
as soon as her lips parted , he placed the sweet fruit on her tongue .
as she chewed the chocolaty fruit , he tossed back the last of the champagne .
what she saw instead was tuxedoed waiters circulating with platters of fruit and cheese , ornate quiches , crab - stuffed mushrooms , and champagne .
fantasy key - monday afternoon tara 's waiter delivered her plate of tropical fruit salad and iced tea .
she pushed her fruit around on her plate .
their waiter returned and smoothly replaced the fruit plate with her chicken before she could even see the access card on the table .
tara pushed fruit salad around her plate , avoiding logan 's glower .
she was swelling and softening like a ripe piece of fruit , her insides aching and empty , desperate for him to get on with it and take her .
i ' ve got fabulous breakfast burritos in the warming drawer and fresh fruit in the fridge .
as she took her first bite of heavenly warm egg - filled burrito and followed with a spoonful of the luscious fruit , jason finished mixing the drink and brought it across the room , easing it directly in her hand .
he went after her in earnest , eating at her like a juicy piece of fruit , f**king her thoroughly with his fingers and tongue - and wishing to hell he could mount and claim her .
a brand - new shiny silver unit with a familiar piece of half - eaten fruit on the front .
no eggs , no fruit , no bran muffin .
he 's relaxing on a rock a good fifty feet away eating fruit leather and checking his gps . ''
probably got some fruit leather caught in my throat . ''
` ` that fruit leather can be wicked stuff if you get a piece crosswise in your windpipe . ''
apparently he liked organic cereal with dried fruit and nuts , because he had a supply of that .
i 'll have some of your fruit and nut cereal if i get hungry . ''
mentally unstable fruit loops , every single one of them .
boo holds out a plate stacked with sandwiches , potato chips and fruit on it .
the sandwich , fruit and potato chips fly through the air and i watch with wide eyes as they hit nox in the chest , neck , and stomach .
nox sits at the table eating a bowl of oatmeal and fruit while reading the newspaper .
under her leadership , the cold storage warehouse had been expanded and a big part of their business was now storing fruit for other growers .
the asian markets are tightening and it 's costing us a fortune to transport our fruit .
the infection is already there ; winter snow turns a terrible purplish black , puddles in the street grow tentacles and pull unwary travelers down into the muck , trees argue among themselves and stop bearing fruit .
she 'd been mesmerized by the skeletal fruit trees , turned into crystalline works of art by the icicles that hung from the limbs .
on the side of the road , vendors tried to sell anything they could , from fruits and vegetables to tennis shoes to barely used t - shirts .
i 'll make us omelets and fruit .
meredith walked slowly forward , past the cold samovar and the empty fruit basket on the counter and into the dining room .
long ago , it had been a roadside fruit stand ; here , meredith had spent some of the best summers of her life , selling their ripe , perfect apples to tourists .
it had been her idea to convert this fruit stand into a gift shop .
out in the garage , there was another freezer , equally full , and the basement pantry was chock - full of home - canned fruit and vegetables .
in no time , the orchards would be full of fruit and workmen and pickers ... ...
she 'd thought fruit production and college entrance essays , house repairs and how to save for tuition and taxes .
by seven o'clock , she was out in the orchard and walking the rows with her foreman , checking on the new fruit 's early progress , noting frost damage , and assessing the workers ' careful hand - wrapping of the apples , and by ten she was at her desk , reading crop projections .
she will pack all the sausage and dried fruit she can carry , and like thousands of other women her age , she will go south again to protect all that she loves .
it sounds like old fruit being pushed through a sieve .
with a wry smile , she waited until he set some eggs , toast , and a bowl of fresh fruit in front of her .
as he held a chunk of pineapple between his fingers , raine opened , biting the plump fruit between her teeth .
in between bites of chicken , salad , bread , and fruit , they caressed her , whispered to her , aroused the hell out of her .
it 's not impossible to go from planet to planet , but there 's usually a reason for it : you 're a member of the crew on a trade ship , hauling fruit and wicker baskets between the stars , or you get a job with the colonial union itself and start a glorious career as an interstellar bureaucrat .
emily was elbow - deep in kolache dough - the fruit strudel kind - when the doorbell rang .
` ` this is our second date , '' i say around a mouth full of divine fruit and chocolate .
his mouth is on mine before i can answer , tasting like fruit and happiness .
thirty seconds of trying and all i get is a cloud of fruit flies in my eye .
i pick up a fresh strawberry from a fruit plate and eat it , grateful for something to fill my mouth after asking .
sophie asked , grabbing an apple from the fruit bowl on the counter .
she took the bready bite and her senses exploded with pleasure over the sweet fruit melting on her tongue .
he mentally sifted through alex 's final transmissions like the soil through his fingers as he looked for the proper texture to bear fruit .
since rita 's death , that plant and aries were all he had left , and by god , they would bear fruit .
she shrugged and snagged a grape from the fruit bowl .
he 'd read on the internet that water plumped the fruit .
palms and fruit trees with lanterns illuminated the shore .
bins of fresh fruits and vegetables sat out , the scent of roasting turkey and goat carrying on the salty beach breeze .
the waitress brought glasses and a pitcher of fruit juice - guava and mango - not showing the least sign of recognizing the royal customer she served .
she sipped her fruit juice , the blend bursting along her taste buds with a hint of coconut , her senses hyperaware since rowan kissed her .
he felt drunk even though he had n't had anything but coffee and fruit juice all evening .
a pot of steeped herbal tea waited on a tiny table along with dried fruits and nuts.how strange to have such complete panoramic peace during such a tumultuous time .
seeing her sip a glass of lemonade made him ache to taste the tart fruit on her lips .
he tore off a corner of the crepe and stirred it through the fruit .
the sweet fruit mixed with the lightly salty taste of his skin as he withdrew his fingers slowly .
he nipped the last taste up at the base of her neck , then scooped up more of the fruit , eyeing her chest with only a hint of warning that he intended to ...
the scent of them together blended with the sweet stickiness of the raspberries and sugary fruit juice .
eloisa smiled as shannon held out a tray of fruit - she selected a chocolate strawberry with obvious anticipation .
a strange woman she 'd never met before pushed the cart containing a plate of pastries , a bowl of fruit and two steaming carafes .
that would go a long way toward keeping her from pummeling him with fruit from the bowl on the counter .
even sending in her grades had seemed surreal as she 'd sat at a decked - out business center on the plane , with a cabin steward bringing her tea and fruit .
he 'd stepped into the living area for the tray of cheese and fruit .
he bit free the fruit , nipping her fingers lightly .
sitting at the moonlit reception on the palace lawns by the beach , her baby asleep in a stroller , lucy ann sipped her glass of spiced fruit juice .
tables of food were still laden with half shares of delicacies , fruits and meats .
she whispered , the scent of fruit juice on her breath , dampening her lips .
she was used to being busy , in charge - not sitting around a castle twiddling her thumbs , eating fruit and cheese from medieval pottery .
he picked up the platter of fruit and cheese and tucked the two plates of flan on top .
then he plucked a strawberry and placed the plump fruit between his teeth .
her lips parted to close over the plump fruit until they met in a kiss .
he squeezed the fruit in his fist , dribbling the juice over her nipple .
the taste of ripe fruit and a hint of something more had him ready to come apart inside her already .
she carefully set her utensil onto the platter by the last strawberry , her body humming with the memory of the moment they 'd shared the fruit , the moment he 'd thrust inside her .
lucy ann speared a chocolate strawberry and willed herself not to blush at the heated memories the fruit evoked .
as always , there waited a pitcher of water along with fresh fruit for a late - night snack .
but on the heels of that thought came another : or maybe peyton will laugh and say the same things you heard every day at prewitt , about looking like you live in a box under a bridge , and stealing extra fruit from the lunch line - do n't think we have n't seen you do it , ava - and not being fit to clean the houses of your classmates because no one wants their house smelling the way you smell , and maybe you do n't live in box under a bridge , after all , maybe you live in a dumpster .
and talk about forbidden fruit .
it was accessorized by an old steamer trunk tipped on its side to serve as a coffee table , and wooden crates plastered with paintings of fruit made up end tables on either side of the futon .
as gavin danced her backward toward the group , she began to feel as if she were flying the wrong way into a flock of exotic birds like a fruit bat .
a dumpy , colorless , mewling fruit bat .
the refrigerator was a little better stocked , though the bulk of it was staples of the feminine diet - yogurt , fruit , salad stuff .
she was saved from having to respond to his comment , however , when stu arrived with their champagne and a tray of fruit and cheese .
he was clearly interested in sharing more than champagne and an assortment of fruit and cheese with her .
` ` pastries , bacon , sausage , eggs , fruit ... '' he thought about saying something about how they both needed to regain their strength after last night , but for some reason , it felt crass to make a comment like that .
` ` and my favorite food is fruits de mer . ''
unfortunately , fruits de mer was about the only thing she could say in french , and only because she 'd practiced it for her menu lesson .
an enormous basket of fresh fruit and wine sat at the center of the dining table , and a massive bouquet of flowers , fragrant and splashy , was perched on the desk .
` ` you 're trying to shake some more fruit from that tree . ''
when he released the clasp of her bra , her br**sts fell into his hands like ripe fruit , tight and firm , and he laieaded them until she felt warmth spread within her .
maeve then steered the conversation to a safer topic and asked olive to bring in some fresh fruit .
but then forbidden fruit was a powerful aphrodisiac .
walking over to a draped table , rachel grinned at the overflowing bowl of fruit ; she picked up a bundle of grapes and ate a couple .
he was humbled by the way these people lived , so grateful for the smallest of items - a bowl of beans , fresh fruit , a warm blanket .
there should be fruit and possibly nuts on this island , so we 'll have to go on a hunt , '' he said as he cut open a bag and passed it to her .
he 'd whispered in her ear , brought her a plate of fruit and cheese , accidentally brushed his leg up against hers , and he might as well have been a cardboard box .
walking around , she did n't know how long she 'd been away from the waterfall , but she managed to stumble upon a few fruit trees .
as she took her first bite of the fresh fruit and the juice dripped down her chin , a big smile crossed her face , and she sighed .
there is cereal in the cupboard , fruit cut up in the fridge , and coffee brewing .
passing a fruit tree , he almost did n't stop , but knew they could be stuck for a while .
we 're in public , '' she reminded him as she looked at the food - an out - of - the - ordinary chicken salad , artisan rolls , exotic fruit , and small appetizers .
the island had an abundance of fruit and nuts , but still , they were n't used to living in the wild , and they did n't have enough to make them comfortable for long .
` ` i will cook you a spectacular seafood dinner on the beach with a nice fire and all - you - can - drink fruit juice , '' he said , trying to pull her from her funk .
by the time she emerged , she found shane sitting on the beach with a smile and breakfast of fresh fruit and the last of their trail mix .
walking to the table , she picked up one of the juicy red berries and took a bite , the sweet fruit squirting into her mouth .
lia said as she came up and handed them each a tall glass with fruit floating in it .
* * * that afternoon , annie sat at an outdoor table at la merlina cafe , sipping iced tea and picking at a plate of fruit shaped into flowers .