` ` what if we got married in papa 's rose garden ? ''
tears had stung her eyes when she first caught sight of the garden as she , on her father 's arm , made her way from the house to the ceremony .
white chairs draped with blue silk bunting lined the garden in rows while a tent had been erected to the side of the makeshift altar .
she 'd seen him in action too many times over the years , spying on him from the loft in the stables or from the rose garden , from an empty stall or in various places where she could see him with his lady loves .
the ones you used to bring out to your house and make love to in the stables or near the rose garden ? ''
if she had n't been in the rose garden doing her homework , she 'd be up here .
` ` i remember the day you brought this plant here to your rose garden .
when he saw how excited she was by the roses , how she preferred to do her homework in the rose garden , he 'd built up his collection of roses , trying to find unique and hardy flowers she might enjoy .
` ` i used to love just laying in the garden and smelling the roses .
looking around , the terrace looked like a regular garden .
he asked as he led her through the subtly lit trees and shrubs of the roof garden .
` ` i have loads of laundry to do and i might weed the garden .
` ` because i can do my own laundry and my grandmother would kill me if i dug in her garden so it was just a way to tease you .
he was half the reason she 'd run away from her home and family after seeing him kissing another woman in the garden .
she had been happy with her future until that fateful day she 'd seen him kissing another woman in the gardens .
and i bet you barely knew i was around , '' she said , remembering the ache of jealousy she felt each time she 'd caught him wooing another female out here in these gardens .
what she did n't realize was that as they walked , they were moving deeper into the garden where the dim lights from the candles and the interior were moving farther off .
` ` it is called a moonlight garden , '' he explained , pulling one large , white blossom off a bush .
she noticed that they were still in the garden , laying on the soft grass and she shook her head .
` ` we 're in the garden , '' she said , resting her chin on the middle of his chest .
` ` i thought if we kissed out here in the garden , it would be safe and i could get away with only a taste . ''
she could see people watching the two of them even out here in the garden .
then there was the time she wanted to hide out in the gardens despite the afternoon heat .
` ` i write about gardens and flowers , '' she said slowly , her lips having trouble forming the words .
i can make people goo - goo about the tulips in the spring and the various flower shows and garden parties .
` ` one of the reporters had just come back from a war zone and my editor had tasked her with writing up the opening of the botanical garden 's fall showing .
if she could just get through this garden area , she might finally get inside .
` ` and you dared to enter into my private garden which caused about fifty guards to be alerted to your presence , all of whom wanted to be the hero who caught the intruder which would earn him a very valuable reputation . ''
if you 're ready to help out you can always work on the kitchen garden , though .
if she got bored , she 'd work in that garden .
she 'd already gotten through two rows of the large kitchen garden and was partway through a third when hoofbeats pounded up behind her and she scrambled to her feet .
if i were you , i 'd put some thought into how to keep him on track , and while tending the garden is all well and good , i 'd spend some time tending ... ethan ... if you know what i mean . ''
* * * * * ethan waited while autumn finished snapping photos of the partially weeded garden , the picnic basket sitting on the back steps - she fussed a little about not having any shots of his proposal , but agreed with him it was for the best since they were both in their birthday suits - and the mess she 'd left in the kitchen when she 'd raced off to find him .
he wanted a stay - at - home kind of woman , someone to run the house , do the errands , raise the garden and the kids , and help with the ranch .
what are you doing to my mother 's garden ? ''
she may have lied to ethan about her green thumb , but she had found over the last few days that with a little common sense and a lot of help from the internet , she was able to sort the weeds from the useful plants and coax the garden back to life .
alone in the garden , autumn looked at the neat rows of plants reaching for the sun .
one day , she asked him to take her to a home and garden show in billings , and he 'd begged off , saying he needed to work on his accounts .
then it would be back to the ranch to do a bit of work on the garden and prepare her presentation .
she arranged for several women in town to pitch in to provide floral arrangements from their gardens , and organized a pot luck reception , aside from the barbecued steaks that would come from the ranch 's own beef .
they talked about him - the ranch , the money problems , his family , the garden , their future plans .
autumn spent more time indoors , but even she worked in the kitchen garden .
` ` unfortunately , little shacks do n't get you into western homes and gardens , do they ?
aria cruz had n't worked a day in her life , if you did n't count weeding the kitchen garden .
just decorated her home , cooked up a storm when she was around , and spent a lot of time in her garden .
he watched her pop a cauliflower seedling out of a flat and place it in the hole she 'd dug in the rich soil of a garden bed .
do you remember when you used to help me in the garden ? ''
back in grade school , his mother used to require him to help weed her vegetable garden at least once a week .
his mother would chatter to him about the different plants , including the flowers that bordered her square garden .
the next time his mother called him to work in the garden , rob had hid in the hayloft and refused to come out .
she 'd never asked him to weed the garden again .
` ` but the way your father and brothers destroyed your love for the garden , for everything natural , '' she waved a hand to encompass the whole ranch , ` ` is something i ' ve found it hard to forgive .
remembered the peace of working in the garden .
about the freewheeling time when he 'd been too young for school or work and the whole world seemed alight with beauty and mystery , about his run - ins with his brothers - especially ned - holt 's strictness , his mother 's garden , the playground fights .
he even told her about georgette , going to church , and meeting his mother in the garden .
` ` so i figure i 'll set up a garden for her .
a garden ?
did carl have any idea how much work an acre garden would be to maintain ?
the man probably wanted the land cleared and tilled , flower and vegetable garden beds built , and then seeing how it was already fall , he 'd probably want bulbs planted for next year and some annuals to pretty it up for now .
she picked up the next thing to hand - a garden clog - and threw it with all her might .
but even after rob got home and shared his good news about building a garden for carl , it was a long time before she fell asleep .
chapter fourteen the following evening , after a day spent helping ethan escort his guests on a long trail ride around the ranch , complete with picnic lunch , rob prepared to head over to carl 's spread to get started on lacey 's garden .
` ` you 're going to build a massive garden for my ex - fiancee ?
` ` you got any plans for the layout of the garden ? ''
the page showed an old - fashioned english garden with formal raised beds bursting with perennials in full bloom .
he 'd also put in a sprinkler system throughout the garden .
she knew he 'd taken on this garden project for carl in order to raise the money he 'd promised her to start her winery .
at this rate he 'd never get the garden done .
` ` someone 's got to build carl 's garden . ''
rob leaned against a metal rake in carl 's garden , and held his phone up to his ear .
he gazed around the empty garden in disbelief .
rob waved to the garden they were standing next to .
` ` you 're building a garden .
` ` with the time i lost over my dad 's panic attack , and his preparation for his surgery , i ' m way behind on carl 's garden .
yesterday i was working on his place and i checked out the garden .
` ` the only thing is ... i ' m not on track to finish carl 's garden by october first , which means i ' m not on track to give morgan the money i promised her for her wedding gift .
i ' m available to help you out on carl 's garden for the next week . ''
you get that garden done . ''
they were supposed to be driving to carl 's ranch to get to work on the garden , but jamie had just gone in the wrong direction .
* * * * * thursday evening , rob was at carl 's to put the final touches on lacey 's garden .
claire and autumn had searched every garden store for miles finding shrubs , perennials and annuals , and they 'd filled the boxes and borders as best they could given the time of year .
the garden had come together beautifully with so many hands ready to help .
the whole gang had decided to meet at carl 's garden for the grand unveiling , as autumn had started to call it .
already people were spilling into the garden , and carl 's driveway was full of cars .
` ` thank goodness we got the garden done , '' morgan said , coming up beside rob and taking his hand .
` ` folks , i appreciate you coming out , but i 'd like to show lacey around the house first before we head out to the garden .
` ` i 'll wait in the garden . ''
` ` we 'd better head to the garden , '' autumn said and led the way .
ten minutes later the back door opened and lacey stepped out onto the deck that overlooked the wide backyard and the whole garden behind it .
carl asked her , escorting lacey down the stairs into the garden .
i ca n't be a trophy wife , and as beautiful as it is , i ca n't just take care of a garden .
everyone - the garden you made for me is beautiful .
` ` i hated to take it from him , but i did do the work even if lacey did n't want a garden . ''
` ` out of all the things i ' ve ever done for money , i liked making that garden for carl the best . ''
looking out over the massive garden carl had hired rob to install just last month , he could n't see anything out of the ordinary .
the garden that stood between him and his goal was a full acre .
he skirted the garden , using its enclosing stone walls as a partial cover , then slowed down again at the far side where another stretch of bare ground stood between him and the forest .
plus , there was a tap in carl 's huge garden not far from the edge of the woods .
to the west lay the open land surrounding carl 's home and garden .
he looked out the window and saw cab showing the other couple the remains of the garden his brother rob had built just months ago .
` ` i ' ve been wanting to try topiary in case any of my customers want it in their gardens , '' rob said .
carl was the man who 'd hired luke 's brother , rob , to build a fantastic walled garden for his bride - to - be and then got dumped by her at the unveiling in front of a dozen people .
` ` there 's a rabbit that sometimes gets into the garden .
adam looked across the expanse of the garden terrace .
she spent the rest of the afternoon in the garden , walking through the plants and surveying what the gardener had done in her absence .
sophie was digging furiously in the gardens outside when higgins came forward with a message for her .
she still worked in the garden , digging in the roses and mulching whatever struck her fancy .
` ` well , i tried to create a hosta garden last year underneath an old oak tree .
` ` it sounds like you probably have a very beautiful garden , '' elizabeth replied , admiration shining in her eyes .
sophie went into the house and found some paper and pencils , then drew out the plans she wanted to create in her new garden .
` ` i thought the gardens were the way you wanted them to be , '' she commented , excited by the idea of doing whatever she wanted without the limitations on funding she 'd had to deal with because of her previous clients ' budget restrictions .
` ` i do n't really care what happens to the gardens as long as i do n't have to take care of them , '' he teased .
sophie was disappointed but she took her bucket of gardening tools out to her small patch of new garden and spent the day considering all her options .
she asked herself that question for most of the afternoon as she finished with her small patch and started moving some of the other plants from the other gardens in a more pleasing design .
` ` i finished working in my garden . ''
` ` i understand directly from mr . randal that he does n't particularly care what happens to the gardens as long as they are presentable .
feeling depressed and lonely , sophie abandoned her work that day and worked instead in her garden .
` ` i ' m going to go out and dig in the rose garden , '' she explained and turned on her heel .
she wandered along a path of woods , considering the idea of making a shade garden .
her father lived in a mansion sitting atop a cliff in athens with extensive gardens and more rooms than the man knew what to do with .
it extended out to stairs that descended into a formal garden laid out in patchwork with large oak trees framing both sides and marble statuary in the middle .
it was like a wild garden inviting you to run in only to trap you and never let you go .
the sunlight caught in his green eyes that reminded me of a wild garden .
a savage garden .
standing alone in a garden , she wore a strapless gown covered in tiny crystal beads , with her hair falling loosely behind her , pulled back by a simple veil .
massive , dense gardens surround the house from every side , holding every flower imaginable .
there were gardens , an old barn , the house ... i wanted to see it all !
` ` well , why do n't you two come on in , and we 'll get you all set for your garden tour ? ''
walking back outside , we took a left , intent on the larger of the two gardens .
the late day sun felt warm against my skin as we began our stroll down the garden path , meandering through arched trellises and flowering trees .
i babbled , realizing i 'd been so completely engrossed in my logan fantasy world i had barely noticed we had already been through half the garden by now .
not on our first date , in this beautiful garden , when everything is so perfect .
` ` cause if we do n't , i ' m going to take you here right in the middle of this garden .
what i had not planned on was her kissing me , followed by us nearly ripping each other 's clothes off in the middle of an old woman 's garden .
when she leaned over on her hands and knees and kissed me under that giant dogwood in the garden , i lost myself .
` ` do you remember what i said to you in the garden ? ''
just like in the garden , words failed to show the depth of my feeling at that moment .
the hotel had a beautiful garden patio with an almost surround view of the ocean .
she had grown vegetables and roses in her backyard up until she could n't walk without assistance , and i 'd been tending to her gardens ever since .
as the first raindrop fell , signaling the impending storm , i looked down at the once perfect garden that i had painstakingly kept alive as a tribute to my longtime friend and neighbor .
i asked , taking in the wooden wind chimes and pewter fountain tucked away in a neatly kept small garden .
` ` i have a little garden out back where we can sit . ''
i suddenly had a picture of the two of us sitting in a garden , holding hands and chanting .
i caught up to her and we walked silently , side by side , around the building along a little pathway that led to a small garden tucked between the office buildings .
` ` the dentist next door thought i was crazy when i told him i wanted to plant a garden back here , but i think he likes it now .
but then , i would n't have this garden , would i ? ''
this new age counselor looked like a greek goddess , and she 'd planted a garden behind her office .
` ` they destroyed mrs . reid 's flower garden between our houses . ''
she loved her garden , and she baked the best cookies and pies . ''
he 'd trade the stiff slacks for a pair of worn jeans , so he could chase me and play with me in the backyard among my mother 's flower and herbs garden .
the added bonus of a built - in lunch date and a sweet little garden to chill in did n't hurt either .
it would be a garden wedding right on the lawn where she used to play with her mother .
and i know today in the garden she 'll be right there with me as i take my big step . ''
celine knew that working in the garden , planting seeds and nurturing the flowers were all excellent therapy for her little charge .
after lunch celine plopped a wide - brimmed straw hat onto kylie 's head and they went out to the garden that circled the back patio .
the little girl was armed with a miniature garden fork and shovel while celine followed with a watering can .
when they got to the far end of the garden celine flopped down onto the grass , panting and laughing , then she slid a finger across her brow , pretending to wipe sweat away .
then it was kylie 's job to water the seeds while celine weeded out that section of the garden to make sure they did n't choke the seedlings when they popped out of ground .
she soon settled into her old routine with kylie , reviewing letters and numbers and reading stories in the morning then spending the afternoons at play on the lawn , swimming in the pool or working in the garden .
she 'd gone into the garden , thinking she 'd wandered out there but there was no kylie .
she sighed in relief when they did n't bother to knock on her door but instead showered and dressed to go down to the garden for the buffet style dinner that was usually served there .
by this time they were out a side door and onto a terrace surrounded by an abundant tropical garden .
he 'd set up a writing office in the tiny self - contained studio apartment at the bottom of the garden and equipped it with a desk , a computer , a file cabinet and books .
huge windows looked out onto a country garden where flowers , shrubs and stately trees cohabited in a harmony of nature .
i bought it for the bubbling stream , the beautiful bridge and this little haven at the bottom of the garden . ''
ellen was out in the garden when he arrived .
* * * * * * sam pulled into the parking lot of the italian garden and shut off the engine .
but when she breezed into the lobby of the italian garden she was n't so sure .
she was like an exotic flower in a garden of daisies .
now how had she ended up down that garden path ?
how was she going to survive the journey back , with rock - the seductive apple from her garden of eden - sitting right beside her the whole time ?
rock yelled back from the bottom of the garden .
the children- '' ` ` are gone back down to the bottom of the garden .
an entire wall seemed to have been removed as the room opened out onto a lush and colorful tropical garden .
it 's like we found the garden of eden . ''
he looked over at the tropical garden , the pathway lit by soft lights , the leaves and flowers glowing in the light of the moon .
it was n't until they got out into the garden that max released her hand and , putting his hands on her shoulders , turned her to face him .
although her co - workers had been nice about it , treating her like they did everyone else , she could n't deny that she stood out like a lowly daffodil in a garden of elegant lilies .
he was out in the garden on his cell phone , deep in conversation .
he was still laughing when he heard the clang of the garden gate and heavy footsteps coming up the pathway .
to solie 's delight , upon arrival they were ushered to a relatively secluded table for two right by the huge bay window that looked out onto the tropical landscape with its lush gardens and stately palms .
they picked up a few pieces of baby gear in gymboree and mimi 's kids boutique but it was when lena suggested they leave the mall and check zuka baby in the lower garden district that arie really got her shopping groove on .
the room was designed to remind her of the gardens she used to have back in sicily when she was a young girl .
it was like she 'd stepped into the garden of eden .
she turned and led the way and soon they came to a sunny kitchen where an elderly man sat by a window overlooking a garden that was even more impressive than the ones at the front .
but then as her gaze fell on the blossoming cherry tree in the garden below her mind took her back to the previous afternoon and the image of the helpful stranger filled her mind .
lani heaved a sigh and walked out onto the balcony overlooking the garden .
rosie beaumont loved flowers and , like always , the garden was overflowing with blooms of all sizes and colors .
when she was n't busy mayoring her little town she was outdoors digging in her vegetable garden or turning the soil at the roots of her fruit trees .
she walked over to the garden bench that had been set in the shade of an apple tree .
` ` i made you a vegetable garden , '' he said .
when they got to the garden plot blake gave a gasp of surprise .
he did n't tell her the time he 'd spent working in the garden had been therapy for him .
` ` that may be , '' he said as he bent to pick up the garden fork , ` ` but i 'll feel better if they 're all set before i leave . ''
` ` howdy , '' he said back as he let the garden fork fall into the dirt .
blake told me you made her a vegetable garden . ''
by the time he 'd uncovered everything blake was gazing at fried chicken , baked potatoes , catfish , corn bread and a garden salad bright with baby tomatoes .
they walked in silence , out of the house and into peggy 's backyard garden .
the soft breezes of the texas night stirred the leaves of the trees that stood sentry at both ends of the back porch and lined the outer edges of the garden .
blake and ryder walked slowly along the garden path , still holding hands , drawing in the soothing sensations and giving themselves over to the spirit of the garden .
blake and ryder walked slowly along the garden path , still holding hands , drawing in the soothing sensations and giving themselves over to the spirit of the garden .
her face still , she stared off toward the garden he 'd made her out back .
as she watched he was gazing out back at his now flourishing garden .
chapter 17 one year ago -- -- -- -- maddy and i sipped daintily on cristal champagne as we wandered around the lush garden estates of our accounting firm 's head partner .
it had always reminded me of mornings in my mother 's garden when i was little .
a picture of berthe morisot 's a corner of the rose garden painting fluttered to floor followed by one of monet 's water lilies .
let 's get a bite to eat at the japanese tea garden . ''
he took lorelei 's hand in his and led her along the tree - lined path to the garden .
if one more person wanted to change tables so they 'd be sitting with someone more famous , so help her , lorelei would catapult them into the yerba buena gardens .
we raised some chickens and had a little garden for some vegetables . ''
he built us a nice little place of our own , said we could have the garden , and the chickens , and all we had to do in return is keep an eye on the place when he was n't here .
with nothing else to keep her busy , she decided to explore the gardens .
walking past them on the manicured pathway , sophia came across a rotunda set within a topiary and rose garden .
vittore had allocated a small patch of the garden to her so she could try various flower combinations .
i ' m going to take a stroll through the garden .
in the morning she would work in the garden with vittore or do some baking in the kitchen with maria .
` ` shall we take a walk in the garden ? ''
he took her hand and they strolled toward the rotunda set in the topiary garden .
a few days in the garden and i 'll look better . ''
` ` yes , i live in a lovely house near milan with a beautiful garden .
sitting in the garden with the warm sun on your face will do you a world of good . ''
i spend a lot of time outside in the garden .
` ` i love gardens .
it was a white tiger , like the ones that siegfried and roy had at their secret garden and dolphin exhibit at the mirage .
we 'll be using it in the garden .
he stopped one blistering day to wash his head down with the garden hose .
he 'd heard the stories about the ghosts , knew that the rumors plus the overgrown gardens , broken concrete and shattered windows generally kept people away .
she 'll know what to do about the gardens . ''
when he pulled into a large , beautiful house filled with mature trees and shrubs , she had the impression of a secret garden type of environment .
she grew her own herb garden and put fresh spices in when possible . ''
` ` we had to tend the garden as well .
his penthouse was up in the clouds and his house was tucked away in an elaborate garden .
in milan , they stayed at a villa just outside the city and each evening , clarissa was surrounded by a magnificent garden scented with beautiful flowers .
at least that 's what nonna rennata explained one afternoon while sasha had escaped to the garden to avoid any more confrontations with her mother in law .
after a while though , sasha realized that it was useless and after one particularly horrible argument where she could n't escape riata 's biting criticism any longer , she ran out into the garden .
the tears streaming down her cheeks told him all he needed to know and he wrapped a demoralized sasha in his arms and led her deeper into the garden , letting her cry on his shoulder and telling her it would all be better , that she just needed to hold on until dante had a talk with their mother .
since they were hidden in the farthest corner of the large garden , their location only added more evidence in dante 's mind of her infidelity .
` ` take her out to the garden , '' she said , nodding her approval .
riasa said from one of the pathways in the garden .
she 'd said she wanted to have an enormous kitchen with an herb garden right outside the doors so she could have fresh herbs whenever she cooked .
as soon as she reached the lobby , she raced out of the building , finding solace in the courtyard with the trees and flowers , the hostas that carpeted the ground underneath the trees at the edges of the gardens seemed to smile at her with their perfect rows of leaves and purple flowers that were nearing the end of their season .
the gardens outside her suite of rooms were just starting to blossom with the early spring flowers and she wished she could just climb out of her window and lay down in the fragrant earth , forgetting about her problems and the urgency of her upcoming nuptials .
` ` i visited the botanical gardens , had lunch with my mother and sister , then the three of us attended several meetings with lots of little old ladies with blue hair . ''
they would be visiting the tower of london , british parliament , a drive by big ben , lunch at a quirky outdoor cafe , then off to trafalgar square , several gardens and a museum .
both of them had looked so sweet and sincere as they 'd handed her flowers they 'd probably picked out of their garden or any field they 'd come across .
a huge , gothic mansion with seventeen bedrooms , a kitchen that a catering company would envy , an olympic - sized swimming pool and a maze of hedges among acres of gardens maintained in memory of antonia 's father who loved a lush variety of flowers .
here 's the pool , '' she waved a hand in the direction of the covered pool then headed for the garden beyond .
` ` this is the garden , '' she said without any enthusiasm and kept walking .
victoria wanted a garden with vegetables and herbs and lots of flowers around her house .
` ` i know your fantasy is to have babies , live in a cottage house surrounded by flowers and a vegetable garden with a husband walking through the front door at six o'clock each evening .
they spent the first day just walking down the streets , taking in a few sections of the louvre , the gardens that were perfectly tended , the restaurants and the arc de triumphe .
there was a formal garden in the front with over forty windows overlooking them .
she quickly walked into the shadows of the garden .
she would corner her father immediately after the party and find out why he had invited gus to the garden party .
a lush , tropical paradise was laid out in front of the lobby with a water fall splashing through terraced gardens , eventually spilling out onto a pool .
the driveway was expansive , meandering past meadows , a sparkling brook , and landscaped gardens with its own gazebos and pathways .
although it had only old benches scattered around , there were also dozens of trees and flowering plants growing from garden beds , which lent the place a serene atmosphere one usually would n't find in the middle of miami .
the next day , misty caught sight of dio in the garden and impulsively approached him .
she was a sweet kid , quiet but cheerful , and he had spent quite some time with her during summer the past year , in the days that she had caught him in his garden .
she thought about constantijin 's words again as she followed bob out of the bonsai garden .
she looked up to say more , but the words died in her throat as she saw staffan 's gaze drifting past her and settling on one of the garden exits of the restaurant , where vania stood chatting with a small circle of friends .
` ` i picked them from the garden at the back .
` ` and blue birds singing a happy working song as you pick flowers from your carefully tended garden .
` ` i ca n't believe we found- '' ` ` the garden of eden , '' he finished .
off to the side stood a greenhouse surrounded by a carefully tended garden .
yesterday he 'd weeded the garden , cleaned her house and collected eggs from the chickens .
the garden in the back is nice .
there was a kitchen garden in the backyard , filled with every herb imaginable .
` ` i ' m going to , uh ... i'm- '' her face turned as red as the roses that bloomed in the garden .
a black limo idled outside , in front of the fenced - in garden .
bella turned away from them and walked outside to a walled garden , grabbing her prayer mat along the way .
lonely bunny finds a garden .
where you could have a garden and trees of your own and even a dog .
it was tidy , with its cream - colored paint and postage stamp - sized front garden , where spring bulbs were pushing up through the earth .
there were vases filled with glorious arrangements of fresh flowers that scented the air until she felt as if she were walking in a garden .
in neptune 's garden , the elegant restaurant on the splendor deck , jenna watched as nick worked the room .
there were trees and flowers and bunnies and puppies , painted in bright , primary colors , racing through the garden .
the stone patio gave way to a rolling lawn edged with trees and flowers that looked as she imagined an english cottage garden would .
a slight breeze ruffled the curtains and carried with it the scents of roses and columbine from the garden just below her bedroom .
hunter shoved both hands into the pockets of his jeans and walked toward the old man who 'd been in charge of the cabot gardens for nearly forty years .
shifting his gaze across the garden and the wide stretch of neatly trimmed grass that ran down to the cliff 's edge and the sea beyond , he thought how small this place had once seemed to him .
then calvin wandered off and margie watched his progress through the lush , cottage - style garden .
so she said , ` ` he probably thinks he 's giving us a chance to be romantic in the garden . ''
` ` calvin never stops to chat for long anyway , '' margie said , coming down the stone steps to the edge of the garden .
he turned and started along the snaking path of stepping - stones that meandered through the garden .
he tipped his head back to glance at the clouds scuttling across the sky before continuing on through the garden .
since their conversation in the garden the day before , he had n't been able to stop thinking about everything margie had said to him , and that just irritated the hell out of him .
right back to adam in the garden .
punching in the numbers from memory , he dialed jt 's cell phone and waited in the garden while it rang .
hunter took a breath , opened his eyes and stared out at the broad expanse of lawn and garden .
tomorrow , there would be multicolored balloons and fresh flowers from the cabot gardens decorating the tables .
surprised , yes , but too exhausted to argue with him to take me back to my own place in covent garden .
when we stumbled upon a garden , i sat the concrete bench , waiting for him to say something , anything .
thirty - four the ride from kyle 's house in hampstead to covent garden took half the time more than usual without traffic .
china town is close to our flat in covent garden so it did n't take us long to get back to our place .
her rejection when i proposed on the pavement in covent garden will forever be tattooed in my memory .
on our way to my apartment in covent garden , my thoughts dwelled on blake , tuning kyle out .
so , i decided to be frivolous and treated myself ( i needed the works ) to the sanctuary spa in covent garden , a short walk from my flat .
she kissed both of my cheeks , making me promise her that i 'd seek her out in the garden before we left for the airport .
it was a beautiful garden wedding , with a black carpet aisle scattered with hot pink and white roses and the cozy pergola was covered with white and pink roses as well .
that night , i ended up going back to my flat in covent garden .
miss sienna is staying the night at her flat in covent garden .
it had a state of the art gym , a library , office , indoor and outdoor pool , spa , massive kitchen , a large garage that could fit eight cars in it , staff quarters , sprawling english gardens , but most of all , i had something to entice her .
this massive estate will be filled with laughter , our children playing football in the garden and chaos will reign with dirty socks , muddy shoes , sticky bits everywhere , tantrums and tears .
the party was held somewhere in the gardens of the palazzo , but it was too far for us to walk , so they provided carts for everyone to be transported .
lucy admired the transformed garden .
the garden was transformed into a place full of fresh blooms , candles , crystals , beauty , but most of all , it reeked of romance , love .
the ceremony was held in the garden , amongst friends and family .
i was at the nearest cafe from my flat in covent garden , and for some brilliant reason this prick had just managed to hunt me down .
i was saddened when we had to leave the restaurant and drive back to my apartment in covent garden .
gossip during summertime would reduce the invites for garden parties and galas .
you 'd feel it when you heard the birds chirping out in the garden , when you sipped your coffee in the morning , or when you drove your car .
+ + + the next day , toby decided to take a day off from work and go with me to my flat in covent garden .
my father said , taking my other arm as we walked side by side for a few more steps towards the garden that had a white - carpeted aisle dusted with magnolias , giving the air about the garden a warm , lush ambiance .
my father said , taking my other arm as we walked side by side for a few more steps towards the garden that had a white - carpeted aisle dusted with magnolias , giving the air about the garden a warm , lush ambiance .
when she did n't see logan in the lobby either , she paused to inquire about the white garden .
anything leftover filled the bird feeders next to the garden .
we were in a small , side garden .
she beckoned me to the back , which led to the small garden i helped build .
there 's just no money in the budget for the garden . ''
upstairs on the second level was a massive patio with its own garden and above that i could see porches sticking out of the bedroom doors .
a redwood porch with tables and chairs overlooked a sprawling garden and backyard .
the small , brick cottages , each with a lush garden , looked like something out of a fairytale book .
i looked out of the window and saw a cute , small garden and even more of the english countryside .
we walked along the river , passing by people quietly tending to their gardens , and came upon a mill on the river , which was next to a souvenir shop .
it reminded me of movies i watched as a child , when i believed in magic and secret gardens and fairies .
outside a terrace boasted immaculately groomed gardens and a private pool .
he led them out to the garden area .
he pulled out two chairs at a table surrounded by plants and foliage in the cafe 's exquisite botanical gardens .
after having no luck inside the house , he headed for the gardens .
in the garden , he snipped a lavender bloom , because he 'd been enchanted with her at first sight and a blue bud because he figured she was pretty much unattainable - just like his mother had been .
the rented chairs , tables and tents had been delivered and now a crew of hired workers were setting the scene for the reception behind the rose garden .
the woman he 'd poured his heart out to in the garden .
she spent her time inside their suite or in the garden .
julian ran through the gardens until he got to the hidden clearing that not too many people beyond the gardeners had discovered .
the roman goddess statue , the protector of the garden , offered no comfort today .
it made him feel like his mother was crying since she was the one who 'd put the sculpture in the garden .
his mother had always smelled like a garden of roses dampened by rain .
the solitude of the garden and the ambiance of the moonlight promised to subdue andre 's anxiety once tasha joined him .
` ` do you think we could put some kind of memorial in one of the gardens for our little angel ?
the early blooms in the rose garden - thanks to a mild winter - were also a welcome sight .
a late afternoon chat in the garden had become a ritual for the last couple of months for tasha and camille .
after returning to pacifique de lumiere , andre settled tasha in for a nap and then went out to the gardens .
in the garden , andre turned sideways and squeezed through the hedges .
the roman goddess statue , the protector of the garden , and the benches perched against all four walls of shrubs might have been weathered with time , and the trees and shrubs might have grown considerably , but every time andre came into the grove he was transported back to a time when he was no more than two .
it and the new bench at the foot of the statues were the newest things in the garden .
in the garden , cecily held her breath while listening to julian give andre a pep talk .
chapter twenty - two tasha looked out the window at the gardens below , the rolling hills beyond , and the mediterranean off in the distance .
a variety of flowers in a bounty of colors lined the paths in the west garden .
sitting on the bench in the hidden grove in the garden , she stared at the memorial stone andre had erected for their sweet little angel .
` ` and move it into the gardens at belle vallee .
have you ever been to monet 's garden at giverny , ivy ? '
there 's nothing like a wonderful garden in bloom to make people feel good .
the leap from sex to gardens was diverting but for ivy the damage was done .
heather and graham held the fort , declaring she was a wonderful employer , there was no dirt to dig up and everything in the garden was rosy .
he tended the garden and grew vegetables for us .
' the reefs around it are largely in a pristine condition , unspoilt coral gardens supporting a vast array of marine life , ' he informed her .
the huge brick edifice was set in beautifully landscaped grounds which featured a tennis court and a swimming pool as well as magnificent gardens .
the garden was always immaculate , the house spotless , and karen only had to make a list andthe shopping was done .
landscaped gardens close in , and expanses of lawn rolling down the hill with lovely stands of native gum trees and a huge lake - like dam to add interest .
three sides of it were virtually walls of glass ; the end wall looking directly out on a white sand beach and a clear turquoise sea , the side walls giving a view of green lawns , palm trees and tropical gardens .
' going to need quite a few staff to maintain all this for you , ' he observed , gesturing to the grounds which had been terraced down to the foreshore ; beautifully manicured lawns and perfectly planned gardens sweeping out from the patio , a swimming pool surrounded by a colonnaded pavilion on a lower level , a tennis court below that , and finally a boatshed and wharf .
the image of two bulls locking horns agitated her mind as she glanced nervously towards the flight of steps leading down from the garden level to the pool terrace .
' if she was in the garden , any man might be tempted to take time out to smell the roses ! '
buying the doona had been total self - indulgence but she 'd loved it on sight , the brilliant scarlet printed so exotically with graceful sprays of flowers and pagodas and chinese ladies in traditional dress , carrying pretty shade umbrellas and walking over curved bridges which invariably featured in the chinese gardens the tour group had visited .
there were no gardens to distract the eye from it .
access to them was by flights of steps , as well as a rather steep driveway from top to bottom just inside the security wall on the left - hand side , mainly used , chloe imagined , by eric driving a mini - tractor carrying garden tools up and down .
chapter fourteen chloe sat on the garden bench in the small backyard , feeding luther pieces of ham as he frolicked around her feet .
though the brief sense of cavalier bravado took an abrupt dive when she spotted her mother watering the garden and caught the astonished look on her face as the alpha turned into the driveway with her daughter in the driver 's seat .
' how about putting down that garden hose so i can give you a birthday hug ? '
the garden tap had to be turned off .
so was the garden and lawn .
' i ' ve got some work to do in the garden .
ruth worthington could n't stop smiling as she moved around her garden with her secateurs and a basket , choosing and snipping off the geranium cuttings her next door neighbour wanted .
she unlocked the alfa and waited beside it , wondering how she was going to cope in his company all day long - a morning visit to the aquarium , lunch in one of the many restaurants overlooking darling harbour , idling the afternoon away at the children 's playground or the japanese gardens .
a cheap little garden , skye thought , but one that gave her pleasure .
' you could take her for a walk , nonno , and show her your garden . '
there were no formal gardens , just a few artistically placed palm trees - big fat pineapple - shaped palms with a mass of fronds growing out of the top .
the grass is green , the old gum trees are marvellous , the cottage garden around this country style house is very pretty .
she was more relaxed with him by the time they arrived at the art gallery , a well - designed building that faced out onto a delightful japanese garden .
when they finally arrived at the property where fletcher had booked them in - the closest one to ned 's beach which was the most popular beach on the island they were told , it too was secluded behind trees and beautifully nestled in tropical gardens , offering an immediate sense of exclusive tranquillity .
not only were there seemingly endless rows of grapevines stretching off into the distance , but there was a thriving business attached to it ; a large restaurant with an open - air courtyard surrounded by a beautiful rose garden , an arts and craft shop selling the work of local artists , an amazing underground cellar for wine - tasting , the huge sheds where the wine was made and bottled , and a motel where she and her friends and other wedding guests were being accommodated during the weekend .
having collected glasses of champagne from the bar , they strolled out to the rose garden - all red roses , scenting the air .
they sat on one of the garden benches , enjoying the delightful ambience as they sipped the celebratory drink in the twilight of this wonderful day .
there were no gardens , just green lawn and trees along the side fence - line , giving the setting a wonderful simplicity that highlighted the splendid grace of the house .
chapter thirteen daisy and ethan arrived at rosehill gardens in a chauffeured limousine - no parking problem , no drunkdriving problem .
their parents , who could n't afford such expensive luxuries , might resent such largesse , although she could n't bring herself to tell him so , saying only she 'd be taking a bag of little easter eggs to be hidden in the garden for the treasure hunt , and too much was too much .
nevertheless , it was a good , friendly neighbourhood , neat , tidy , gardens well tended , and daisy was not about to apologise for its lack of class .
she slipped out to the back garden and hid her easter eggs for the treasure hunt before the children trooped inside from the street .
fat mary is a big woman who lives in the corner downstairs flat and sunbathes topless in her garden , even though it is overlooked , by all the other flats in the block .
when we reach the top , i turn to look down upon the magnificent garden maze .
and now i long to go into the extensive garden .
i lean back and finally understand what billie meant when she said the food portions in american restaurants are the size of garden sheds .
i could walk through my garden forever , alfred tennyson this morning he calls me and tells me he is coming to see me .
besides , i always dreamed of a reception in a beautiful spring garden . '
i 'd like sorab to have a garden to play in so we 'll be moving to a house in kensington palace gardens . '
i 'd like sorab to have a garden to play in so we 'll be moving to a house in kensington palace gardens . '
when they are part of the fantasy garden a billionaire banker pays to create for his bride .
she wanted a spring garden wedding .
overnight , the nave has been transformed into a fantasy garden .
the tropical liana vines entwined with flowers and leaves that droop down from the vaulted ceiling give the illusion that the aisle is a garden path .
i open the door , dart down the corridor , take the small staircase at the back , and cross over to the long corridor that leads to the vegetable gardens .
i need to enter the forbidden garden to get the forbidden fruit .
for ours is only a brief interlude , fleeting like the sound of children 's laughter as you pass a neighbor 's garden .
after about a mile of driving through the estate we passed the long , high brick - walled kitchen garden .
in the painting i am sitting in a garden , and the garden is so lush and so dreamy that the viewer will convince himself that it must be paradise .
in the painting i am sitting in a garden , and the garden is so lush and so dreamy that the viewer will convince himself that it must be paradise .
she can see her husband and son at the bottom of the garden .
at the double doors that lead to the garden she takes off her slippers and steps lightly on the tiles .
he glanced from his brothers to the wide front windows overlooking a stretch of neatly tended lawn and garden that stretched for almost a quarter of a mile before feeding into the road .
` ` not exactly the wedding every little girl dreams of , '' gina whispered to herself as she looked around the interior of the luxury garden the ceremony was taking place in .
roses from the ranch garden .
` ` we ' ve got a garden full of guests out there and the musicians are tuning up .
gina king 's hospital room was lavishly appointed and filled with so many flowers , it looked like an english garden .
the interior was just as rigid and unforgiving as the gardens .
` ` on the high pasture , '' he told her , easing around the corner of the log house to walk toward a rose garden that had originally been planted by his mother .
` ` the garden looks good , '' she said abruptly .
the rose garden spread out just behind the ranch house .
the garden was laid out in circles , each round containing a different color and kind of rose .
soon , maggie knew , the garden would be bursting with color and scent .
to her right was a stone bench , and she heard the splash of the water from the fountain that sat directly in the middle of the garden .
she and justice had raced outside , determined to save his mother 's garden .
bill hansen 's garden supply shop handled the tables , chairs and even the striped umbrellas that would shade wedding guests at the reception .
there was an older model , red suv parked dead center and a few lawn and garden tools stacked along the last wall .
i just picked a lemon in the garden of love . ''
the garden lights were on , spilling small circles of golden radiance across the grass and neatly tended flowerbeds .
the winter garden was sparse , but even in the dimly lit darkness , rose could imagine how beautiful it all was in daylight .
on the other side of the railing , soft , outdoor lighting made golden puddles in the garden .
she shook her head , pushed her long blond hair back from her face and turned to sweep her gaze across the manicured flower gardens , the happy kids and the brilliant blue sky overhead .
but the most beautiful part of the garden was the roses .
alex turned her back on the garden and pushed herself up to sit beside her mother .
i could hear the shouts all the way to the garden . ''
behind him , closer to the palace , was a hedge maze and a rose garden that filled the air with amazing scents .
which was n't easy in a house no bigger than a good - sized garden shed .
daisy handled one of the ranch garden hoses , shooting streams of water on the flames as the men beat at the fire with wet blankets .
aunt elinor predicted gaily as she , too , arose , all eagerness to begin foraging about in the gardens and woods for her ingredients .
she was not in the garden , nor had she taken a horse from the stable , anne was informed by a groom .
he laughed at something she said , and whitney flushed as she recalled the way he had laughed with her in the garden .
the last thing whitney wanted to do was admit to anyone that she 'd been foolish enough to go into the garden with a man whom she was now certain she 'd never met before .
and then , four weeks ago , he had stood in the armands ' garden , drinking in her presence and fighting down the insane impulse to bend his head and slowly , endlessly , kiss the irreverent laughter from her soft , inviting lips , to carry her into the darkness and make love to her right there .
shall we walk in the garden ? ''
a pair of now familiar gray eyes glinted down at her in the armands ' garden .
she looked incredibly beautiful in that dusky pink gown , framed by the wide sweep of emerald lawns behind hen a single , breathtaking rose blooming in a garden of green .
late in the afternoon , as she wandered aimlessly among the last blooms in the rose garden , whitney 's active mind turned from the contemplation of problems to the consideration of solutions .
in comparison to the vastness of claymore , grand oak was small , but she entertained frequently and lavishly in the spacious house which stood before five guest pavilions and was surrounded by glorious gardens and arbors .
together they strolled through vast formal gardens with sleeping flower beds arranged in lavish geometric patterns , their borders precise and manicured .
the crowded pit at covent garden was occupied by boisterous , restless people who stepped on sherry 's feet and bumped her shoulder constantly , but she scarcely noticed .
the following thursday , after seeing that their husbands were occupied elsewhere , victoria and whitney arrived early at covent garden , and from the vantage point of their box , scanned the faces of every new arrival who entered the pit and the gallery , searching for one particular face .
that , sherry knew , would mark her last trip to the pits of covent garden .
as they wandered past rose beds and flower gardens , he started asking her about herself .
outside , he walked across the yard , past the overgrown patch that had been his mother 's vegetable garden , while he searched the fields off to the right for a sign of her .
the floors of the villa were stone , covered with bright patches of carpet and huge urns of flowers from her garden .
chapter four surrounded by aprivate garden filled with the scent of blooming jasmine and frangipani , kate donovan stood on the terrace of the villa that evan had reserved for them at the island club and gazed at a scene that looked very much like a slice of paradise .
the island of anguilla was breathtakingly beautiful , and the hotel was a fairy - tale moorish palace , with domes and turrets and fabulous gardens , but she was completely alone .
` ` there are thirty private villas scattered along the beach , each with its own garden and terrace and a panoramic view of the water .
a balmy breeze drifted in from the gardens through the open terrace doors as she pressed the button for the hotel operator and asked to be connected with mitchell wyatt 's room .
i understood what the bellmen were talking about just now , that dog is doing the gardens a whole lot of harm because he 's so big , '' mitchell said as he opened the car door for her .
the story was humorous , but it involved kate 's father , and she shifted her gaze to the garden , trying to decide if she could tell it without feeling sad .
kate gazed into the gardens on her right , listening to the surf tumbling rhythmically onto the shore , while she contemplated ways to get him to talk about himself without appearing to pry .
in the trees at the border of the garden behind her , something made a rustling noise , but this time kate did n't feel any alarm or bother to look around .
chapter eleven listlessly , kate wanderedto the edge of the garden .
she thought about how overjoyed she 'd felt last night when mitchell walked up behind her in the garden and told her , brother 's name was william . ''
was a little uneasy about being on a leash when i took him outside in the garden this morning , '' she told mitchell as they walked down the path from the villas toward the hotel 's main entrance , he did n't try to get away from me . ''
at the edge of the garden near the beach was the clump of palms she 'd been standing under when mitchell relented and came back to answer some of her questions ... my brother 's name was william .
he 'd really been outrageously frank about his intentions that night , but he 'd wanted her badly enough to change his mind and come back to her in the garden .
shaking inside , kate watched him walk out onto the patio and into the garden .
desperate to get herself under control and to get out of there before evan walked in from the garden , she threw the towel down and splashed cold water onto her face ; then she opened the door a crack and saw that the living room was empty .
instead , you insisted on knowing something about him first , so he had to come back to you and tell you about his brother ; then he had to start actively seducing you in the garden .
` ` his lordship 's got forty of 'em , countin ' the ones what takes care of the real gardens - the gardens at the house , i mean . ''
instead of pouncing on the missiles she 'd thrown at him , as she expected him to , the animal jerked away from its garden feast and bolted into the woods with its tail between its legs .
` ` i think it was a- '' she watched as the gray beast trotted stealthily back to the garden and gobbled the apples and carrots ; then it ran back into the woods , its bushy tail still between its legs .
flowers bloomed everywhere - in flower boxes and gardens where loving care was lavished upon them , and wild on the hills and in the meadows , tended only by mother nature .
as they passed across the landing , victoria paused to look down upon the foyer below , which had been turned into a wondrous flower garden in honor of her ball , with giant pots of airy ferns and huge baskets of white roses .
` ` chaste pecks are permissible between an engaged couple in the rose garden ; however , more passionate kissing must be done with more discretion , in the arbor . ''
finally , forcing herself to sit up , she dried her eyes while her mind continued to torment her with images of her own folly : she saw herself in the garden the day before they were we d : ` ` are you going to kiss me ? ''
they paraded across her mind , tormenting her with vivid scenes of the mindlessly infatuated , besotted girl she had been ... she saw herself looking up at jordan in the garden at rosemeade .
the only money she had was from the last quarterly allowance tony had given her , but that would n't be enough to rent a cottage , buy wood for the winter , and purchase the things she and filbert and penrose would require until they could get a vegetable garden started .
jordan stared down at the tempestuous young beauty in the provocative lemon - yellow gown , her face both delicate and vivid with her stormy aegean - blue eyes and rose - petal lips , and he suddenly saw her as she 'd looked the last time she 'd worn light yellow - standing in his grandmother 's garden , her enchanting face turned up to the sky , while she explained to him in her soft , sweet voice : ` ` every season of the year comes with a promise that something wonderful is going to happen to me someday .
` ` a long time ago , in my grandmother 's garden , you asked me to say what i feel and think , and i ' m trying to do that .
tony paused to bend down and pluck a rose growing in the small garden .
after approximately a quarter of an hour , lord anthony and your wife left the house together and went into the garden at the side of the house , out of sight of the occupants of the house .
` ` while they were in the garden they embraced and kissed one another .
` ` how can you possibly overlook a veritable garden of flowers ? ''
` ` what color are the roses on the arch at the gardens ? ''
elizabeth had felt a little foolish , but she had done as instructed , for oliver 's expertise as a gardener was unquestionable havenhurst 's gardens had improved dramatically in the months since he 'd come there .
afterward he 'd asked if she would like a small garden for her own , and when elizabeth nodded they 'd strolled through the seedlings in the greenhouse , beginning to plan what flowers she ought to plant .
side by side they sat upon the garden bench until twilight made reading impossible , while elizabeth read to him about ancient and modern methods of helping plants grow stronger and more vibrant .
within five years elizabeth 's ` ` little '' garden encompassed most of the main beds .
when oliver 's health required he go to a warmer clime , elizabeth missed him greatly and spent even more time in her gardens .
by the time elizabeth arrived the grounds of the estate were already filled with guests who were flirting and laughing and drinking liberal quantities of the champagne that gurgled forth from crystal fountains in the garden .
elizabeth took her first swallow of the wine she 'd been given as soon as she stepped from the house into the garden .
darkness had fallen over the garden , and elizabeth realized she ought to go inside , yet she lingered , somehow reluctant to leave the enveloping intimacy of the garden .
` ` we were watching from the far end of the garden .
that notion was so absurd that elizabeth would have burst out laughing if she were n't so embarrassed and oddly let down by the way he 'd left her in the garden .
standing with him in the garden , she 'd felt frightened and exhilarated at the same time - drawn to him against her very will by a compelling magnetism that he seemed to radiate .
at the edge of the garden she stopped and then turned to the right and stepped into the arbor .
` ` i believe , '' valerie said in a cool voice , ` ` that she was last seen going out into the garden .
i thought to escape it in the garden , and when that failed i went upstairs to lie down for a short while . ''
it was only the second time in her life she 'd actually used the feminine wiles she was born with the first time being her first encounter with ian thornton in the garden and she was a little amazed by her easy success .
by the time she finally located alex in the garden , elizabeth had almost convinced herself of all those things .
chapter 8 alexandra took one look at elizabeth 's carefully composed features and fixed smile and was not fooled for a moment , nor was bentner , who 'd been entertaining alex with stories about elizabeth 's efforts in the gardens .
in that prolonged moment of silence two longtime friends sat in a rose garden , looking raptly at each other while time rolled back and they were girls again - lying awake in the dark , confiding their dreams and troubles and inventing schemes to solve them that always began with ` ` if only ... '' ` ` if only , '' elizabeth said as a smile dawned across her face and was matched by the one on alex 's , ` ` i could convince them that we do n't suit- '' ` ` which should n't be hard to do , '' alex cried enthusiastically , ` ` because it 's true . ''
she accosted me in a garden at a party . ''
putting down her quill , she wandered outside , visited with the horse in the barn , and finally decided to attack the large patch of weeds and struggling flowers at the rear of the cottage that had once been a garden .
by the time the sun started its lazy descent she had cleared the worst of the weeds and dug up some bluebells , transplanting them to the garden in neat rows , to give the best show of color in the future .
turning back to the garden , she shoveled the last of the compost around the bowers , then she stood up and brushed off her hands .
it occurred to her , though , that it must seem odd to him that a guest was rooting about in his garden like a menial .
` ` i hope you do n't mind , '' she said , nodding toward the garden , ` ` but the flowers could n't breathe with so many weeds choking them .
yesterday 's travel and today 's work in the garden had combined to make her feel positively grimy .
the gardens at havenhurst were his work .
elizabeth glanced at the cigar , smiled , and started to shake her head , then she stopped , assailed by a memory of him standing in a garden nearly two years ago .
` ` the truth is that my actions that first night , when we met in the garden and i asked you to dance with me , were foolish - no , shameless . ''
if i 'd believed when we were standing in the garden that you realized what the hell you were asking for when you flirted with a man of my years and reputation , i 'd have taken you up on your offer , and we 'd both have missed the dancing . ''
as soon as the dishes were put away she went to her work in the garden , only to have him appear at her side a few minutes later , a worried expression on his face .
they had wanted each other from that first night in the garden .
she did n't know , could not yet comprehend , that love was a gift that had been given to them in a torchlit garden the moment they met .
a smile touched his lips as he thought of her in the garden the night they met ; she could challenge a roomful of men , but in the garden , when she was flirting with him , she 'd been so nervous that she 'd rubbed her palms against her knees .
spread out before him in colorful splendor were the most magnificent flower gardens ian had ever beheld .
` ` because , '' he said quietly as she stood up , ` ` until you walked into it , this was an ordinary garden . ''
` ` speaking of shrubbery , '' she teased , pausing on the balcony to cast a last fond look at the ` ` arbor '' of potted trees with silk blossoms that occupied one - fourth the length of the entire ballroom , ` ` everyone is talking about having gardens and arbors as themes for future balls .
` ` i see that now , '' he teased , then he said more solemnly , ` ` but as it happens it was not your face which i found so beguiling when we met in the garden , because , '' he added when she looked unconvinced , ? i could n't see it . ''
on those occasions when she saw his expression become inexplicably grim , she teased him or kissed him , and , if those ploys failed , she presented him with little gifts - a flower arrangement from havenhurst 's gardens , a single rose that she stuck behind his ear , or left upon his pillow .
sitting alone before the fire in the drawing room , two months after her disappearance , he gazed into the flames , trying to concentrate on the meeting he was going to have with jordan and some other business acquaintances the next day , but it was elizabeth he saw in his mind , not profit and cost figures ... ... elizabeth kneeling in a garden of flowers ; elizabeth firing pistols beside him ; elizabeth sinking into a mocking throne - room curtsy before him , her green eyes glowing with laughter ; elizabeth looking at him as she waltzed in his arms : ` ` have you ever wanted something very badly - something that was within your grasp - and yet you were afraid to reach out for it ? ''
epilogue standing on the terrace near the balustrade , ian gazed out at the magnificent gardens of montmayne , where elizabeth and their three - year - old daughter , caroline , were kneeling among the geraniums , examining the vivid blooms .
crouching down , he put his arm around the little boy 's shoulders and gestured toward the garden .
there are the small herb beds - which my grandmother designed after a medieval kitchen garden - and past that , the tall , dark wall of the hedge maze .
i try not to notice that they ' ve built a small cafe in the atrium now , or that they ' ve set up a sandwich board on the place where i once tried to start a small vegetable garden .
they ' ve set up tables and chairs among the indoor gardens , and there 's an open bar on the far side of the room .
i march back through the house and out one of the side doors , into the moon garden .
i ' ve seen many of these brochures before - the large glossy fold - out map , the one describing all of the spa amenities , the ` ` self - guided garden tour '' -but my eyes fall on the one entitled ` ` history of huntington manor . ''
meeting at the pool is a little riskier than meeting out in the gardens somewhere - or at least , it would have been if we had n't gotten a report only this morning that the security cameras were glitching out up there .
instead i rush out one of the side doors and into the herb garden .
slowly dylan lowered callie to her feet and began walking towards the garden .
i do n't want to have to pick flowers from the garden for you on saturday . ''
maureen o'brien asked when charlie walked into the back flower garden friday afternoon .
charlie reached for another weed only to realize all the ones in that part of the garden were gone .
the garden is gorgeous , '' sara said alerting him to her presence .
he took her hand and led her toward the stairs to the garden .
he 'd watched the landscapers construct every part of the garden and he could navigate it with his eyes closed .
the walk from the garden to his study was about as pleasant as a walk to the gallows .
a game at the garden would provide him with a few hours of mindless entertainment .
she 'd paused to admire the interior and exterior of the garage as well as the flower gardens they passed as they followed the walkway to the house .
she and trent had retreated outside to one of the well - manicured flower gardens .
sprinkled throughout the garden were lemon queen sunflowers , which bloomed in the late summer and early fall .
` ` i think it 's sweet autumn clematis , my mom had some in her garden , but i ' m not positive . ''
her eyes roamed over the garden , amazed at all the variation and how well they blended together .
the memory of trent holding james in connecticut formed , and their conversation from the garden replayed .
we arrive at the restaurant and a hostess escorts us down a path lined with lit tiki torches through a garden with waterfalls and tropical foliage .
on one side it overlooked the magnificent property that was part vineyards and orchards and part landscaped gardens , with the valley and mountains in the distance , and on the other side , the breathtaking sea and shoreline .
the patio led to the highest area overlooking the sea , a massive terrace garden that was illuminated by golden lights planted everywhere like luminescent flowers .
they 'd just ended such a session and were heading out to the barbecue house at the seafront terrace garden to have lunch , after which he 'd said they 'd explore more of the estate .
they 'd already taken their place at an improvised stage in the terrace garden that had been cleared for the dancers , evidently all of rodrigo 's family .
she rushed down the path between their guests , his family and friends and colleagues , in one of the plateau gardens overlooking his vineyards on one side and the sea on the other , feeling like she was treading air , forging deeper into heaven .
to complete the garden of eden setting , beside the prerequisite horses , camels , sheep and goats , wildlife was plentiful .
draped in the illumination of a breathtaking sunset , jutting from a peninsula hugged by crystalline waters , the palace crouched like the starship of some giant alien race among many satellites , nestled between expanses of lush landscaped gardens and pristine white beaches , a construction conjured by the highest order of magic , the collaboration of a thousand genies in the era when impossibilities were everyday occurrences , and transported intact through time .
the wedding was taking place in the southern gardens , where the desert and sea winds remained calm as the night deepened .
the two - story ceiling made her feel she could fly if she wanted to , the flood of golden light pouring from the floor - to - ceiling window imbuing her with such serenity and a sense of freedom and providing an unrestrained view of a stunning internal garden and swimming pool .
he was laying out vegetables on the worktop , the spring onions , mushrooms and bell peppers they 'd picked from his garden , when she reached critical mass .
she thought his men had witnessed all their intimacies in the gardens .
at some point , he started alternating forkfuls between them , and sharing the meal with him that way surpassed even the intimacy of the frenzied time they 'd shared in the gardens .
after the surreal madness of those minutes in the gardens , she 'd shied away from visualizing what would really happen between them .
she 'd thrown away her wariness at shehab 's first touch , would have braved any recriminations or repercussions to be one with him , once , in those gardens .
he held one foot after the other , slipped off her sandals , then , as in the gardens , he pressed one to his heart .
during the break between the first and second quarter , we were approached by a balding man in a suit with a nametag that indicated he was a member of the hospitality staff at madison square garden .
we met at the botanic gardens event . ''
eventually , he secured a spot on a garden wall that was close enough to watch what was going on yet far enough away to not be a hindrance .
i made my way first to the shakespeare garden with a second glass of champagne in hand , stopping here and there to admire the unusual plants , their fragrances mixing and lying heavily in the sweltering june air .
from there , i journeyed through the japanese hill - and - pond garden .
i 'd only made it a few feet along the pathway when hudson stepped out from a nearby bush and took my hand , pulling me back toward the garden entrance .
` ` or you could take me here in the gardens . ''
i was already slippery down below remembering our trip to the botanic gardens .
still i kept on , rushing through the gardens and leisure seating arranged across the building top , trying to find a spot where i could be alone , where i could breathe , where i could sort out my paranoia from the legitimacy of the situation .
and then he was there again that night at the botanic gardens .
` ` or the brooklyn botanic gardens during the cherry blossom season ? ''
epilogue april she 's the most beautiful bride that 's ever graced the brooklyn botanic gardens .
their pale pink dresses exactly matched the blossoms on alayna 's veil and in the garden .
the brooklyn botanic society does n't usually rent out the whole garden for weddings .
i saw a rather large oak in one of the smaller gardens .
but now , we have a garden full of guests that i ' m going to tend to .
not today , and not in vegas , but in a church if you like , or at mabel shores in the hamptons- '' ` ` or the brooklyn botanic gardens during the cherry blossom season ? ''
peter rabbit scavenges mr . mcgregor 's garden on another .
` ` to the roof garden . ''
` ` the roof garden ? !
maybe i 'll take you up to the roof garden again this time . ''
madison took lexi on a walk through anna 's garden , pointing out all the vegetables they had planted and which ones she liked and which ones she did n't .
there was one of lexi and madison in the garden .
out back , off to one side was the basketball court and on the other was a gorgeous outdoor garden for guests to escape to if the noise inside became too much .
out in the garden , everything was peaceful .
most of the crowd was still inside , while couples trickled through the garden looking to share some quiet time .
` ` i was out in the garden .
then i heard jade and reid out on the garden talking about it and ... making out .
all of the photos seemed to be taken while they had been tucked in the dark corner of the garden where lexi had discovered them that night .
i walked over to a beautifully lit gazebo that sat in the middle of a large flower garden .
or maybe the columned arcades , fountains , indoor gardens , reflecting pools , sun and wind passing freely from ingeniously positioned and decorated openings , plus a feast of color touched by gold and bronze and silver gave you a clue ? ''
it sprawled in many levels , crouching over the highest point in the landscape , surrounded by manicured , mature gardens that on one side gave way to a mile - deep , golden beach , on another to the terrain where the road ended , and on the remaining sides to densely verdant groves ripe with fruit .
and during the idyll of recuperation and recreation , they 'd remained in the cottage or its garden , with the oasis people coming periodically to check their needs and replenish their supplies .
he stumbled to a stop at the far edge of the cottage 's garden , stared up at the preternaturally clear and steady stars .
after the kids had been taken to the mansion 's garden to play , king atef rose .
her steps picked up speed as her exit to the palace gardens neared ... then it disappeared .
everything is arranged in an exquisite amalgam of ottoman and andalusian summer courtyard style , with waterways and gardens nestled within the interior- '' ` ` as i have seen . ''
` ` we met in this awesome inside garden that has the most amazing aqueduct system running through it .
i thought you 'd take me someplace peculiar , like a secret zen garden in the middle of the city where you sit and chant . ''
by the time he pulled into the driveway at cider mill farm , the old guy with blue hair at the end of the road was outside watering his small container garden .
he was waiting for them at the end of the easement road , holding a large canvas tote bag in one hand and a small bouquet of red roses fresh from his garden in the other .
` ` i found this in my rose garden about ten minutes ago . ''
isabelle had made garlic mashed potatoes and an old - fashioned iceberg lettuce salad with homemade dressing and fresh tomatoes from their small vegetable garden at cider mill farm .
there was one drugstore near his farm in bucks county that even sold garden supplies .
mac would n't be on his regular schedule today , which would make it a little trickier to get him to notice her on the streets of garden city .
therefore , at eight thirty she was on the practically deserted streets of garden city in a bright pink tank top and black running shorts .
first , you go roaring off on the back of dom 's bike , and next you 're flying down the streets of garden city wrapping yourself around a car .
jax led me through open french doors onto a terrace overlooking a magical garden .
yet a lush cold - weather garden battled the severe effect by subtly beckoning .
you will go through a garden past my little home , and you can see lovely blooms all around .
he entered the garden and found it nice but not the earth - shattering experience maria thought it was .
her home consisted of a main house with two wings , separated from the palazzo by the garden as well as a sturdy gate , open now .
not imposing mansions with a tease of a garden , or even a park to really whet the appetite , but miles and miles of land laid out in flats and swells like the ocean .
as soon as the door closed , derek turned toward the back of the mansion , where he d spotted an ivy - covered garden wall .
in comfortable silence , we rode , and as we gained distance from the manicured gardens and the tennis court , the guest houses and the garage , we saw more wildlife .
between the roman numerals , i could gaze out and see the misty seine below , the lights of the louvre and the tuileries garden .
guests were directed through the museum and out to the garden , where the majority of the party would be held , where crowds of well - dressed people mingled while sipping cocktails and champagne , discussing money and each other and whoever happened to be the gossip of the day .
an orchestra sat at one end of the garden , a dj booth for the after party at the other .
i made my way across the garden , shaking a few hands and thanking others for their donations , keeping sara in my peripheral vision as i went .
i walked around the edge of the garden , stepping behind sara and tapping her on one bare shoulder .
by the time i remembered the rest - the dinner we 'd missed , the silent auction he 'd gone to attend , the beautiful garden i 'd escaped to after our ... encounter , too much time had already passed for me to add to my one - word answer .
we went downstairs , into the living room and through an arch i had n't noticed before , past a short foyer , and into an enclosed porch on the side of the house overlooking a flower garden .
close to the house , a flower garden , sectioned by paths of flagstones , spanned from the main house to the pool house .
both held advanced degrees in gossip and hearsay , so in their garden of chatter , a seed of truth often sprouted leaves and flowers of beautiful lies .
her figure is perfect ; her profile is as delicately sculpted as one of the greek marbles in moorcliffe 's garden temple .
a garden with vegetables for us and flowers for me - amazing , to think of having my own bit of earth to plant flowers .
there was a huge swimming pool surrounded by a rooftop garden .
take half the crew to the houses , dig a wide line along the wild - land border , and keep the roofs and gardens wet . ''
crossing between vegetable patches , they followed the girl over to a small shack , no bigger than a ten - by - ten garden shed .
it amazed tamara that beth could manage to look like she was going for cocktails when she was working in her own garden .
i ' ve never been in a tent in my life , unless it was the catering tent at a garden party . ''
` ` yeah , well , i do n't think we heard an ounce of truth , because if you listened to that girl , strickland is as thick as a jar of pasta sauce and as long as a garden hose , both of which i ' m pretty sure are physically impossible .
it looked like it belonged in someone 's garden .
a little blonde was hurrying toward him on the public garden 's pedestrian bridge .
i ' m in the garden talking to you ! ''
the design reminded him of a garden his aunt elena had once spelled together for an orgy .
we spend the rest of the dinner in silence before we all step into the gardens for drinks while the tables are cleared away .
complete with the bay windows he mentioned before and a balcony off the second bedroom , not to mention the gorgeous rose garden in the backyard , it 's perfect .
` ` i took a walk in the garden today .
quinn pulled into the drive - through of a mcdonald 's rest stop off the garden state parkway , then leaned one arm over the back of her seat and glanced her way .
ryan still looked like he was about to be sick and zoe was certain the reasons had to run deeper than the fact that he 'd messed up elena 's flower garden .
she has a garden that i suspect means more to her than any of her children . ''
` ` make a left out of here and get back onto the garden state . ''
zoe cringed and waited for the fallout while ryan dug around the garden for the pig .
zoe vividly recalled the moment in her own mother 's garden when he 'd de scribed the prized roses , and decided all hope of keeping the peace , and ryan on their side , was lost .
i promised grandma vivian i 'd help her fix up the garden . ''
cautious , rafe headed out the side door - and nearly tripped on his brother , who was struggling to attach a garden hose to the spigot on the side of the house .
chapter two dusk was setting on the horizon when roman entered norman 's garden restaurant , named in part for norman hanover senior , who 'd first opened the place , and in part for the gardens across the street .
chapter two dusk was setting on the horizon when roman entered norman 's garden restaurant , named in part for norman hanover senior , who 'd first opened the place , and in part for the gardens across the street .
he likes the gardens across from norman 's , '' he said , thinking .
bought property , moved in , put up a fence and a bunch of garden gnomes .
jaxxon raced to the garden to find isabel laughing hysterically on the ground .
` ` i have visions of all the flowers bursting from frank 's garden in my head right now . ''
you might have to settle for a medium sized garden instead of a giant park . ''
` ` and yet , here we are ... living with one another in a home with a garden , you pregnant with our child .
i told him his own garden had more than enough for me .
he said he was going to take his time getting started on the new and improved ' us ' , but i guess when we had that conversation in the garden i really did n't take him that literally .
apparently , the day that we had our little wine tasting and walk in the garden , william left the company .
i ' m almost relieved to know that it was n't my imagination that had william worried about our relationship that day in the garden .
they have a lovely garden .
` ` i noticed that gloria has a beautiful rose garden with paths .
this garden reminds me of my love life .
i do n't want to muck this up by pulling your skirt up in the garden . ''
it has a big window and a garden . ''
i ' m going from a tiny windowless cell to a garden terrace room ?
i was standing in the entrance of a room that looked a hell of a lot like an indoor garden of eden .
he disappeared into the garden , singing a tune whose lyrics included things about a damn pretty momma living in the junk .
i was about to reply , but abby beat me to it , coming through the entrance to the sunroom from the garden , saying , ` ` speaking of boobs , tim , would you mind tracking your son down , please ?
he 's harassing the bees , and i ' m never going to convince them to help us pollinate this garden if he keeps doing that . ''
he flew away , out into the garden , yelling , ` ` wiiillyyyyyy !
we can always go out into the garden if you 'd prefer .
tim appeared from out in the garden , dragging his son along with him .
she 's late for a meeting , '' i heard her say as they lifted up and flew away through the door to the garden .
` ` i think you 'd better just bring me out into the garden .
i picked him up and carried him out of my room and into the garden .
i asked , taking a moment to look around the garden , my hand supporting the base of the flower where the petals were secured .
the air was crisp , so it felt like i should be seeing dead things and red leaves , but this place looked more like a garden in spring .
` ` this place is like ... a magic garden or something .
the garden of eden . ''
i knew my future was going to be full of learning how to manage it , so for now , i just wanted to be me -just jayne- in the garden .
i just talk to the flowers and my garden partners , and we do everything we can to make it work . ''
` ` garden partners ? ''
we 're all here for the garden . ''
even my mom 's garden did n't come close to this one .
you have to leave the garden right now ! ''
all my problems and worries seemed to float out and away from me , up into the air and out of the garden .
i was lying on the ground in the garden , sticks jabbing me uncomfortably in the back .
abby had stayed in the garden with her son , the mischievous little wannabe nostril explorer .
time for you to go play in the garden . ''
i should just go into that friggin garden and never come out . ''
i can just wander around the compound , hanging out , taking naps in the garden , floating up into the ether and visiting with chase ... '' maggie rudely interrupted me .
` ` they 're playing spider - nakies in the garden . ''
` ` come on , lovebug , momma needs to get you to the garden . ''
i had my hand on the door when abby 's voice came to us from the garden area .
i yelled out towards the garden .
i guess i 'll just have to let the entire universe fall into the hands of demons so we can go play hide and seek in the garden with our wayward child . ''
came a voice from the garden area .
i have to go find him out in the garden . ''
becky looked out towards the garden .
what kind of provider would i be , hiding in the garden with my wife ?
` ` well , the garden for one .
looking out towards the garden , i did n't see any other pixies , but that did n't mean they were n't there .
tim buzzed out to the garden over to his table , disappearing for a few seconds into the plants before coming back over to sit on the back of the couch to my left .
i smiled , looking out towards the garden .
i ran back to get it , watching abby flit from flower to flower out in the garden on my way past .
abby had disappeared deeper into the garden , leaving me alone with my thoughts .
i stood and strode over to the table in the garden area , looking for abby .
you were supposed to stay with your momma and papa in the garden . ''
then you put spells on ben 's room to trap me in there , did n't put a spell on the garden to keep me grounded like you were supposed to , and ... oh yeah ... spelled the shit out of spike to keep him in demon form .
i was standing in the entrance to the garden , but no answer came to my ears .
i finally let her go , and as soon as we broke contact my anger just disappeared into the empty wind that blew in from the garden .
i left spike sitting on the couch and found tim out in the garden regaling a few hundred pixies with stories of his adventures with the wild and crazy elemental , jayne blackthorne .
after a minute or so of standing in the entrance to the garden and listening to a bunch of garbage about how he single - handedly fended off a foaming buggane and saved fifty fae from certain death , i said , ` ` yo , tim ... got a minute ? ''
the rest of his arm went flying up towards his face , spraying black acid blood out around us like it was a garden hose filled with tar , the spigot turned to fully open .
the pixies , gnomes , and all their garden partners had been working for a straight week to get the place ready .
i was again reminded of the many bbc miniseries my gran had enjoyed on tv when i was a boy - lovers from times past with nothing better to do than float on a garden lake , stealing kisses in their fine clothes and flattering their dates with fancy words .
` ` she 's always been captivated by historic homes and gardens . ''
it had jimi hendrix on the front , the picture where he is in a garden at a table set for tea ; considered the last photograph of him ever taken .
i could imagine the former inhabitants having garden parties out here on a nice day with their view of the coast of wales across the bay .
i 'd like to have a garden someday but i do n't know much about plants .
my mother 's garden is in the back of the house .
` ` i want to show brynne the garden , '' he announced .
` ` no , please , my dear , let ethan show you his mother 's lovely garden .
soot bounced along ahead of us before jumping onto the brick base of an enormous garden urn flanking a secluded bench surrounded by deep purple larkspur and light blue lavender .
` ` this is so pretty , just like an english garden on a postcard . ''
i shrugged up at ethan , who was looking really intense for a simple garden tour .
he pulled me down onto the garden bench and wrapped me in his arms , burying his head at my neck .
ethan kissed me in his father 's garden for far more than a moment , but i could have done it all night .
i carefully opened the cover and held it up to one of the garden lamps to see .
i held it in the glow of the garden light so i could really get a good look .
` ` i 'll play in your garden any time , '' he muttered between soft , quick kisses to my lips , ` ` and hunt your grouse , too . ''
she would n't call it playing , but she looked like she was having a good time , garden gloves and trowel in hand , planting an ancient looking urn with some lacy green vines .
the gardens had appealed to brynne from the first day we set foot on the property .
i made sure robbie understood no lifting anything heavier than a garden hose for her .
she mentioned jonathan - the name carved on the mermaid angel statue down in garden , facing soulfully out to sea .
i had n't had the time , and had been working on my own garden and decorating projects at stonewell .
i sat on one of the garden walls and waited for him to come back .
after sir had alerted me to brynne 's situation in the garden , i 'd called 999 .
daughtry ~baptized chapter 20 26th april somerset it was a simple wedding held in the garden , overlooking the sea .
and the buyer would frown and nod sympathetically , all the while thinking about this amazing bargain , and how they could one - up the smiths at the next garden party .
all this incredible sensation that just flowed through me , building and building like roses climbing the wall of a sensual garden . ''
after we ' ve finished our pastry and coffee , we meander down small streets and alleyways until we cross a wider , busier avenue , then follow a half - hidden path into a lovely garden .
he smells of fresh air and grass from the garden , and his body is hard and hot against mine .
home and garden is completely out of the question .
when i was a kid , she 'd brew a whole gallon on a post in her garden .
as she and meg spent a relaxing morning puttering around meg 's garden and then preparing lunch together , meg assured her on several occasions that vic 's temper at her being there was a good signal , not a bad one .
she and meg grew closer as they took on several projects on the farm - expanding meg 's already extensive garden , refinishing the farmhouse 's enormous antique front porch swing , or taking shopping trips to bloomington for bulk food items or art supplies .
she struggled to focus and take part in the conversation as they walked through fields , gardens , and woods , but could tell from the other women 's concerned glances that her distracted , withdrawn state had n't gone unnoticed .
it was very pleasant , sitting and chatting with anne and james with her side pressed tightly against ian , his arm around her , sipping a lemonade while the sweet smell of honeysuckle wafted in from the garden on the light breeze .
it 's monet 's gardens , but that 's outside of the city .
she wished love were as easy as this garden .
but love was not a garden .
she left the gardens and walked into the gift shop , desperate for a book to help her get out of her head .
jack slipped it into his back pocket , thanked the man , and bought his ticket to the gardens .
` ` did you know this garden displays two hundred thousand annuals , biennials , and perennials each year ? ''
since that day in the gardens he had n't been able to stop saying it .
it was closed too when i went back that day i found you in the gardens .
she meandered through the gardens where ruby red , sky blue , and sun yellow petals were in bloom .
turning toward daryl , she continued , ` ` i think chip was working on fixing up the garden so it would be ready for the summer .
from where i was standing as i raked and hoed to prepare the space nina wanted to use for her vegetable garden , i was able to watch the inside of the lower level of the house .
he did n't even make an effort to be sly as he watched me muddle through cleaning out twigs and weeds from the garden area .
how much i wanted to hold that beautiful face in my hands and tell her it was me standing in front of her instead of some guy who worked on her garden all day , seething with jealousy as he watched her be friendly to another man .
what did they do when they were n't landscaping the gardens or cleaning up after my family and me ?
nina was talking about something concerning her garden , but it did n't matter .
when he sees you in that peacock blue dress , he 's going to want to sweep you off your feet right there in my garden . ''
99 garden street nj # 0002675 - 2006 i looked up at kim , confused as to what i was supposed to know from these notes .
or more like a walk in the garden on a beautiful summer night . ''
the stone pathway to the garden lay before me , the final walk to tristan and our new life together .
in my hand , i held my bouquet of pink and white roses straight from our garden .
you saw that picture of the nighttime garden wedding and loved it .
he lead me to the center of the garden as the harpist played a love song , and there , for the first time , we danced as husband and wife .
we could hang out in the garden during the day , swim a little in the pool , and relax at night as we figured out alternatives to ducks for the nursery , all the while i 'd be doing what i could to make sure she did n't crawl into a hole of depression i already heard traces of in her voice .
i swallow a gasp as we step out into a secluded garden terrace .
declan leads me away from our secluded little garden , back through the darkened maze of the hotel , and out to the front steps where our limo is still waiting .
the center of the drive had what seemed like a magical garden with lush bushes surrounding a stone fountain in the center .
as she worked her way through the garden pathway , she came around the corner and stopped in her tracks .
above my head was a wood pergola structure , and stretched out in front of me was a well - manicured garden , newly landscaped with trees , flowers and lush grass .
chapter 7 callum after ten minutes of waiting for stella to emerge from the garden , i got impatient , went outside and followed the route she walked through .
a nice chatty bloke my age started inquiring if i was looking to let or buy a flat and somehow - i vaguely remembered all the events - i ended up buying myself a three - bedroom flat in hyde park gardens .
i yelled as i gunned the engine and parked behind a private garden .
with a bottle in hand , i strode towards the garden outside , needing some fresh air .
i knew she had moved to hyde park gardens because her funds would n't be released unless i signed the agreement .
my plan was solid , and i knew nothing would come in between it until that night - the night where i found her in the garden , strolling about and looking like a vision .
just like any typical english garden , it was surrounded with blooming flowers , bushes and trees with fresh fruits , especially berries .
all i had done the entire time in bed was wonder how things might have been had i showed up in the garden last night .
my first plan was to go back to the spot where we had crossed paths in the garden .
consequently , on the nights her father was home , i had to wait for her in the garden for hours on end so i could kiss her and be with her for an hour or two .
there were times in those crucial waiting moments in the garden where i pondered what i wanted to come out of my relationship with her .
that was , up until her mother caught us kissing in the garden while i took a break from work .
halfway through my route towards the garden room , i had to halt my steps , stopping midway as i scrambled to the nearest powder room to gather my thoughts .
once i had found the perfect spot behind a private building , i parked in the alleyway that led to a small garden with enough trees to give us privacy .
build a red mud - brick replica in the garden and let plants grow over it .
a red mud - brick house in his garden , vines tangled through it .
in the middle of the afternoon i went outside into the rear garden to stretch my legs .
i imagined mr . stone , twenty years old with a shaved head , standing in the garden building this .
as he claimed my mouth with his i felt an edgy passion much like the first time we had kissed in his garden .
the gardens and fountains were a treat in and of themselves .
they 're covered in ivy , like the entrance to some enchanted garden in a fairy tale , and i have no doubt the family paid a small fortune to their landscapers to create that wild , ` ` overgrown '' look .
the screen gives me a number of options , everything from ` ` garden party '' to ` ` riding . ''
and for his sixtieth birthday , he hired a bunch of stunt actors to help him recreate his favorite scenes out in the garden . ''
we ended up losing both of our figures out in the garden .
this morning is about the gardens .
and damn , are these some gardens .
i ' m reminded of the impression i had when i first stood outside the gates : it 's like some overgrown enchanted garden out of a fairy tale .
` ` this is like something out of a storybook , '' i say , moving deeper into the garden .
how much does it cost to maintain a garden like this ?
i keep replaying the entire thing in my head : the argument i had with calder in the garden , garrett 's unexpected arrival , the subsequent fight .
` ` it 's a garden , miss lily , '' she says .
i was in a garden like this only a few days ago - minus the cat , admittedly - and i 'd thought it was one of the most beautiful places i 'd ever seen .
there 's no mention of our argument in the garden , either .
i ' ve been thinking more about our argument in the garden .
i groaned when the garden of forbidden pleasure was revealed .
a circular flower garden surrounded it , and a stone walkway led to the house .
are you getting out into the garden at all ? ''
we head back inside and drake completes the tour - there 's an outdoor swimming pool and garden that i only peek at through the window , as well as a home gym one level down .
it 's the same look she gave me when i took max from her earlier to show him the frog i had found in the garden .
through max 's bedroom window , i can see pace setting up the pool , and dragging my garden hose over to fill it .
the forward space had been transformed into a japanese garden , complete with full - sized junipers shaped into bonsai trees and a rock garden with a trickling waterfall .
the forward space had been transformed into a japanese garden , complete with full - sized junipers shaped into bonsai trees and a rock garden with a trickling waterfall .
somehow she tore her gaze from the relaxing garden and paused in front of the doorway .
maybe not the cheapest or the most practical solution , but this garden is my haven . ''
` ` would you prefer to sit on the garden side or the pool side ? ''
` ` the sand and rocks portions on the other side ... part of a zen garden ? ''
` ` i hope you do n't take this question the wrong way , but is a japanese garden a family tradition ? ''
` ` i never thought about the garden being a household tradition .
amery took one last look around the garden before they got on the elevator .
she could n't tell him about being inspired by ronin 's secret rooftop garden , so she hedged , ` ` it 's been a long time since i had a par - tay , and i wanted to do something different .
the stress of her day vanished when she entered the garden .
the garden designer had created a bonsai look with the trees without all the years it took to groom a tree to that size .
she paused at the sand garden and looked at the zigzag pattern .
you like being out here , naked in my garden , waiting for me , knowing i ' m as drawn to you as the bees are drawn to the brightest , sweetest blooms . ''
or in the garden .
we received your name and were intrigued by your ad designs for local organic food outlets , such as wicksburg farms , grass roots , fresh start , and the farm - to - table restaurants like nature 's bounty and juniper 's garden that specialize in the type of audience we hope to target . ''
a small tintype of a japanese zen garden she 'd planned to have mounted and framed for ronin 's office .
with the voices in his head wreaking havoc , he decided to pursue a more productive mind - set , like spending time in his zen garden , when two knocks sounded on his office door .
they sat by the pool , stretched out in the shade of the garden , and napped .
given how much she loved his rooftop garden , this three - story glass atrium , which had been designed to mimic a rain forest , would be right up her alley .
amery was aware that ronin meditated in his zen garden as well as at the altar he 'd installed in this room .
it reminded her of ronin 's rooftop zen garden in denver .
before he approached her , he spread the blanket beneath the cherry tree in the garden .
* * * amery let herself into ronin 's apartment on the forty - first floor of the okada garden tower , a high - rise in the tokyo business district .
we stopped for a quick lunch at a little deli near the public gardens to regroup .
the public gardens were just a few blocks from my apartment , and on a beautiful warm day like today , the park was alive with families , tourists , and people like us .
it sprawled across manicured gardens and a yard overlooking the endless ocean .
she ducked under the fence and detoured to the beer garden .
her pulse skipped as the hunky man ambled into the beer garden .
the mckays working in the garden , the fields , the barn .
i 'd forgotten all about this part of the garden . ''
` ` seemed pointless to plant a garden after steve died .
` ` would it be all right if i weeded that garden spot ?
` ` you ' ve never had a garden ? ''
` ` my wife has a garden that size . ''
to kill time , she filled the garden tub and added scented oil .
` ` at the beer garden with my mom . ''
their housing setup had a commune - like vibe - from the individual cabins spread out from the new main structure , to the acres of gardens , the chicken coops , the animal pens , the dairy cows , the bee hives and the fruit trees .
i ' m usually there or in the gardens . ''
yard mowed and trimmed , georgia weeded and fertilized her little garden .
she 'd even planted a vegetable garden , something she had n't done since living at the ranch .
georgia did n't check her phone saturday morning until after she 'd weeded her vegetable garden , showered and finished half a pot of coffee .
` ` as happy as i am with the gate , concession stand and beer garden receipts , i ca n't help but wonder if our take would ' ve been higher if we 'd hitched our wagon to a celebrity rider like chase mckay . ''
she liked exploring her domestic side , cooking dinner for tell and working in her tiny garden .
marriage , babies , havin ' our family and friends over for dinner , goin ' out on the town , planting a garden and sinking our roots in deep .
her head had pounded so horrifically the next morning she 'd literally taken a dirt nap in her garden .
` ` besides , i 'll be in the garden until dark . ''
he poked his head into the bathroom , happy for the oversized shower , but ambivalent about the garden tub .
over the past three years she 'd tripled the size of her gardens .
she glanced up to see chet and remy west hanging over the fence on the far side of the tomato garden .
then maybe he 'd wander down to the garden of ree and see what chores his too - tempting roomie had assigned herself today .
rielle peeled off her gloves and set them on top of the fence before she left the fenced garden .
i ' ve watched you nurturing your garden , slaving to harvest , exhausted but exhilarated .
` ` come into my secret garden , tycoon . ''
i have a higher yield in my gardens because of the bees .
` ` when you 're done dealing with chet and remy , trot your little self down to the gardens . ''
` ` when you 're done in the garden , or taking bread into town , or selling your stuff at market , what do you wear ? ''
but i realized i ca n't do that and have any kind of life outside the gardens .
he climbed out of his lexus , in desperate need to ditch his dirty clothes and hit the shower , when rielle yelled at him from the closest garden .
we 'll find a place with gardens and you can grow exotic chili peppers .
gavin tracked rielle to the garden .
his gaze slid to the cart parked alongside the garden hose display .
the expanded garden was enclosed by a five - foot - high fence .
he did n't know why rory 's mom intimidated the hell out of him ; she just did , which was ridiculous because the woman was the same size as a garden sprite .
no doubt if dalton somehow wronged her baby girl , she 'd just bury him in her garden and no one would ever know the difference .
she could weed the garden .
` ` the reason you do n't complain about cookin ' and cleanin ' , and havin ' a garden is because you really like doin ' that , do n't you ? ''
the space did look very better homes and gardens , if she did say so herself .
she drove to see her mother twice a week and checked on that garden because her brothers had no interest in maintaining it .
` ` in the fall i knew you were busy clearing out the gardens and canning , and i had to deal with sortin ' and shippin ' cattle .
i love my garden spot .
then after colby 's birth , in addition to taking care of a two - year - old and a baby , she tended their enormous garden , took on sewing projects for maxine , and with agnes 's encouragement , she 'd become involved with ladies circle at st . ignatius .
i watered the garden and the flowers on the porch when i went home ... yesterday ?
her gaze started with cord , who gripped a bouquet of flowers from her garden .
she pressed her lips together with humiliation and quickly glanced around at the intricate medieval stonework of the walled garden , the copper lanterns and luxurious potted plants .
the only part of his curse that he found even remotely tolerable was the fact that most of his summoners kept him hidden in private rooms and gardens .
we had gardens , slaves , everything she wanted .
` ` it was n't your fault , '' she said as they headed into the garden district .
ash was tailing her in the garden district , but had to let her go when he spotted a group of daimons after tourists . ''
by the looks of the place , he would surmise it was an older home probably not all that far from his own house down in the garden district .
just beside the st . louis cathedral , near the small garden behind it , acheron stopped .
her windows were open , looking out onto a garden where only black flowers grew , in memory of his dead brother .
i think infatuation is like a garden .
he cradled her against his chest as the driver gently urged her mule , caesar , onto the street , toward the garden district .
` ` somewhere over in the garden district . ''
valerius directed her to his house on third street down in the garden district .
getting into the front passenger 's seat , kyrian remained sullenly silent while julian drove them over to the garden district where kyrian 's mansion stood less than two blocks away from valerius 's .
it held three leaves from the tree of life that only bloomed in the garden of the destroyer , deep in the halls of her temple in kalosis .
she used a pool in her garden to spy on others .
epilogue one month later marguerite smiled up at wren as they stood in the small yard behind their new house in the garden district .
the car lurched as it went tearing through her neighbor 's yard , over their small white garden fence .
` ` she is in the garden , '' a female statue answered before she pointed to the opposite set of doors .
befuddled , geary trailed along through the doors that opened of their own volition into a massive garden atrium .
persephone gestured around the lush garden .
i ' m so horny i could die and my mother 's answer to my complaints ... weed her prized garden .
one second they were in the sun - filled garden , in the next they were in a dark , stinking cavern .
as was typical of her grandmother , apollymi was outside , in her garden .
now the goddess was irritated , which was manifested in her grabbing one of the sweet black pears that grew on black - barked trees of her garden .
she saw her grandmother in her garden and though she was n't weeping , kat could feel apollymi 's sadness .
closing his eyes again , he let his ensyneiditos travel out of his body , through the cosmos until he was in his mother 's garden .
` ` why were you with my mother in her garden ? ''
he saw her in her mother 's garden , laughing with other handmaidens .
instead of answering , leta took his arm before she flashed them into an escheresque garden .
trying to walk through her garden would drive anyone crazy .
the world shifted until they were again in lyssa 's garden .
more than that , you flushed all the snakes out of my garden and set me free . ''
satara had promised me that once i was dead , she 'd come to tartarus and feed me seeds from the destroyer 's garden . ''
he gestured toward his room that held a small terrace which , like mine , opened out onto the garden .
then he explored the small garden for hours .
there in the garden was acheron with the cook 's young daughter .
today , i found him with maia out in the garden .
i could n't believe the shell of a human in the guard 's arms was the same handsome boy who 'd chased maia in our garden .
yet here he stood ... artemis took him by the hand and led him toward her balcony that let out onto a garden resplendent with flowers .
artemis wondered at his presence in her temple garden .
she 'd already flashed herself from her garden to his room .
closing his eyes , he could see her running toward him in her garden , laughing .
they spent hours hunting , in shooting practice or just lying together in her garden while he played for her and she read to him .
father woke me up with a new necklace and mother and i spent the morning in our garden .
ash clenched his teeth as he pictured the garden that ryssa had kept so meticulously groomed .
apollymi turned away from her fountain to find savitar standing in her garden looking angry at her .
if nothing else , artemis would get acheron out of the way for a while ... especially if auntie were to learn that acheron had been playing in another woman 's garden .
apollymi left her dark garden with a swirl of fury as she teleported from her area of the palace to the hall where stryker held court over his daimons .
then she too faded back to her garden where she could speak to apostolos alone .
she 'd adjourned to her secluded garden that was walled in by marble .
not wanting to dwell on that , he left the garden to return to where his men were still tending to the wounded and killing those who were converting .
i live on a lot of salads that i grow in a garden behind my house .
no longer a woman full grown , she was again a little girl sitting in her grandmother 's house , playing with the dolls her grandmother had made for her and her cousin sunshine runningwolf from the corn that grew in the garden out back .
those dolls had been burned to ashes on that day and then their remains scattered in the garden to feed the new crop of corn - the symbol of life and the cycle of birth , renewal , death , and rebirth ... .
she was a scientist , not a medicine woman doling out concoctions made from things she grew in her garden .
you ca n't plant the garden until you ' ve overturned the soil .
bellini had placed her in the garden outside of velkan 's residence - a garden that was now a gnarled , unsightly mess from lack of care .
bellini had placed her in the garden outside of velkan 's residence - a garden that was now a gnarled , unsightly mess from lack of care .
` ` guess now you 'll live safely behind your picket fence , planting your garden and taking stray cats into your perfect life . ''
it brought to mind a hawaiian flea market or covent garden in london - except that the people dressed like they 'd just walked out of a history book , and the shoppers appeared to barter for what they wanted rather than buy it outright .
` ` i planted monkey seeds in a garden and i grew him !
so my dad created a monkey body for vik and buried him in the garden .
shahara stared at the quiet garden .
a fountain , with bubbling waves , marked the center of the yard and , just a few feet away , she saw a huge maze made of hedges that took up much of the left side of the garden .
stars and gases twinkled and swirled in the depths of space with varying colors that looked like a living garden .
miss the sensation of the first warm spring breeze on her skin while she sat reading in her garden .
not since that beautiful spring morning when she 'd been eight years old , eating in the garden with her mother before they 'd been kidnapped , had she felt safe .
tiyana squatted down beside the chair where kiara sat in the palace 's garden , wrapped in her mother 's old woolen shawl - something she always wore whenever she was upset .
every day , her father had her marched out here to the garden by his soldiers , thinking the beauty would soothe her and create some freakish miracle that could drive nykyrian 's memory from her .
kiara used to love sitting in the well - manicured garden behind the palace , breathing in the scent of all the flowers blooming around her , sunlight warming her skin , not doing anything except enjoying the sweet air , gossiping with tiyana .
he saw his mother in a garden , surrounded by roses .
` ` how about olive garden ? ''
we ca n't take anything from the park for our garden . ''
lifting a hand scarred from battles , vyan touched the small pottery vase she had on the table , which held fresh thyme and mint cuttings from her small garden out back .
he groans when he sees dot 's garden .
it 's a short ride to the sixth arrondissement , where luxembourg gardens are located , and i follow a group of chattering tourists who seem to have the same destination in mind .
it 's easy to distract myself and fill my second day alone in paris : i wander around the exhibits and gardens at the musee rodin , and then brave the interminable lines at the eiffel tower ... but the wait is worth it .
but in all my days exploring i still have n't been and he must know that because here we are , standing in front of what must be the most beautiful garden i ' ve ever seen .
every flower that grows on french soil is represented in this garden , he tells me proudly , and in the distance i see the museums housed on the grounds : one each for evolution , mineralogy , paleontology , entomology .
this is the blade with which the angel drove adam and eve out of the garden .
and he placed at the east of the garden of eden cherubim , and a flaming sword which turned every way , '' he quoted , gazing down at the blade .
and they were cast out of the garden because of it . ''
he 's out in the back garden , i think .
the redbrick row houses on simon 's street were divided by pretty white wrought iron fences , each of which had a gate that led to a tiny patch of garden in the back of the house .
simon realized what it was that had bothered him about the tableau of shadowhunters in the garden .
he had forgotten how fast he could run now - he was hard on jace 's heels as they rounded the corner of the church and burst out into the garden .
she found herself following the stone path where it forked , making her way toward the small garden on the institute 's east side , toward the smell of char and ashes - and a thick , sharp smell under that .
there was mist in the garden still , scattered bits of it like trails of cloud caught here and there on the edge of a rosebush or hiding under a stone .
` ` well ... you mean , you do n't remember what happened in the garden ? ''
this side of the house faced away from the canal , onto a narrow side garden turning brown and gold with autumn .
he held out the cup , and the smell of blood seemed to waft through the room like the scent of roses through a garden .
were there gardens ?
isabelle ran , crashing through a low border of hedges at the end of someone 's garden and hopping down onto the narrow brick causeway that ran below the bridge .
they were in a square garden , surrounded on two sides by the walls of the fortress and on the other two sides by a heavy growth of trees .
` ` sometimes diseased plants must be culled to preserve the whole garden , '' said valentine .
no servers or waitstaff approached them as they made their way through the room to a door in the back , and through the door into the garden .
many new york restaurants had garden terraces ; few were open this late into the year .
the walls had been painted with trompe l'oeil murals showing italian gardens full of flowers .
archer bared his teeth - flat human teeth - and stalked past him toward the garden , walker on his heels .
by the time the waiters noticed and hurried outside to rectify the problem , flooding the garden with pale light once again , camille and her human subjugates had vanished .
they would pick up a stack of books and head for the botanical garden next door , where they could read for hours , sprawled in the grass , the sound of traffic a constant dull thrumming in the distance .
he saw the gaslight and smelled the smoke and dirt and horses , the metallic tang of fog , the flowers in kew gardens .
apparently the purchase of one would entitle you to the use of a roof garden , a fitness center , a heated pool , and twenty - four - hour doorman service , starting in december .
the roof garden was as elegant as the signs had promised .
the path dead - ended at a row of raised , tiled steps , atop which was a wide square bordered on three sides by the high wall that encircled the garden .
it would be an attractive space eventually , a luxury upper east side penthouse garden where you could relax on a lounge chair , with the east river glittering under the sunset , and the city stretched out before you , a mosaic of shimmering light .
i walked the paths of the garden of eden .
she was adam 's first wife , but she fled from the garden of eden because she did n't want to obey adam or god .
she was lying on the hard tiles of the rooftop garden , one of the paving stones digging into her back .
she took a step forward , but before she could say anything , he pushed the doors open and walked back out into the garden .
he turned abruptly and walked away , toward the roof garden wall .
he was waiting for the sound of the elevator , the doors opening , the shadowhunters flooding out into the garden .
the roof garden .
pushing her way forward , clary heard the story in broken pieces - the rooftop garden was empty ; jace was gone .
a cold wind was blowing across the flat expanse of the roof garden , and he stuffed his hands into the pockets of his jeans .
the roof garden of the greenwich hotel - now closed , and therefore empty of people - was done up like an english garden , with carefully shaped dwarf box trees , elegantly scattered wicker and glass furniture , and lillet umbrellas that flapped in the stiff wind .
his voice cracked ; she recalled him retching up sebastian 's black blood , on his knees in the roof garden .
he was in central park , near the shakespeare garden .
they had gone around the side of the church and were standing in a small , winter - burned garden , among leafless hedges .
white powder and ashes blew thickly across the gardens , and maia choked on the stinging air , bringing up a hand to shield her face .
when judas kissed jesus in the garden of gethsemane .
the structure atop it resembled the gard they knew , but with a massive wall around it , the fortress enclosed within like a garden in a cloister .
` ` i hear the olive garden is a good restaurant to try out . ''
` ` he has n't even eaten at olive garden , so i doubt he 's a connoisseur of hotels . ''
` ` no olive garden ? ''
` ` yeah , i was just thinking about gardens . ''
it was the kind of garden you saw on tv .
i even kept your garden weeded .
like someone just explained to him that you can have an endless salad bowl at olive garden .
hitting the gardens in front of the venetian , it rolled across the parking lot .
dee would not be taking him to olive garden .
she still stood in front of the garden tub , the piece of glass in her hand , and she stared back at me like an animal cornered .
` ` could ' ve all gone to shit , and then who would take me to olive garden so i can try out the endless breadsticks ? ''
the fact that archer had never eaten at olive garden but knew about the walking dead absolutely befuddled me .
i folded my arms and returned to staring straight ahead , remembering the garden dee and i had created around the front porch of my house .
there was hesitation , as i was about to experience another first to add to going deep into the arum 's lair , teaming up with them , and now staying at an arum 's house that looked like it belonged on the front of better homes and gardens .
` ` we were at olive garden , and by the way , thank you for talking up the endless breadsticks crap , because i think we ' ve eaten there like ten times this month , and i ' m going to start smelling like garlic , '' dee went on , plopping in the recliner and tapping her ballet flats on the floor .
roth strode ahead of me , his eyes scanning the neatly trimmed bushes lining the walkway like he expected a garden gnome to attack us .
the garden flourished and the knot in my throat grew .
` ` i 'll take care of the garden . ''
it was a nice bathroom - large with a garden tub and separate shower stall .
the unease grew until it was like a weed flourishing in a garden .
with its black - and - white limitations , it certainly did n't highlight the sparkle in those pale blue irises , or her hair - the same color as the sweet red peppers my mom has growing in the backyard garden .
except this time , we 're at madison square garden , watching the game live .
inhaling the fumes pumping in through the garden hose that hangs over the cracked window , the other end stuffed into the car 's muffler .
this is ... '' we were in an enclosed courtyard filled with lush gardens bisected by winding walkways .
i hesitated only a second before returning the smile and taking off down one of the paths like a child investigating a secret garden .
i asked tentatively as we walked through the garden .
i passed through one of the park gates and stopped to take in the gardens and paths of the famous landmark , exhaling heavily .
just take the paths through shakespeare garden and you 'll find it . ''
i found a relatively hidden spot in the garden beside a giant broad - leafed plant .
creamy pale , beautiful faces lay in repose on the cobblestone paths and in the flower gardens .
` ` and thank god this young little thing decided to come into that garden when she did ! ''
the circular drive wrapped around a fountain and sleeping garden .
it was a royal garden .
and just like that , our time in the sleeping garden under the winter stars was over .
the circle ... my eyes darted to the ground to see the yellow chalk line snaking over the broken concrete and around the scorched gardens to form a giant warped circle , fifty feet in diameter .
an image appeared of veronique kneeling in front of a garden at the french countryside home she and mortimer shared , planting spring bulbs .
we even hosted a garden party last summer and had them over , with their wives .
blue rooftop pools and green terrace gardens marked the apartments of the wealthy .
the gardens are weeded and cut back and there 're a few tiny purple flowers blooming throughout .
english - style gardens break up a perfectly groomed lawn and the driveway forms a large loop at the front door .
we head down the hallway and a different set of stairs in silence , one that leads out to the home 's backyard garden , a sizeable property with bare oak trees and small paths weaving through the flower beds , long since prepared for winter .
` ` looks good out here , tanner , '' cain calls out , his eyes drifting over the small courtyard where it 's clear someone has been working hard to maintain some semblance of a garden , despite the oppressive heat and drought .
but nothing came between him and the park , except , that is , for a jungle of lower buildings , rooftops with gardens , and great black hulking pieces of equipment , and sometimes even pointed roofs .
` ` and those eyes , mona , '' beatrice had said as they walked back into the garden .
it 's like things are at a standstill now , with you here in the garden like this , and the truth is , things never stand still- '' she broke off .
she had seen them pass before her during her long hours in the garden .
the murals gave off their reassuring colors to the twilight in the room , and in the magnificent oaks , the oaks that could comfort you even when no human being could , the cicadas had begun to sing , and the warm spring air rolled through the room , from windows that were open everywhere around them - here , and in the parlor , and perhaps in the back to the great unused pool , windows open to the garden graveyard where the bodies lay - the bodies of her only children .
part of her wanted to return to the graves and the garden , to the iron table beneath the tree , to the danse macabre of the winged creatures high above , making the bold purple night throb with incidental and gorgeous song .
she walked over to the garden window and let the sun flood over her , warm and fresh , the air full of humidity and sweetness from the garden - all the things she usually took for granted , but which at first street seemed doubly wonderful , and worth a moment 's meditation before rushing headlong into the day .
she walked over to the garden window and let the sun flood over her , warm and fresh , the air full of humidity and sweetness from the garden - all the things she usually took for granted , but which at first street seemed doubly wonderful , and worth a moment 's meditation before rushing headlong into the day .
but i ' m not the same and i ca n't be the same , and i knew it when i was sitting out there in the garden , unable to answer your questions or look at you or put my arms around you .
she left the library , walking slowly , falling into a dragging rhythm almost , though she did n't know why , except that she was looking at everything that she passed , and when she stepped out into the garden , it seemed gloriously green and crowded to her , with the spring azaleas almost ready to bloom , and the ginger lilies laden with buds , and the crape myrtles filled with tiny new leaves , making them enormous and dense .
made her want to go down into the garden .
tonight she could go out there into the garden alone , when no one was awake on the property , and she could dig up the remains of those two that lay beneath the oak ; she could see for herself what was there .
she turned her back to mary jane and looked out again in the garden .
he could see a lush and wild english garden spreading towards the lake and towards the forest , banks of flowers just coming into bloom .
of course i believe in him , why he 's ... '' she caught herself pointing to the garden , in the direction of the tree .
` ` i just had a flash of the dream i had out there in the garden .
that explains everything , why i have dreamed gardens all my life , and drawn pictures of gardens with crayons .
that explains everything , why i have dreamed gardens all my life , and drawn pictures of gardens with crayons .
i love gardens , and first street 's garden was so ruined until they cleared it and changed it , and now , all clipped and kept , it harbors the worst secret of all .
i love gardens , and first street 's garden was so ruined until they cleared it and changed it , and now , all clipped and kept , it harbors the worst secret of all .
the house was dark all around them , light pouring in from the garden , from the big zone of blue illumination that was the pool .
he can keep his bulldogs in the garden on the roof .
the frogs were singing and singing , a lovely sound , very strong and loud compared to the more gentle sound of garden cicadas .
what next shall spring from some hidden garden ?
` ` parks , trees , gardens , children , '' sang the little man .
you 'll see fear in their eyes if they ever see you standing in their garden . ''
and maybe the big paperweight eyes of the gorgeous bru jne 14 would gaze upon that little child , and would they see the witches ' blood as he might if ever , if ever he dared to journey there , some time after the baby had come into this world , as they say - if he dared , just to spy upon them all - the family of witch kind - from the fabled garden where once the ghost of lasher walked , and his remains were committed to the earth - from that garden which could hide another phantom , could it not , peering through a small , unnoticed winter window .
the garden district .
he hurried with his beauty through the darkness , her long light limbs nothing to him as he ran , across the dark stretch of grass , along stone paths , through yet another dark and fragrant garden .
she had had him tied in the garden , most uncomfortably . ''
` ` i suppose it will do for now , but i wish she were bound with her legs apart to a stake in the garden .
you 'd play a lot of little games running from me in the garden , you would . ''
and then to her shock beauty saw slaves all through the garden positioned in various ways for their torment .
there were hundreds in the garden , these tables placed far back into the trees , as far as beauty could see in all directions .
beauty 's eyes returned to the garden .
` ` now , into the room , '' said lord gregory , and the slaves who had waited in a long line were ushered into the next chamber where they stood directly facing the arched door to the garden .
beauty was forced to the threshold of the garden .
` ` all the rituals , '' the queen said in a low voice , ` ` the bridle path , the stakes in the garden , the wheels , and then the hunts in the maze , and all the other clever games devised for my pleasure , but do i ever know a slave until i have this intimacy with the slave , the intimacy of the slave over my lap ready for punishment ?
he delighted in doing this , and one day he took me off to a part of the garden alone .
this was a round wooden table , weathered but often draped and used when any of the court want to take their repast in the garden .
all were out tending the vegetable gardens , or in the anterooms above as the meals were being served , and only a young serving girl remained , who climbed to her feet at once when she saw us .
she had heard of my chastisement in the garden , she said , and would my young groom , the stable boy , please punish me for her amusement .
we were in the garden for a long time , the queen walking among her roses as she much enjoys , and driving me along with that rod with the leather phallus at the end of it .
at noon i would accompany her on walks in the garden .
` ` she had me unshackled , and drove me herself on the phallus rod through the garden and into the castle .
it was very similar to the moments i 'd experienced with my tall stable boy lord when we had been alone in the garden , and he had made me squat on the table .
and then i was to be bound in the garden and have my thighs whipped with a leather thong , and left there until morning .
` ` i was now taken away , and out into the garden .
` ` but the garden was quiet , full of twilight sounds .
then she and lady juliana would be alone together in the garden .
lady juliana carried a leather strap , but seldom did she use it , and the garden was soothing to beauty .
` ` i do n't much approve of it myself , '' lady juliana said , as she forced beauty out into the garden , ` ` but his highness must let you see those poor slaves being packed off to the village . ''
finally they reached an enclosed garden full of low limbed flowering trees , and on a stone bench beauty saw the prince and a handsome young lord at his side who was talking to the prince earnestly .
it seemed i saw everything and nothing , and in a dim moment of excruciating remorse , i pitied the foolish slave whom i had been , dreaming in the castle gardens of disobedience and the village .
the bridle path , the other games of festival night in her majesty 's gardens ; i was the queen 's toy now and then ; lord gregory , the master of the slaves , incited the most exquisite fear in me .
` ` and from the castle we receive those lords and ladies who have given themselves over in like manner , having been stripped by their peers in the castle pleasure gardens , sometimes so few that there are only three of them .
if she does , you will ride in the same fashion to the castle to be placed there in the garden on display until she decides to make her judgment .
she looked smaller , rounder , more nearly perfected ; and crouching in the cage , she appeared some bizarre creature imported from a strange land , to be set in a pleasure garden .
she had been in the village a year when the raid happened , a female farm slave of the lord mayor , working in his country gardens , searching out weeds in the grass with her teeth on her hands and knees , the gardener a stout and severe man , never without a strap in his hand .
in the afternoons , she took her work to the gardens , and there i coupled with princesses for her amusement .
it had been a challenge to melt her glacial heart , to make her throw back her head and cry out in pleasure finally like the most lascivious little princess in the garden .
and i always caught the little princesses quickly in the garden chase , lifting them high by their wrists and carrying them back over my shoulder , their hot br**sts thudding against my back .
finer even than the sweet sport of mounting princesses in the garden .
she glimpsed blossoms of all hues , and for one paralyzing instant she saw that the vast garden was filled with gilded and caged slaves as well as other beautiful creatures fixed in dramatic positions atop marble pedestals .
chapter 4 beauty : examination in the garden it was not one man who entered the garden , but a group of three .
chapter 4 beauty : examination in the garden it was not one man who entered the garden , but a group of three .
she heard him slapping tristan , and she closed her eyes tight as tristan finally moaned , the slaps seeming to resound through the garden .
and suddenly beauty was on hands and knees , neck pressed low by the soft velvety sole of the slipper , and she realized that tristan and elena were beside her and all three of them were being pulled forward by their nipple chains and whipped by the thongs as they moved out of the garden .
she looked up into his face and found it as appealing and baffling now as it had been in the garden .
a finely made bronze statue stood gleaming in the center of the garden : the statue of a god , it seemed , with knees bent and arms outstretched to the side , and head thrown back in laughter .
we came to a large garden full of low fig trees and flower beds , and i saw immediately what was going to happen to us .
but to make certain we understood , lexius touched us under our chins with the thong to make us raise our heads and look in front of us , and then he took us , still on our hands and knees , on a little journey along the path so that we could study more thoroughly the slaves who decorated the garden .
not a one looked up or dared to move as we made our little walk in the garden .
the word echoed throughout the garden .
after all , he had whipped me only moments before in the garden .
chapter 12 laurent : the garden of male delights it seemed a long time passed .
i saw the upside - down garden spread before me , servants mere blurs of color moving through the greenery .
and all of the noises of the garden suddenly magnified .
and the garden was filling with voices .
the voices in the garden were getting louder , more drunken , more abandoned .
but what was that in the sultan 's garden ?
the garden itself was full of those who still feasted , and panting slaves on display as i had been .
` ` see that you please me and the sultan , or you 'll pine on the garden walls for a year , i promise you . ''
we moved to a central garden path , and down it single file , and all those in the garden were rising and coming towards the same walkway .
we moved to a central garden path , and down it single file , and all those in the garden were rising and coming towards the same walkway .
i heard such sounds coming from the deepest parts of the garden .
i moved , keeping the low squat , and saw the whole garden again in a blaze of light .
chapter 14 laurent : the royal bedchamber it seemed an hour that we were in the garden .
i preferred the garden , the cross , even the procession with its horrid scrutiny .
that was why those lords in the garden had been allowed to use us , why the grooms had not washed us before they put in the phalluses .
he took his time , and i saw in lovely blurred images the garden again , the procession , his smiling face , all the bits and pieces of this mosaic that was life in the palace of the sultan .
` ` there were a hundred new slaves on the garden path .
i remembered my feelings in the garden when the sultan had picked me from the ranks .
and it came fully clear to me when i was blindfolded and bound in the garden .
he 's ordered you for the games in his garden tomorrow .
` ` and now you and tristan will be bound to the crosses in the garden to sleep . ''
he may walk out into the garden . ''
my courage had begun to fail me a little as we approached the door to the garden .
and then i realized that both he and tristan were looking down the path at four heavily robed lords who approached us rapidly , their white linen headdresses pulled up to hide their faces as if they were out in the windblown sand rather than in this sheltered garden of the palace .
he spit his words at tristan now , while lexius was held helpless by the others , a hand clamped over his mouth so that he could n't sound an alarm for those unsuspecting servants who moved beyond in the garden .
how strange it all was : we were home and yet it was utterly new , the variations of the sultan 's palace having given the village an alarming gleam , my mind keenly aware of each step the soldiers took , though i saw the garden of the sultan in strange , warm flashes .
how much safer the sultan 's garden seemed , with its preordained roles , than this deliberately temporary servitude .
it was as absolute as the garden had been .
it seemed infinitely worse than marching with my hands tied to the bronze phallus in the sultan 's garden .
memories of the exquisite adornments in the sultan 's world inundated me -- jewels , gold , the multicolored carpets strewn on the soft , green , garden grass , the fine leather manacles -- and the tears streamed down my face , but it was not that i wanted to be there !
i was sucking the pretty boy , and being sucked , and my backside was being ground out hard , and i was happier than i had ever been in the sultan 's garden .
for example , after we had been in the stables about four months , high collars were introduced , much like those we 'd worn briefly in the sultan 's garden .
they were driving before them in a screaming , ragged group the vampires who had fled into the garden .
the path was weed - ridden and overgrown , and the gardens stretched out around it , dotted with crumbling outbuildings and the blackened stumps of dead trees .
she could n't help but be reminded somehow of a sketch she 'd seen of an angry gentleman at a garden party waving off bees .
at least the tomatoes were fresh , since there was a garden at the jail .
` ` i just bought 'em at the lawn and garden center , '' i said .
it was like living in a botanical garden , except without the gardeners to keep the yard mowed .
most peddlers sold song sheets , two for a penny , and families would buy them and gather about their pianos to sing songs such as ` ` cherry ripe '' and ` ` in my father 's garden .
eventually his temper would cool , and he 'd find her at the folly or in the tangled garden .
starting at the overgrown gardens .
she 'd wanted to plant roots , to watch children play in the gardens and the folly .
her vampire had reserved a private garden terrace at la pergola , atop monte mario .
when they 'd first pulled up to this estate , she 'd been impressed by the luxurious garden district residence , one not far from her childhood home .
` ` our house is a showplace , a mansion built centuries ago in a district known for its gardens .
so the declan chase restitution fund had purchased a quaint little mansion in the garden district for the brayden family .
the hum of a binding circle grew oppressive , and algaliarept found himself in a dusky garden surrounded by dark pines , the sky above them still holding the fading light of the sunset and fluttering blue butterflies .
but butterflies like carrion as much as flowers , battlefields as much as gardens .
undead in the garden of good and evil when i first began writing the hollows , there were very few strong female vampire characters making it into print , and when i realized how large a role ivy was going to play , i decided i needed to develop the social structure of the hollows vampires from the female point of view .
the novella undead in the garden of good and evil was the perfect chance for me to try out a few of my ideas .
undead in the garden of good and evil was first published in the anthology dates from hell .
the smell of last year 's garden drifted up past him : musty dandelion fluff , dried jasmine blossoms , and the last of the sweet clover used for their beds .
cincinnati 's pixies were long out of hibernation , and if they did n't move into the garden soon , someone might try to claim it .
breath held against the oak dust , jenks wondered how many children he would lose this fall to romance and how it would affect the garden 's security .
` ` i have my own garden . ''
the unfamiliar sword in jumoke 's grip led jenks to believe the intruder 's claim to having a garden was likely not an exaggeration , even if it was fairy steel , not pixy .
better to ask rachel to bury a flowerpot upside down in the garden beside the gate at the edge of the property .
` ` that 's how we got the garden , '' he said , his words faster now that jenks was listening .
one of my sons spent a summer waking up in the garden more than his bed . ''
` ` i want an office on the edge of the property , on the street side of the wall that divides the garden from the road .
it 's not garden work , and i ca n't ask my children to make me an office .
jenks 's last words to him had been harsh , and it bothered him , for once a child left the garden , he was gone forever .
pixy situations , inquire here , jenks thought as he guided vincet to the garden wall to sit with jumoke while he talked with matalina .
the noise from the nearby city was almost intolerable , but the small garden space with its two statues and profusion of flowers in the middle of the city was worth the noise pollution .
a distant argument over burned rice became audible from over the grass between the garden and the nearby townhouses .
his garden and graveyard stretching an entire block within the suburbs , now made his by human law and a deed , was a blessing he 'd come to take for granted .
the entire garden was in the line between the statues !
` ` we have to get this bitch away from the garden before she hurts someone . ''
if the garden was sacred , daryl would n't be likely to tear it apart .
scarcely nine years old , jih had moved across the street alone to start a garden , and jax left to follow in his father 's footsteps by partnering with a thief instead of devoting himself to a family and the earth .
working for the man had eventually evolved into a partnership with rachel and ivy , and now he was on the streets more than in the garden .
apart from jumoke , they were the eldest in the garden now , as fresh - faced and innocent as they should be , strong and able to use a sword to kill an intruder twice their size .
` ` naked in the garden is okay with me , '' jumoke mumbled , and matalina swatted him .
` ` i ca n't wait to get back into the garden , '' she said , gazing at the pile of laundry across the room .
they feel important , and they 'll be all the more prepared when they ' ve a garden of their own . ''
a garden of their own , he thought .
he could have given up the garden and gone to work for the i.s .
i 'll be in the garden when you get back .
but now was the time to start teaching him , not two weeks before he left the garden like he had jax .
unless he was snacking in the garden .
he 'd gone from side jobs to a full - time career outside the garden , gaining enough money to buy the church and the security that went with it .
they 'd live in the garden for another twenty years , then , watching their children grow , take their places ...
` ` kind of like pixies adapting to city gardens .
vincet would n't thank me for destroying his garden . ''
like he 'd take the man 's garden ?
` ` i ca n't leave another man alone in my garden with a bow , vi .
vincet 's family is safe , and jumoke is considering a career outside the garden .
and , happy , he rose up , scanning his garden , assessing in an instant what had happened and darting down to make things right .
` ` hey , you do n't have any of these in your garden , do you ? ''
` ` black car at the curb , '' jenks said , his hand on the hilt of his garden sword .
wreathed in pixy kids , trent came into my garden , his motions both slow and irate ; clearly he was not liking the noisy , winged escort .
in reality , i was trying hard not to look like the crazy witch living in a church with a gargoyle in the belfry , pixies in the garden , and a cat on the fence - even if i was .
his fingers just brushed the hilt of his garden sword , giving him a mischievous , dangerous look , like puck with an attitude and penchant for killing .
jenks shouted , his hand on the hilt of his sheathed garden sword .
there were about a dozen pairs of eyes watching from the edges of the garden and graveyard , and i heard a rustle of leaves overhead .
my gaze slid to jenks , standing on the knee - high wall between the garden and the graveyard .
this was why he 'd come in my garden stinking of cinnamon and wine .
` ` we got jill , '' i said as he grunted , ` ` and no way are you getting that bucket of water in my garden .
the rest of you , hit the garden .
jenks 's wings were unmoving and his expression worried as he looked at me , not the garden .
he was wearing his garden best , convinced that he was n't even going to have to use the potion in my bag to go big to handle the air - pressure shifts .
` ` his garden has so many flowers you ca n't step without crushing one , '' i said .
like the curse i almost did in the garden ?
it was akin to sharing a spell , as we had done in my garden , but there would be no will but my own here .
` ` there 's nothing for him in the garden anymore .
my garden in the sun .
not the sun in my garden , but somewhere else , where the sun ruled everything , not just now , but for all the past and all the future .
` ` in the garden ! ''
they would have taken the garden and killed everyone if not for belle . ''
` ` she saved the garden , '' bis said as he looked at himself in my dresser mirror .
i asked , imagining her broken and bleeding somewhere in the garden .
` ` jenks , if a fairy can hide in your garden for three months , then have the grace to help your kids survive an attack , do n't you think you should rethink your attitude ? ''
my eyes darted to trent , thinking of the wingless fairies he now had in his garden .
please ... stay in my garden .
bis chimed out , and i ducked when jenks 's kids swarmed in from the garden and hallway , shouting out their toppings .
` ` asleep when the garden was invaded !
jenks hovered before the dead vampire , his garden sword drawn .
there was a bowl up there , too , and the shirt that jenks had gotten him last june , right next to a vase of plastic flowers and a picture he 'd once asked for of the garden .
his hands were on his hips , a garden sword on his belt , and a dirty jacket on his back .
he 'd been in the garden all morning strengthening the security lines and was probably trying to get his afternoon nap in .
he cocked his head and tugged his garden jacket up where it belonged .
catch me if you can , big boy , i thought as i scuffed my garden shoes on and opened the back door .
chapter eight garden shoes did not make the best getaway attire , and i was leaving little clumps of dirt as i eased the door shut behind me .
exhaling , i turned , taking in the sunny but wet garden .
a low stone wall divided the mundane witches ' garden from the gravestones , but i used almost every inch of the place for my plants .
arms wrapped around myself , i stomped down the wooden steps and into the witches ' garden .
i pulled myself to my full height in my soggy , muddy garden shoes .
my feet in my soggy garden shoes did n't make a sound .
jenks asked as i went to stand over it , watching the amulet more than my feet clinging damply to my garden shoes .
ivy 's hands clenched , and jenks rose up , his fingers on his garden sword .
i do n't want to see you in garden shoes and grubby jeans anymore .
settling myself at the center counter , i took a deep breath and tapped the line out back in the garden .
he could talk to the newest tenants in his garden .
wayde followed him in with a bowl of chips and a garden of pixies wreathing him .
` ` if you go by glenn 's prediction , not a fairy 's chance in a pixy garden , '' jenks said .
you should ' ve let me bury them in the garden . ''
jenks hovered before me , a green tint to his dust as he looked at his best garden sword , the pixy steel snapped at the hilt .
i 'll meet you in the garden in twenty minutes . ''
` ` trent 's interior gardens ? ''
somehow he 'd gotten from the outskirts to the center of the patio , looking as if he belonged among the ferns and victorian garden furniture .
ceri and winona were dusky shadows as they came around the bend , a small garden lamp lighting their path .
i 'd been alone a lot this week while jenks tried to do the work of five pixies in the garden and ivy was in flagstaff helping glenn and daryl move .
never would i have imagined that jenks would suffer to let a fairy live in his garden , but the small warrior woman had somehow become a part of the church - even if it had been her clan who had killed jenks 's wife .
the cat door squeaked , and jenks flew a red - dusted path to the kitchen spigot , where he could watch the garden and his kids dispersing into the damp spring night .
his dragonfly - like wings blurred to nothing as he watched the dusty glows from his grown children in the garden .
` ` keep your kids out in case he comes over , '' i warned jenks , but he had already chased them back into the garden , and i set my right hand in the center glyph .
the vision of the dusty , sunbaked surface of the ever - after was superimposed over the lush greenery of the raised garden area of the castle , but the purple - and - black line looked about the same from this side as the other .
i looked over the fallow , weed - choked garden , seeing the outlines of a man 's dream of a perfect spot of truth .
the church felt empty with ivy still gone and the pixies asleep or out in the garden .
you sure you do n't want to wait in the garden ?
my eyes widened at the feeling , and a small noise of i - don't - know - what slipped from me , part alarm , part surprise , part sexual titillation as he drew a small trace of ley line through me so he 'd show up next to me and not in the garden 's ley line .
true , the fairies in trent 's gardens were wingless , but their children would n't be .
trent 's glassed - in garden felt stuffy ; the propped - open door leading to the exterior gardens let in very little air .
the cord belle 's sister had climbed snaked upward out of sight , and jenks sniffed , nervously adjusting his garden sword on his hip .
` ` if it stays warm , we 're moving back in the garden this week , '' he said out of the blue .
` ` are you still in the garden wall ? ''
the hallway was brightly lit and sported beautiful close - ups of orchids in the morning dew , but the air smelled stale after the rich scents of the garden .
` ` quen , while you 're showing rachel the safe room , ellasbeth and i will be in the gardens . ''
` ` we can talk in the garden , '' trent said , starting to guide her to the stairway .
edgy , i shifted my feet into the gravelly scree of the lower garden path as i stood in the glow of the lantern , my hands on my hips and bis on the crumbling retaining wall behind me .
together we looked across the tall grass at the damaged ley line stretching across the lower , long - fallow garden and waited for jenks and trent to return .
the demon was in a three - piece suit , and it looked dumb out here in the weedy garden at the foot of a homemade castle , whereas al 's crushed green velvet had somehow seemed right at home .
there was n't a single pixy anywhere , and i wondered if jenks had finally gotten them all out in the garden .
` ` bis knows the line in the garden , '' i said .
but the memory of ceri and pierce working together to twist a black curse to kill fairies in my garden rose up , making my stomach sink .
` ` you got it , '' i said , turning to look out at the silent , damp garden .
as i ran the water into my spell - grimed pots , jenks flew in smelling like garden and sounding like wind chimes .
` ` i 'll be in the garden , '' i added , thinking jenks might open up if i was n't around .
` ` ah , i can prove ku'sox broke the line by moving all the imbalance at once to the line in the garden and thereby exposing his curse .
uneasy , i flicked my gaze behind her to the church , the glow from the uncurtained windows spilling out into the garden .
thank god the garden was full of bright eyes tonight .
leaning toward ivy , i whispered , ` ` besides , i want to see how far this goes , and we ca n't when we 're standing around out here in the garden . ''
` ` right here in the garden .
` ` the gargoyles found him in the garden .
quen was about three feet up past the retaining wall , on the upper garden level .
this was my original imbalance , and gathering everything up but that , i tuned my aura surrounding it to the imbalance in newt 's line in my garden .
the wind from etude 's wings sent my hair flying as he landed behind us on the upraised half of the garden .
at least to the one in the garden .
home , i thought , recalling the harsh jangle of the chaos i 'd made of the line in the garden .
` ` this is n't my garden , '' i whispered , and trent 's smile chilled me to my core .
` ` the church 's garden is full of pained gargoyles right now , '' i said as bis crawled on the ceiling into the nursery .
chapter thirty - one chapter thirty - one there was no moon as i followed trent down the soft sawdust path of his private gardens .
i 'd gotten a lot done in the garden , but i was bored to tears .
all in all , it was a nice getaway , having none of the gadgetry i 'd come to associate with trent , but all his gardener earthiness that showed itself only in his orchid gardens .
the nearby apartment building reflected the light as a dozen people tried to put it out with a garden hose .
righter than ... a pixy in a garden . ''
hands on his hips , he stared in disgust as the whining squeak of the pen on paper mixed pleasantly with the shouts of his kids in the sunny garden , where they were playing june bug croquet .
belle , too , had retired to the garden .
reluctant to get out of the car just yet , i looked past the crumbling icon to one man 's idea of perfect nobility to the never - finished garden , tall with weeds and terraced with crumbling stone .
hands on his hips , reminding me of jenks , trent stood with his feet in the knee - high grass and scanned the open area between the fallow garden and the hidden river .
ten jenks 's kids laughing in the garden was like audible sunshine , keeping me awake as i lay on my bed and stared at my shadowed ceiling .
mug held to warm my fingers , i looked over the garden to the glow of cincinnati .
i waved them off , telling them to dampen their dust as tulpa walked into the garden , head up and his nostrils flaring .
wings clattering , he went to the sink to check on his kids in the garden .
sleep was impossible , and i was in the garden with bis brushing out tulpa .
i felt lost , even as the mystics gave me a sensation of the space around me as they darted through the room and garden like pixy kids coming back to me with their visions .
they thought you might jump to the line in the garden , and they ' ve got enough manpower there to make piscary puke - if the putrid pus pile of vampire piss were still alive . ''
an entire wall was taken up with one of those floor - to - ceiling vid screens showing a deck and a garden , and i collapsed at a table , thankful for the small comfort .
` ` jumoke and izzyanna kept to the garden , but belle was with me .
` ` i ' ve let most of my security go , and at quen 's urging , i ' ve come to an agreement with the clan that 's been living in my gardens .
` ` i ' ve yet to s - s - s - survey the damage in the garden , '' belle said , having snaked up a thin line to stand on the counter .
the cat door in the back room squeaked as belle went into the garden .
` ` ah , why does n't jenks want me in the garden ? ''
chapter 6 the chill of the coming september evening seeped into me , the cold as real and enduring as the damp grit of the earth pressed into my fingers as i lifted the last stone and replaced it in the low wall that separated the graveyard from the more mundane garden .
it was why i was out here moping in the garden .
the bright sparkle of pixy dust glowed at the far side of the garden .
` ` i think jenks has it , '' trent said , looking out at the garden .
keep that dog in the garden until he pees on something !
tink loves a duck , you do n't bring someone into the garden who does n't know how to bury their own crap ! ''
` ` who 's in the garden ? ''
bis gave me a poignant look before he took to the air , a draft sending my snarled hair back as he followed jenks out of the kitchen and presumably into the garden .
the garden , my kitchen .
` ` i 'll try to contain the damage , but if worse comes to worst , jumoke and izzyanna can move into my gardens .
trent steadied me as i stepped over the low stone wall separating the garden from the graveyard .
jenks would n't follow me right away , and tension brought my shoulders up to my ears when i realized i was shoving a demon through trent 's private gardens .
it looked as if it might have been a witches ' garden , though admittedly not a very sunny one .
there were no predators in trent 's gardens , but that was n't what jenks would be worried about .
` ` careful , '' trent said , arm around my waist as he helped me over the shallow wall that separated the graveyard from the garden .
without another word , koldo flashed to the garden of germanus 's temple .
those eyes ... a summer storm , heat rising , steaming up the flower gardens .
anguished screams were lodged in my throat by the time i reached the shade tree in his garden .
when we topped the last hill , i gazed down at a beautifully landscaped garden that led to a circling wall and an equally beautiful home .
scowling , i grabbed a rock from the colorful , blooming garden and broke the window .
she could fix the alley , maybe turn it into a garden - type area , then run goods and services through the tunnel at her discretion .
double doors opened into a gorgeous marble statue garden .
she experienced that strange sense of weightlessness as he whisked her through wall after wall and into the garden outside .
there , she 'd found a garden in need of major tlc and had spent hours pulling weeds , a chore she used to do with her mother in harrogate , before her family had moved to arizona .
she never would have pictured a garden growing from a cloud , but stranger things had happened , she supposed .
` ` a fancy way of saying i am to ... garden ? ''
if - when - she did , he could put her in charge of the gardens .
the only difference was , her skin was more sensitive ... tingling , aching , as if she and thane were back in that garden , sitting beside each other , within reach .
he could get a peek at the overrun garden in her head .
never again would she bake him a cake or pull weeds in the garden with him .
at the downfall , he plucked the fullest , brightest roses from the garden and arranged them in a diamond vase ; the action soothed him .
the backyard had a large garden teeming with sweet - smelling flowers and lush green vines , everything shrouded by a thin , glittering veil of mist - and were those fairies buzzing about ?
for half an hour , they wandered the fortress , upstairs , downstairs , the wide , open kitchen - gwen tried and failed to picture any of the lords in there cooking - the library , an office , a covered garden of bright multicolored blooms , and into private bedrooms that did n't belong to either of them .
the realm of snakes refers to the sweet little garden variety , and we'l only encounter one or two of them .
better known as hera 's garden of goodbyes , since she used the place to get rid of her opposition without ever having to raise a hand against them .
team kaia only had twenty - four hours - nineteen now - to reach rhea 's garden in the heavens , but to do so , they had to first reach the portal the god queen had opened .
and rhea had opened her garden of goodbyes to all harpies .
in it , ashlyn lounged in a lush , jewel - toned garden , flower petals in her hair , draping her body and dripping all around her .
furniture , hallways , gardens .
lounging on a velvet - lined couch , standing in a rose garden , dancing on a table .
she 'd been walking through the royal garden , plucking the prettiest of the flowers for her mother .
leopold had just achieved his immortality , never to physically age again , and he had been celebrating in the garden with two female slaves .
she adored that garden , and allowed herself a peek outside - wait .
kane and synda were in the garden josephina and her mother had once tended .
please , do n't do this ... as if he 'd heard her silent plea from the garden , kane stiffened and looked up .
booted footsteps filled the little alcove , and the guard kane had knocked down in the garden came racing around the corner .
after speaking with one of the guards , he 'd learned that synda , his other responsibility , had decided to go for another walk in the garden , without protection and despite the phoenix infestation .
when kane failed to find the girl in the garden , he prowled into the forest .
by the way , the queen and princess are playing some kind of game in the gardens tomorrow morning , and your tinker hell will be involved somehow .
it 's garden time , '' william called .
` ` if the queen wants me in the garden , she has a game of cricket lined up .
the entire back end of the garden burst into flames .
she used a secret passage i did n't know about and snuck out to have sex with red in the garden . ''
and good thing , too , because the phoenix burned down the king 's gardens , and someone has to face punishment .
they passed through the doorway , entered the charred remains of her father 's garden .
offer your apologies for the destruction of the garden and accept your sentence when it 's pronounced . ''
she had settled into her new role quite nicely , having taken charge of the palace staff and tasked the high and low court with the reconstruction of the garden .
i 'll meet you in the garden at dawn .
knowing she only had a few hours until morning dawned and he would be expected in the garden , she slipped from the bed to quietly dress .
to avoid the guards and servants , he used the secret passageway to get to the garden , and why was his torso burning ?
but was she as concerned and kind as she seemed , risking castigation to feed him - why him ? -or as deceitful as the serpent in the garden of eden , tempting him , luring him into a sense of safety before ultimately striking him down ?
` ` you 're here , '' the dark - haired one said , motioning to the garden , ` ` and you see me . ''
there are multiple flower and vegetable gardens , and there 's a pesky rabbit that likes to ruin both .
flowers of every color bloomed in lush gardens , sweetly scenting the air .
in the meantime , he would want her to stay and tend to the animals and the gardens .
midday , she began to pull weeds from the garden , pluck the vegetables that were mature enough , and pick fruit from the trees .
in them , a sweet - looking blonde was pulling weeds in a garden ... feeding horses ... pigs ... goats .
smelling like an ancient garden , all flowers and magic , she tried to stride past me .
seemed he 'd kissed maggie in the garden while dating kate .
johanna reyes and marcus eaton walk side by side , pausing at the herb garden to pluck mint leaves from their stems .
i find myself in the atrium garden again , and this time , light glows behind the windows .
we drive through the gardens and outbuildings that surround it , and peeking out from behind the edge of the compound are the airplanes , white and stationary .
` ` some say pomegranate was the real fruit adam gave eve in the garden . ''
he followed her past a dining table that could seat twelve and into a large kitchen where the wall over the sink was lined with windows looking out onto a garden .
the two men led me inside , through a maze of lavishly adorned chambers , and then out to a large private garden .
hundreds of acres of rolling hills , thousands of vines bursting with grapes , fountains , fruit trees , and a beautiful rose garden in the back .
friends , a great job , a boyfriend , maybe a little house with a vegetable garden .
light gray stone , wide - open courtyards , picturesque sitting gardens , and marble pillars ; all the features human homes of this century did n't boast unless the owners were aristocrats stuck in the past or drug dealers .
he 'd selected this location specifically because of the statue in the central garden .
i looked out the double glass doors to the side of the bed that led to a private walled - in garden .
stone walkways , fountains , blossoming gardens with marble statues , and perfectly preserved stone buildings ; these people had to have significant means to maintain everything so immaculately .
he 'd be off killing people all day and then return home - the quaint little yellow house in the country with the vegetable garden - where i 'd be waiting for him , turkey loaf dinner on the table .
they probably grew them in a garden outback .
tuscan - style fountains with colorful lights , elaborate cactus gardens with exotic flowers , and southwestern - style adobe casitas were scattered around the grounds .
with its large skylights , indoor cactus gardens , and warm desert colors , kinich , her brother , would likely want to move .
inside was a lush garden , spacious courtyard with an illuminated fountain , small fire pit , and soft music playing - spanish guitar - from hidden speakers .
chapter veinticinco panting , ixtab found antonio sitting on a bench in the garden , gazing pensively at the cloudless night .
a lush , tropical garden obscured most of the spanish - style bungalow , and impressively tall palm trees shaded the roof .
she 'd go around the side of her house , through the garden , and down to the beach .
she must ' ve had plumeria in her garden .
she scrambled through the garden , feeling her way out to the beach , where the first rays of light came into view over the horizon .
when she got to her garden , there was no one there .
we walked out the patio doors into the brick - paved garden .
cardamom from the garden of partavi .
at the back of the garden was a gazebo where mr . young spoke with reverend miles , the man who would officiate the ceremony .
my feet started moving and i found myself heading out a side door into a tiny garden off of the common room .
i snapped out of my head and focused on maria as she stepped through the doorway and into the garden .
i had been drawing the birdbath in the corner of the garden .
melanie looked at where her garden would be .
our backyard is small and mostly taken up by marcie 's garden of pale tomato and cucumber plants .
opposite it sat a garden tub that was so large i could swim in it , and a separate shower was tucked in an alcove behind it .
he had plans to cover that portion with flat , smooth stones , like a garden of rocks that would give way to the floral vines that would climb the walls .
she sat on the hearth beside her mom , in the garden , as she liked to call it .
i 'd build this girl a thousand gardens if she wanted me to .
he tried to force her to submit to him as he pleased , and in a stand for her own rights , lilith left the garden of eden . ''
` ` now , as the story continues , lilith , who was created in god 's exact likeness , lived outside the garden of eden .
the sweet smell of the frangipani trees in mr herman 's garden scented the cold , wet air coming in through dad 's window , and i breathed the last few minutes of david i would ever get .
` ` there 's a garden on the other side .
i closed them , feeling a tickle down my cheek , and the sweet , vibrant perfume of roses filled the air around me - flavouring my breath with a walk in the garden .
outside , the dull grey clouds hid the sun , making everything under its suppressed glare seem vividly white - lighting up the entire yard and all the garden debris .
i sunk my knees down , slipping free from his hold , but he grabbed my arm , hoisting me to my feet and started walking toward the dark chamber gardens .
my heart was so confused by the combination of terrors that , if i was afraid of being this high up - of looking out across the city and the steep valley of trees beyond the gardens , feeling as though i could land on the ground miles from this spot if i fell - i did n't notice it , even though my only beams of safety right now were the splintery shelf of branch , only as wide as my hips , and the secure grip of the predator 's fingers around my arm .
the manor is all light colours and big windows , with gardens outside every door . ''
i like gardens . ''
and when drake built the manor , he actually planted a special garden , just for her ; it 's closed off by high walls .
a secret garden . ''
` ` it was named the garden of lilith , but it 's been nicknamed eden over the years . ''
` ` so , why did drake build her a garden if he hated her so much ? ''
it looked charming , in a secret garden kind of way , but the spear - tipped iron gates took the fairy - tale out of the scene , screaming graveyard .
` ` walk with me - in the gardens ? ''
he nodded and presented the bench - like garden swing nearby .
instead , my eyes feasted in the story - book scene of a little girl sitting in a garden full of roses , sharing tea with a man and two expressionless dolls .
it made me think of my own daughter - the child of the prophecy - made me think about tea parties we might have in the garden and the dolls we would play with together .
outside , a rainy sky darkened the greens , making the hedge labyrinth , the garden that looked like a chessboard and the forest border look richly coloured - something toned by enhancing the hues artificially .
` ` go out here and through the garden to the left . ''
when my playlist ended , i talked a while longer , letting midnight creep closer and closer , while the distant song of a cricket gave me a feeling of safety , knowing there were no evil vampires down in the garden , thankfully .
chapter six i had to stop and ask several people directions to the entrance to lilith 's garden .
i knew there was definitely a garden behind this wall , but just could n't find the damn door .
` ` yes , my dear , it is the only entrance to lilith 's garden . ''
he nodded , using his hand to brush aside a thick mass of vines , growing over the wall from the garden .
` ` you ready to see your garden , majesty ? ''
as we stepped through the thin branches of wilting willows and into the garden , the sweet essence of summer filled the air .
i tried to make out the edge of the walls around the garden , but vines and trees and all manor of plant life completely hid it - as if we were in some alternate universe - no walls .
everything felt so bright and richly - hued , like this whole garden was a painting .
chapter seven the early morning sun shone down on the colours in the dome above my bed , making the eyes of what i 'd recently concluded was drake , and the greens of the gardens around little lili rich and bright .
they were n't doing any harm - not spoiling prized roses or messing up garden beds .
` ` that would be fighting fire with a garden hose , blade , '' mike said .
once far enough away from mike 's aura of tension , we stopped by the marble ledge of the balcony , overlooking the small garden we sat in on the first day i came here .
` ` i ' ve never been in the garden of strategy before , '' i said , strolling over the squares of marble and grass , patterned like a chessboard .
we could go to the garden of lilith , '' i suggested .
the garden of lilith had a kind of presence to it , as if all life , all living things gathered here to celebrate the beauty of nature .
when i looked up again , the girl was gone , the garden gone , the crow , everything .
i wandered over and looked out my window , seeing jason down in the garden of strategy , running about with petey and some old rag they were using as a chew toy .
chapter seventeen i sat on the deckchair in the lower garden , reading my book , enjoying the sunshine and a quiet moment to myself .
i just meant what are you doing in the garden ? ''
david bowed , smiling , and walter headed down the base of the garden , leaving us alone again .
in my dreams of her - the labyrinth one and the garden of lilith one - she was different .
we walked to the garden , and as the loud chatters of our people became distant murmurs , he stopped , turning me in his arms , looking right into my eyes , the moonlight above making his face white , like the dead .
the housekeeper said he was in the study , the librarian said he was in the garden , and the gardener told me to look in the throne room .
there was no loneliness in this forest - not like when i visited the garden of lilith .
it was as if nature had given up on that place - given up on the grounds , the people , even my garden .
my feet barely touched the floor , the speed of this immortal body taking me from the tree line outside the garden of lilith to the endless valley of trees beyond the stone .
i left falcon in the garden and followed ' last sighting ' reports from bystanders until i found my wrath - recipient wandering down an empty corridor in the servant quarters .
chapter six no one could imagine from looking up at the beige wall around the garden of lilith that a menagerie of life thrived behind it .
i balanced my toes over the cobblestones , avoiding the cool , slippery moss growing between each one , and made my way slowly to the water fountain at the centre of the garden .
there was something magical and peaceful about this place but , for some reason , despite no one being allowed here without invitation from the queen , i never really felt alone - never really felt like this was my garden .
i 'd come out here to the garden in search of the gentle breeze that moved the leaves in a summer song , harmonised with the deep hum of frogs croaking .
what surprised me was seeing the boy i fell in love with sitting right here in my garden , when i never thought he 'd surface again .
he laughed into my hair , wrapping his other arm around my ribs and linking them together there , holding me tight in this secret garden where nobody else was permitted to go .
each spicy breath filled me with renewed hope while every word we spoke in my garden yesterday echoed in my thoughts , elevating that hope to real possibility .
the whole room had that ' grandmother 's kitchen ' kind of feel , with a collection of herbs and spices grown fresh in the garden then hung inside over the windows or the stove , and a pot rack suspended from thick black chains over an island counter .
they were so soft , so full , fit so perfectly into my hands , and i wanted to tell her that i 'd never seen such purity in a girl - the pale pink of her nipple , the way it set so softly into her milk - white skin , like she was some kind of angel or white blossom i had plucked from the garden of eden .
* * * quaid walked me all the way down to the secret garden , giving tips on how to swing my sword and position my feet , stating that i did n't really need to practice privately because i was a better ' swordsmen'-his words - than any of the men in the core .
i farewelled him , asking him to wait outside in case i ' cut ' myself , and pushed the heavy door to the garden of lilith open , holding my breath the whole time .
brown boots over shadow over cobblestones , i took the two steps leading up to the garden and offered my uncle a smile .
i rubbed them , blinking rapidly , but when i opened them again , drake was gone and the buzz of life in the garden had come out of hiding .
the three of us climbed trees and planted gardens together .
before he could start giving me a lecture on how i should be doing something more productive with my time , like weeding the vegetable garden or inventing a board game that would sell for millions , charlie walked through the kitchen door .
he had me doing most of the garden work , too .
` ` uh , g*y garden part- '' ` ` stop it , '' mom says .
racks of garden tools are spilling onto the front porch , and there 's a faded hand - painted sign advertising fishing bait and tackle .
` ` the garden , maybe , or back to my place . ''
i leave them on kayla 's front steps , along with a copy of grey gardens and twenty packs of my mom 's gold stars .
the ramshackle , three - story victorian sat squarely at the top of the hill , surrounded by an overgrown garden plot that was equal parts wild roses and weeds , and spelled death to any mower that tried to tame it .
maybe we can find somewhere with an annex in the garden ... ... '' she flipped through the listings .
dorms , dining hall , and an old chapel are arranged around these tiny cobbled courtyards , and there are neat lawns and gardens all around .
i slowly loop my scarf back around my neck and follow him out of the garden .
he nods and walks away , out of the side library entrance and toward the small memorial garden .
chapter two after the trials at the office that week , alice would have relished a weekend of relaxation ; instead , she found herself hovering awkwardly in the corner of her stepsister 's vast walled garden in hampstead , clutching a glass of pimm 's and worrying about her lipstick smudging .
flora had always remained something of a stranger to her , a needy , emotional girl who would burst into tears during soap operas , and sit watching birds in the garden with curious concentration .
` ` is dad in the garden ? ''
once mastered , he would give a series of lectures , or write a book , or even - in one case - oversee the planting of a thirty - acre garden in the style of renegade gardener william robinson .
faced with such a bait and switch of her dramatic , romance - filled dreams , alice often wondered how her mother even lasted the eleven fractured years she did before abandoning them both to the leaking pipes , overgrown garden , and distinct lack of local cocktail bars .
they left the restaurant , strolling slowly past an urban garden area with grasses and a waterfall , cool in the shadow of the towering buildings overhead .
who knew what revealing information lay behind a fifty - two - pound payment to r. jenkins services or a hundred - and - six - pound charge at 32 westbourne gardens ?
westbourne gardens ?
` ` so , did you want to start with my rosebud period or reflections on a garden path ? ''
stefan worked late almost every night , so after she was finished with work ( and her new dance classes , and whichever detour ella 's bank statement prompted that day ) , she and her stepsister would take their meal out into the tranquility of the lush garden and sit in the shade of the wide , white awning together to read , sketch , and even - occasionally - to talk .
the sun had set behind the garden walls now , and a cluster of mosquitoes was dancing out of range of the anti - insect lamps stationed around them .
trailing boxes of flowers surrounded her with a pretty garden , and in the middle of the piazza , a glorious fountain gushed streams of water into a low pool , glinting in the sun .
with lemon trees dotted around the slim pool outside , hot - pink flowers spilling over the long balcony , and even vines twisting up the inside walls in an unexpected garden , of all the hotels they 'd seen , this was the one she 'd pick for ella - and herself .
part of her was still disbelieving , as if the weekend had been simply an idle fantasy her mind had conjured while she sat in the garden , reading the newspapers , perhaps , before finishing up some outstanding contracts and meeting jules for a drink .
it was the opening for her grand retrospective , and the sleek , airy space in notting hill had been transformed into a haven of floral studies , garden views , and - at last - assorted kittenish delights .
he was wearing the same pale suit from flora 's garden party , casual and cool .
semidetached houses lined the road , divided by hedges and freshly painted fences , and although there was n't anything as idyllic as children playing freely in the street , there were enough toys scattered in front gardens and bicycles leaning against garage doors to prove the area a family - friendly zone .
they fell into an easy pace together , meandering through soho and across to covent garden .
she was painfully aware of somebody in the front garden of the house opposite , an older woman watering the flower beds from an old - fashioned can .
baby pictures and blurry university graduation shots ; summer tourist snaps and back garden barbeques - they were clumped together in no particular order , and peering at each in turn , alice felt a strange sense of intrusion , as if she were a voyeur lingering on the edge of every frame .
outside , she could see a square of overgrown garden , dense and green with bushes and even a few fruit trees .
like the blood grass in the garden , my grandmother always said .
beyond the whitewashed picket fence of our garden , however , all was still .
through the window , i could see the maple tree in the garden , the nearest branch just a foot or two from my window - when i was a child , reluctantly returning home from school for the weekend , i would often seek solace in the crux of its branches , where the trunk would divide into four and form a neat little seat , perfect to fold into .
it was my own palace of leaves , decorated with pinned flowers plucked from the garden or dream - catchers , which i would make endlessly at the desk where the laptop now sat - some of the frail structures had survived , and were now dangling from the eaves of the window , minus the feathers .
a gravel path snaked around the side of the house , and i walked in his shadow until it was utterly eclipsed by the house and a wall of ivy , between which a garden was sandwiched .
the flower beds were full of more wire and trellis than actual flowers , dispersed among young shrubs , but once it matured , i thought , it would be a very pretty garden .
i closed my eyes , because the rain was no longer streaking straight to the ground but across the garden in sheets .
i returned to addressing the soaked garden , eyes fixed on the lawn beyond the flower beds , which was collecting water in puddles because the ground was becoming saturated .
when i had first been whisked down to devon after my grandmother had died , i had wished to the silence of the garden outside my bedroom window that some unknown , forgotten , distant , sagean relation would come and restore my life and banish my grief ... just to stop the unending loneliness .
i found that despite being a great deal larger than i had been as a child , i could still nestle myself into the crook of the tree in our front garden , the place i had fled to after my vision for its comfort ... and the point where the trunk split into four limbs to form a seat from which i could not fall , should i collapse again .
i felt the brush of magic move ahead of them and hopped down out of the tree in one leap onto the garden path just as the three men landed themselves .
chapter twenty - seven autumn i awoke to the scent of my grandmother 's garden at the lodge .
it looked like my father had harvested every flower still alive in our garden in the november chill .
the windows faced east , rather than south as mine did , and the view was of landscaped gardens rather than the mountains and lakes i was lucky enough to look out on .
` ` is it the garden hose ? ''
` ` your mother cut my finger off with a set of garden shears .
they found their way into the alamo gardens amidst a few dozen other people .
the rooftop garden in downtown miami had been commandeered by the miami boss , and no expense had been spared to entertain their new partners from colombia .
ty turned down pirate 's alley , the narrow lane that skirted the cathedral , and then they cut through st . anthony 's garden , the tiny area behind the cathedral where four unmarked tombs rested .
it ended with a wooden fence , and after a few hard kicks , ty broke through into a small , private courtyard filled with plants and garden decorations , colorful tile and antique string lights overhead .
the tent protected parts of the garden , too , giving the space an outdoor feel without the outdoor frostbite to accompany it .
ty sat in a chair around an unlit fire pit on the edge of the garden , far enough away from the heaters for it to be a little chilly , nursing his drink and watching the few remaining people mill about the dining area .
zane slid an arm around his shoulders and turned him toward the flap in the tent that led out into the gardens .
then we wound up in the garden watching you smoke a joint with my brother . ''
` ` you did n't write down that you and deacon were getting high in the garden ! ''
kelly stopped walking and peered through the glass doors of the back patio , where ty and nick were both sitting on a bench in the garden .
they made their way to the bench in the garden where ty and nick were sitting .
` ` just because you could n't control that garden snake in your pants , we 're going to have a zombie apocalypse on our hands .
` ` two people , in one garden , both very much naked .
rose petals line a genuine aisle , leading all the way to the miniature version of the garden of eden .
skyla dive - bombs me , and i pull her in by the cheeks , kissing her mouth , drinking her down as if she were wine from the garden of eden .
` ` now , now - it 's no bigger than a garden snake . ''
the rain streams against my window , soft and lithe as a waterfall , as if someone is standing on the other side with a garden hose .
the room warbles , the molecules around us shift and bend until a new scene emerges , a garden , a sunny day , the scent of fresh lemons and spring grass infiltrates our senses .
` ` wow , my mom did a magnificent job of turning the garden of eden into a giant pile of gaudy crap . ''
when you pick a flower , you do n't just throw it back in the garden .
marshall looks like a marble statue fit for a king 's garden with the candlelight spraying over him .
chapter 70 bound a sacred darkness envelops us - a necrotic garden of exposed roots , trees the color of soot with twisted branches that mimic broken limbs .
` ` it 's from my mom 's garden .
we do a full - blown donut as we twist into the oliver driveway just before logan plows through emma 's flower garden .
logan plucks a reed from out of the border garden and twists it between his fingers .
i recognize this place as demetri 's paradise - like backyard , complete with ornate fountains - a rose garden that stretches out for miles .
melissa jumps back as if mia 's fistful of follicles has magically morphed into a thousand blond garden snakes .
unlike winter formal , the resort has extended its facilities to the outdoor gardens where a large dance floor is established under the night sky .
in the center of this fairylike garden lies a shimmering body of water with moonlight dancing across in a river of brilliance .
this is a dark eden hovering above , drawing us in , engulfing us in its wicked garden .
i haul us through the shrubbery , and we land in a rose garden that stretches out for miles with its labyrinth - like design .
she links her arm into his , and they delve deeper into the flower garden together .
` ` this is me just now in the garden , '' dad holds it out for us to see .
fresh spring lilacs scent the air from emma 's border garden as gage helps me down from the truck .
the strong scent of jasmine fills my senses as we make our way past the flower garden that borders the property .
a rose garden comes to life just beyond the glass .
the first time was when my grandmother said my sister and i were the roses in the garden of her life .
if my feet are telling the truth , the lake has decided to do its best impression of an arctic preserve , and we ' ve picked a lousy time to reenact the bathing rituals from the garden of eden .
late in the afternoon i go for a walk along the shoreline and watch as warren and ace glide across the water , easy and lithe as garden snakes skimming the surface .
instead , i toss the canoe into the bushes and stick my face under the garden hose for a solid minute .
i watch as their weed whackers get close to the border garden filled with marigolds - their proud orange poms shiver in fear of decapitation .
large rocks from my garden litter the cement floor , along with shattered glass .
` ` are you still going to plant a garden in the spring ? ''
my living room could rival her rose garden right now . ''
there are stone paths lined with solar lights leading to different gardens .
some of the gardens have little benches next to them to sit and enjoy the day .
steven montgomery spends endless hours on this garden , and it shows .
i stand with her and wander down one of the paths to a shady garden .
neil will place it by lucy 's favorite flower garden at home .
nirvana , sound garden , pearl jam .
there are shrubs lining the driveway , and flower gardens here and there .
` ` i want to show you girls my garden . ''
this particular wedding chapel offers an outdoor garden option .
there are sidewalk paths that meander through beautiful , lush green grass and gardens and water gardens .
there are sidewalk paths that meander through beautiful , lush green grass and gardens and water gardens .
and with the sound equipment facing the villa , everyone will be able to hear the music , even if they choose to wander through the gardens and such . ''
` ` we 're making the arbor , and will is going to take it home after the wedding and put it in their garden . ''
` ` i tried to talk them into just letting me write a song , but will has his pansy ass set on something pretty for the garden . ''
` ` fuck you , man , meg loves the garden , '' will replies , and then grabs leo into a headlock and rubs his head with his knuckles .
` ` you telling me that if sam said she wanted pretty in the garden , you would n't give it to her ? ''
chapter ten she does n't stop to see if i ' m following her as she walks purposefully into the bathroom , wine in hand , and turns on the taps of the garden tub .
jules calls out and hurries over to where i ' m talking with jax and logan in steven 's garden .
some students sit on the outer edges of the garden boxes that are placed incrementally throughout .
he 'd never again turn the rich , dark soil in the garden .
she and mum took off somewhere this afternoon , i think covent garden or notting hill , who knows ?
she decided this stubbornly , even though fazire tried to talk her into keeping at least some it , to finish the final rooms in the house , this included the entire garden level which had yet to be touched and the three rooms she had n't started on the top floor , not to mention her disaster of a bedroom .
her office , the only other room upstairs now due to the enormity of the master suite , the living room had been moved to the garden level , that nate had ordered her to decorate was n't finished yet either .
nate and victor had finished going over some business in nate 's new study on the garden level .
they were all standing in the hallway , their eyes , in unison , watching her progress as she rounded the ground floor landing and stomped down to the garden level .
she found him in their back garden , now lushly appointed with planters , pots and beds brimming with flowers and greenery , all of this well - tended by a weekly gardener .
she stood just outside the new french doors to the garden and called , ` ` nate ? ''
he was the one who was sneaking cigarettes in the garden at midnight .
you know , the plumbing and heating and the cars and the gardens and the forest and stuff like that .
the house lucien gave me was surrounded by woods except for the huge yard , immaculate garden and the pool ( yes , pool , with a small pool house , no less ) .
she 'd have a damask tablecloth , perfectly clean and unwrinkled and a silver candelabrum and fresh - cut flowers from the garden she tended that she 'd arranged herself .
she worked at the garden center in brownsburg but also maintained a few personal clients ' lawns and gardens .
she worked at the garden center in brownsburg but also maintained a few personal clients ' lawns and gardens .
mom was at bobbie 's garden shoppe buying flowers .
by the time he set down the bowl , blondie was beside herself and layne added a trip to the garden center to his day 's agenda to buy her more bowls so they could put them in the dishwasher and she did n't have her breakfast delayed .
she kept talking , ` ` i have garden furniture ordered from violet at the garden center .
she kept talking , ` ` i have garden furniture ordered from violet at the garden center .
layne moved to the little , black wrought iron table she 'd had delivered from the garden center and he stubbed out his cigarette in the ashtray she left out for him .
i had to work tomorrow , be at the garden shop at eight which was only a few hours away .
* * * * * it was four o'clock in the afternoon , i 'd been at the garden shop all day and during the day it had snowed .
this was what i was thinking as i drove home from the bobbie 's garden shoppe , my now full - time job .
her garden center was enormous , the biggest in three counties and everyone went there .
chapter two hunger i drove home from the garden shop thinking a variety of things .
` ` what , you live at that garden center ? ''
they 're not home much and i 'd rather make some extra cash putzing around a garden center than come home to an empty house . ''
` ` okay , then you use that two grand i set on your nightstand to make yourself a pretty garden . ''
our garden was the most beautiful one on our block ( even i had to admit that ) and tim thought my cooking was the bomb and he bragged about both freely .
the garden center closes early on sundays so she 's got time . ''
i took a shower and got ready to work the afternoon shift at the garden center .
* * * * * mike called while i was at the garden center and told me that he got reservations at costa 's and i should dress nice .
she dumped her big , slouchy , designer handbag on the table without looking at me or my garden and started digging through it .
if i was n't at the garden center , at the grocery store , doing laundry , ironing , cooking , cleaning house , buying expensive dog food and water bowls , sleeping with joe or just plain sleeping , i was in my yard .
and bobbie let me do the displays at the garden center and everyone was talking about them .
i even had a customer come up to me the week before and offer to pay me to have a look at her garden , said she was hopeless and needed garden direction .
i even had a customer come up to me the week before and offer to pay me to have a look at her garden , said she was hopeless and needed garden direction .
she 'd made it across her drive , was in his yard and she 'd lost the garden tool and the gloves .
her deck had fancy garden furniture with an umbrella , not white , plastic chairs , like his .
i had the afternoon shift at the garden center and i needed to talk to bobbie about changing the schedule so i could have next weekend off for sam and melissa .
* * * * * i sat in my car , doors locked like joe ordered me to keep them and i stared at bobbie 's garden center .
i had my visit from mike at the garden center and we 'd set dinner for tuesday .
and he liked the idea of her setting up her own business designing people 's gardens , by the look of hers , she 'd be good at it .
` ` her garden , '' keira chimed in instantly .
she 'd opened the garden center thirty years ago and she was plum tuckered out , ( her words ) .
now i had two of her friends and her neighbor who all wanted me to work in their gardens , planting fall flowers and setting it up with bulbs for spring then coming back and sorting it out for the summer .
` ` on my way to your garden center to buy a dog bed . ''
` ` i ' m at the garden center . ''
he flipped his phone closed , jumped down from the truck and went into the garden center to buy a dog bed .
` ` manager at the garden center , do n't take it . ''
we 're at the garden center , '' joe said .
i blinked at the counter then looked between kate and keira before asking , ` ` why are you at the garden center ? ''
i 'll be at the garden center sometime late mornin ' to pick up some rolls of sod . ''
you need to go to the garden center . ''
` ` she 'll be here soon , '' colt said even though he 'd learned from the girls she was n't at the garden center .
she is n't at the garden center either . ''
the trees that landscaped the outside were thin , the fluorescent tags from the garden store still on them , held up with sticks and wire to help them bear the brunt of winter and wind ; the leaves in summer not throwing enough to make but a hint of shade .
the small garden surrounded by the low , white fence .
what i 'd done that day , after deciding the menu , going into town , getting the food and visiting the weavers was tug on my least nice top and gran 's wellies and go work in her garden to prepare it to be at rest for the winter .
that said , the search for it and paperwork , which is most time - consuming , not to mention annoying , ate up the afternoon and i need to get some clothes as there 's more work to do in the garden and to see to that , i should n't be wearing versace . ''
` ` work in the garden ? ''
* * * * * i was in the garden and i did n't have a lot of time .
ethan might like having a pumpkin from my garden to carve for halloween .
the garden had seemed a great deal smaller when i 'd helped gran work it years ago .
my head snapped up and i saw henry standing outside the white fence that surrounded the garden .
i have work to finish in the garden and then i need to get to the school and pick up ethan .
after i gave up on the garden , went inside and saw i had a flurry of very verbose texts from alyssa explaining how things would go with ethan , bryant and sofie .
i wandered to the kitchen table and looked out the window at the gray blustery day , taking in a stormy sea , the fenced garden put to rest for the winter , the wisteria around the arbor cut back and ready to grow in and bloom come spring .
next year , i 'd plant pumpkins in that garden for ethan and tomatoes in hopes i could get conner to eat them .
the empty garden .
jake 's in her garden helpin ' her out 'cause we all know , lydia liked fresh veggies from her garden . ''
jake 's in her garden helpin ' her out 'cause we all know , lydia liked fresh veggies from her garden . ''
it was jake , who had worked the garden for gran .
because , no matter how busy he was , no matter all the plates he had spinning in the air , that was what jake would do because gran liked fresh veggies from her garden and he loved gran .
the garden had been planted but there was n't much there but rich dark dirt broken up by green shoots .
so , while josie was in the garden with ethan , jake was in the garage , beginning the clear out , something that conner would help him with after he got off work .
the minute the sun hit his face , he heard laughter coming at him from the garden .
not even a formal garden to wander through .
i raced down the side of the house , into the back garden , past a pretty gazebo , a large greenhouse and into the forest beyond where i saw two torches lighting the outside of a small outbuilding .
find someone and tell them there 's a threat to the children in the back garden . ''
even her neighbour , nosy , crazy , maddening ` ` keep your cat out of my garden '' mrs . truman knew that .
she 'd remember him teasing her grandmother that she had way too damn many rose bushes in the garden that gram would ask him to prune .
he threw his overcoat around the newel post and headed to the back of the stairs , rounded the wall and then down the backstairs toward the kitchen which was at garden level .
he made it to the garden level of his three - story townhouse to see , thankfully , she was not having a party .
he walked back down to her room , pulled on his boxers and headed down passed the ground floor , where he knew from his movements last night there was no bathroom , to the garden level .
it had thin bands of terraced gardens containing meandering paths running along its outer edge .
she spent her days in munich 's gardens , museums and churches as well as shopping , but not buying ( for herself , she got jenny a souvenir for watching zee ) .
they spent their nights in the city 's famous beer gardens with cash introducing abby to her new favourite thing , prinzregententorte , a culinary extravaganza including seven thin layers of cake separated with chocolate buttercream and covered in chocolate glaze .
abby ignored mrs . truman and welcomed the other ladies with a cheek - to - cheek touch , took their coats , hung them in the cupboard under the stairs and led them all to the garden level .
his eyes were on the shadowy , bare branches of the trees he could see in his garden .
he flicked off the light switch and kept walking to the stairs and down to the garden level while abby babbled , ` ` you ca n't be serious .
she modified the drive to complete at the studded doors at the side , added the fountain and laid the old front drive to gardens .
one summer , many years ago , while julia was in england for a visit , they were in the garden , drinking pimm 's and lemonade and watching lizzie and willie run through the hose that gavin was pointing at them .
julia walked to the enormous windows and stared at the dormant garden , still thinking of douglas , the man with whom she was now forced to live for at least the next twelve years .
` ` if you want to buy a ten foot ice sculpture of the eiffel tower and set it up in the bloody garden , i do n't care .
julia nodded and stared in vague alarm out the french doors of the old entryway at a ten foot tall ice sculpture of swans sitting in the middle of the garden , their bills pressed together to form a heart .
she allowed mallory into the garden when bran , unusually , darted out the front door .
she had a cat door in the bottom half of the split farm door that led from the kitchen to the back garden where bran liked to hang about and spend his hours in the sun .
* * * * * sibyl was working in her laboratory in the summer house in her back garden .
she loved her garden , with its flagstone paths and beautifully laid flower beds that were carefully created to look wild .
he had lied to sibyl only once , when he told her he did n't remember anything about the episode in the chalet in her garden the night before .
she grabbed her phone and went into the garden with mallory and bran close on her heels .
then she stood outside in the garden with the owners , bertie and mags , discussing ( at length ) what was to be done about the beehive while colin sat with scarlett , his legs stretched in front of him and crossed at the ankles , as he took in the scene .
colin took them to the village next to clevedon , to a lovely , small cafe nestled into pretty woods at the back of a garden centre .
they all carried in a mass of grocery bags and even a charcoal grill and now they 're in your back garden preparing for a goddamned barbeque . ''
we ' ve got a bloke doing the perimeter just in the woods beyond the cleared grounds and garden .
it was the same garden but the colours of the flowers were different , the garden was less formal , it looked wilder and immensely more beautiful .
it was the same garden but the colours of the flowers were different , the garden was less formal , it looked wilder and immensely more beautiful .
` ` rick 's no longer holding us captive in the library , the sun is shining , a bunch of people i love are sitting in the garden and the shish kebabs are ready . ''
he built massive structures in the garden , in trees , in the lounge .
it 's just that i do n't have a garden and my cottage is n't very big .
they owned the garden level .
it depicted a graceful , savannah mansion ( the ` ` haunted '' one where they 'd once lived ) with lushly blooming garden , an oak tree in front , moss hanging from its branches .
she looked ready to step on a private jet , i looked ready to go to six flags elitch gardens .
late summer blooms were stil in the garden , bushes held bunches of christmas lights , colorful lanterns were strung up high and lit lumieres were down low .
it was shoved in a huge , round turret , windows al around , filmy - white curtains and views of ulrika and swen 's quadruple - lot garden that ulrika kept ful of flowers and swen kept tidy as a pin .
i looked up at him to see his face was bland , almost uninterested , as if this information was n't damning and more than a little scary but instead preston was tel ing him that he knew lee and his boys had trampled a few flowers in a public garden for shits and giggles .
but nanette hardy was ripping her to shreds at monica henrique 's garden party a couple of years ago , really laying into daisy like only vicious , catty nanette could do .
the flat was close to covent garden .
however the setting was casual , my mom 's flower - filled garden in the background , and the pose was natural .
it was the dead of night and we 'd just cracked garden girl 's case .
that was the dealer who had his hooks into garden girl 's brother .
she would be ruined in vauxhill gardens , ruined to marry the man of her brother 's choosing - a man who was completely like her brother in every way .
you wo n't leave me here in the garden alone ! ''
i was so worried that after everything in the garden you were finally washing your hands of me , rejecting me as you must have believed i rejected you !
` ` my lord , '' she whispered through clenched teeth as he dragged her hastily down the path into the garden below the balcony .
you ca n't just go about trying to seduce people in gardens !
news would spread throughout the ton until everyone knew their shame , and she would become the future duchess of albany , all the while falling in love with her betrothed and thanking her lucky stars for making her follow him out into the garden .
after all , she was making out shamelessly in the gardens .
in the last book of the series , the author had left an epilogue about a garden wedding which took place between the late duke and the servant girl who turned out to be more than just a servant girl .
` ` stupid british men , dropping women and seducing them in gardens . ''
kessen sent christian a look begging for him to save her , but before he could grab at her hand and make up some lame excuse about looking at the vegetable garden , lady newberry sent him a seething glare , warning him to leave her granddaughter alone , which was probably a response to his earlier ungentlemanlike outburst .
oh yes , the vegetable garden .
` ` shall we take a stroll into the garden ? ''
at least that 's what he told himself every time he followed her into the garden .
each night he would follow her into the garden , and each night he would return alone .
he took you to the garden , seduced you with his words .
everything went still in the garden .
nick had been feeling angry ever since christian told him what happened in the garden .
` ` the tree house is just past the garden .
it was simple ; all they needed was for duncan and nick to be led out towards the garden where they would be sitting ducks .
she hardly noticed when , after giving the news team a tour of the garden , he walked by and slipped a folded note in her hand .
both parents made it seem like it was an accident that they were caught in the garden .
you would n't even let me seduce you in the gardens .
a bunny rabbit was hopping around the tree by the garden .
` ` it is called the garden . ''
in silence , they walked into the large garden overlooking benedict 's estate until they came to the water .
a rose garden for isabelle .
i believe i heard talk of a rose garden on the estate .
she sat on a cast - iron bench in a weedy , bedraggled garden - a public garden , nadia now saw from the chipped sign .
she sat on a cast - iron bench in a weedy , bedraggled garden - a public garden , nadia now saw from the chipped sign .
somebody vandalized bradford 's little garden .
the garden gnome that usually watched over their neighbor 's vegetable patch had been torn up - no .
thinking of garden gnomes reminded him of the last time he 'd become seriously distracted , enough to nearly start a fire - the night he 'd watched verlaine working on her computer .
` ` it 's like a boarding school , '' he went on , ` ` except there 's a gourmet chef and zen gardens and art therapy - just to take a break . ''
he seemed proud of the fact that it mirrored the structure of their inpatient place , complete with a little meditative zen garden in the center .
the backyards were thick with peach and olive trees , or rose gardens with arbors surrounding full tennis courts .
56 after my parents left , i was given a tour of the compound ; four buildings that connected with a zen garden in the center .
from the garden ?
jude stood in the zen garden , broad and imposing in the sand .
noah was in the garden .
but the garden was in the center of the compound and the walls around it were bare and sparse .
i saw the blood - soaked girl in the garden .
stella and jamie , hurt and bruised and dragging megan away from the torture garden .
i saw him standing in the center of a manicured zen garden , with huddled , hunched people arranged around him like rocks .
stuck something into my arm , and i passed out and woke up in the zen garden , tied up like you saw . ''
soon the stink and crowds gave way to gardens dotted with trees , and rows of grand buildings that towered above our heads , made of stones and bricks .
the garden bloomed with roses , and i bloomed into womanhood .
maybe ... '' jamie hopped back down the steps and ducked behind a small gate in front of the garden apartment .
i saw none of the anger he 'd shown in the garden at horizons , when he 'd tortured my friends and noah and me .
when i set fire to the garden my mother had planted years earlier , which my father loved more than he loved me .
i remembered him standing in the torture garden at horizons , telling me i had to be afraid , afraid enough to bring claire back .
curling up on the window seat in the sunroom , i stared at the small garden and the main road beyond the small stone fence .
we talk about the small garden she planted behind her newest house and how the only vegetable growing are the cucumbers .
or , for those who were of a more solitary nature , there was a vast library and a japanese rock garden .
but she did n't belong in this garden .
he instinctively slowed his pace as they neared a shadowed corner of the garden conveniently hidden by a trellis covered in climbing roses .
skimming his fingers over the curve of her ear , he shifted to make sure he was blocking her from sight of anyone entering the garden .
working in the garden .
duncan paced the inner garden of valhalla , his seething impatience making it impossible for him to stand still .
someone had entered the garden .
the rooms were cramped with well - worn furnishings and the garden so small that the handful of roses she had planted threatened to overwhelm it .
ignoring the stones that dug into her bare feet , she stepped into the garden and hurried toward the back gate .
` ` follow me , '' he urged , stepping out of the alley and into the garden of one of the town houses .
in martyred silence , she ignored the brambles and stones that cut into her feet , and even the realization that they were blatantly trespassing from one garden to another .
once in the bright summer sunlight , he paused to allow his eyes to adjust and then used the scent of miss hadwell to guide his feet across the garden and down the narrow alley .
resisting the ridiculous urge to reach out and keep her from leaving his side , sebastian watched in silence as she slowly made her way the short distance down the alley and turned into the corner of her garden .
with a heavy sigh , amelia reluctantly made her way through the silent house and into the garden .
not allowing herself the opportunity to be distracted again , amelia hurriedly crossed the street and entered the blessed familiarity of her garden .
entering the garden , sebastian never paused as he slipped toward the dark lane .
` ` you could not admire the beauty of the night from your own garden ? ''
the seductive privacy of a garden .
the garden , the night , the world itself disappeared as giddy delight seared through her body .
sebastian watched amelia hurry through the garden with a wrenching sense of loss .
a renegade heat flared beneath her cheeks as she recalled her encounter with sebastian in the garden .
chapter eight the sound from the garden was faint , but distinct enough to wrench amelia from her light sleep .
she would not protest another romantic interlude in the garden , with or without the moon .
well , on this occasion she vowed not to leave the safety of the garden .
reaching the edge of the garden , amelia was careful to keep herself hidden behind a large elm tree as she peered into the lane .
` ` i was in bed when i heard a noise in the garden , went out to see what was occurring . ''
slowing to a more cautious pace , he advanced over the overgrown garden , clearly able to hear drake 's rasping voice drake through the open door .
realizing that she had expected to discover two broken bodies in her garden , he gave a negligent shrug .
dazed by the unexpected intrusion into her thoughts , she scanned the empty garden .
suddenly realizing that she was not about to be murdered in her garden , she stumbled forward .
gideon slipped through the shadows of the garden with fluid ease .
she eyed him warily , for the moment forgetting the reason she had allowed herself to be lured to the garden .
he was not at all happy to discover that it had been more than a little difficult to leave simone behind in the garden .
a heavy silence descended as they rumbled down the cobbled streets , leaving behind the tidy squares and gardens to enter the narrow , dark lanes that were crowded with gin shops , slaughterhouses and common lodging hovels .
if a drive would not ease her troubled thoughts , then perhaps a relaxing afternoon in the privacy of her garden would help .
i believe i shall read in the garden for an hour or so . ''
` ` yes , i will , '' simone promised as she left the room and made her way to the back stairs that would lead to the garden .
she even found the burning questions of how this woman had managed to arrive in her garden being dulled to mere curiosity .
the thought of the renegade vampire tightened gideon 's features as he slid through the shadows of the garden .
` ` she came to the garden . ''
` ` then a queer old bird appeared in the garden .
chapter 14 late the next morning gideon was seated beside simone on the bench in her garden .
there was a loud cheer that utterly disturbed the peace of the garden .
instead she forced a casual smile to her lips as she crossed to the breakfast nook where the table was already set , complete with fresh roses from the garden .
located close to hyde park , it boasted a columned portico , as well as a large terrace that overlooked a tidy garden with a gazebo .
a deep male voice echoed through the darkness as lord hawthorne climbed the steps from the garden .
` ` he is in the hampton court gardens , still attempting to lure yiant out of hiding . ''
this was no mischievous sprite dancing about a garden or playing naughty tricks on the unwary .
as she reached the deep bay window that overlooked a small garden and distant lake , she came to an abrupt halt .
there was also an annoying scent of spearmint that permeated the air , as if the old lady that morgana had buried in the back garden was addicted to chewing gum .
` ` salvatore will never allow the curs to escape to some private garden of eden .
behind her the fire continued to spread through the tea shop , the smoke and heat spilling through the garden , but wiping away the sweat that gathered on her brow , regan remained grimly prepared to strike .
across the room the crimson curtains were pulled aside to reveal the towering windows that stretched the length of one wall , overlooking a sunken garden bathed in moonlight .
she had dined on two tender wood sprites that had strayed into green park and a lovely turkish businessman in covent garden .
belatedly on full alert , tane took a cautious glance about the long room with its soaring windows that overlooked the sunken garden bathed in moonlight .
just endless days of tedious peace they devoted to studying in their vast libraries and meditating in their supposedly endless gardens .
obviously the previous housewife had been dedicated to canning and juicing and pickling everything that came out of her garden .
a regular garden of eden .
instead , they devoted their nights to studying among the endless libraries or cultivating the gardens that managed to grow despite the lack of sunlight .
trellised gardens descended the length of the steep slope , coming to a halt at the edge of a stone grotto that not only served as a perfect picnic spot , but a lookout for salvatore 's guards .
` ` they are preparing for war while i am condemned to the gardens .
he 'd been convinced that nothing could be worse than to be condemned as a useless lump of stone and left to rot in styx 's garden .
instead she calmly allowed herself to be led through the brackish water and thick undergrowth , she was only briefly startled when they stepped through a thin barrier of magic to enter a vast parkland that had cement dykes to hold back the swamp and perfectly manicured gardens that bloomed beneath the fading moonlight .
he will seed our garden . ''
` ` seed our garden ? ''
a garden of eden .
` ` easy , amigo , '' styx soothed as the eight - foot brick fence surrounding his back garden exploded in a shower of rubble .
chapter twenty - seven leaving styx to deal with his endless duties as anasso , roke headed directly into the moon - drenched gardens .
they walked in silence until they neared the marble grotto in the center of the garden .
surrounding the structure were lush gardens , complete with a labyrinth , a gazebo and a fountain .
surrounded by lush gardens , complete with a labyrinth , a gazebo and a fountain , it was one of the most lavishly designed structures at the shade .
aiden pushed it open and we stepped into a garden which i assumed was somewhere south of the main estate .
i found the garden through , the secret passageways ingrid had told me about .
chapter 20 : aiden i held ingrid 's hand in mine as we walked toward the garden where we had our now regular midnight rendezvous - the same garden sofia had discovered and tried to escape from .
chapter 20 : aiden i held ingrid 's hand in mine as we walked toward the garden where we had our now regular midnight rendezvous - the same garden sofia had discovered and tried to escape from .
i was silent until we reached the garden , lost in my thoughts , relieved that ingrid was n't trying to make conversation .
the moment we reached the garden , ingrid motioned to kiss me , but i quickly pushed her away .
` ` how did sofia know how to get to the garden ? ''
i wondered once again if this reaction of his had anything to do with ingrid knowing how to get to that garden .
i could n't help keep the smirk off of my face as i made my way through the secret passages that aiden introduced to me during our short love affair and midnight rendezvous into the secret garden .
i knew how to find my way around the headquarters and quickly found my escape , emerging outside the gardens .
` ` we can go to the gardens after .
we were already in the gardens outside of the white temple - like structure .
we were in some sort of garden and we were both all dressed up .
chapter 42 : derek the sanctuary 's lush garden was a sight to behold .
the only places i was allowed to go to were the gardens and my bedroom .
` ` the only places i ' m allowed to go to are this bedroom and the gardens .
` ` you say that the only places they allow you to go to are this bedroom and the gardens , correct ? ''
i was brought inside and through a series of halls , gardens and brightly - lit rooms .
as we walked along the gardens so i could get a breath of fresh air , i hooked my arm over eli 's and expressed my apprehensions .
of course , the moment kiev left and i met up with eli for a walk in the garden , i was delighted to find how shadow responded to him with seeming eagerness and loyalty .
` ` i 'll take you to the gardens . ''
my legs carried me out of the temple and into the garden outside .
that damn garden is more loved than i am . ''
and more importantly , my garden .
my garden .
i work tirelessly to replant what i can of the vegetables that clark ripped up from my garden .
regardless of how hard i work to put this garden together , to make it flourish and bloom , to care for it and nurture it , all it took was a man with a temper to destroy months of hard work .
i turn away from him and look to my destroyed garden .
if you were in the garden , we were n't allowed out of mirage .
that 's why he ripped up my garden . ''
his cheeks are no longer sunken and i ' m almost ashamed by the fact that when he takes an afternoon run , i tend to my garden just so i can watch him .
my garden has been sorely neglected while tomas and xavier have been with us .
the relationship between clark and me has been strained ever since the day he pulled up my garden .
my garden calls my name .
my garden does n't need attending , and is looking greener and healthier each passing day , so i sit quietly on the bench under the large oak and contemplate life .
could you take garden duty ? ''
* * * i love garden duty .
it 's probably not a big deal to most , but this garden is special to me .
this garden is my haven .
i pick up my trowel and dig another hole in the soft , brown soil of the garden , ready to replant another bunch of basil .
bringing my attention back to the garden , i pick up the basil plant and do my magic .
bob leads us through the kitchen , out the backdoor , and past my garden .
the rest of the afternoon is spent reflecting and praying in my garden .
* * * the garden called my name from the moment i woke a second time this morning .
the second time i woke , it was well past ten a.m. too late for me to do kitchen duties , too late for me to take on any of the day 's rostered duties , but the garden needed tending .
the garden always needs tending .
and that 's why i love the garden .
one of my most hated garden jobs .
alas , it needs to be done , and if anyone else comes close to my garden , i start to hyperventilate .
i shuffle over to the garden , but surprise has me screeching to a halt .
the muffins now out of the oven , i turn it off and resign myself to a day outside doing my favourite thing in the whole world - tending to my garden .
and by tending to my garden , i must mean falling asleep on the bench by the large oak , because that 's exactly what i do .
directly off the back patio was an incredible rose garden .
she 'd brought him to the rose garden at woodland park zoo and together they 'd smelled every rose in the garden .
she 'd brought him to the rose garden at woodland park zoo and together they 'd smelled every rose in the garden .
by the time they 'd returned to his hotel , ravenous for each other again after less than two hours out of each other 's arms , she 'd learned that when ford had stepped away in the garden to make a quick phone call , it had n't been to discuss business .
* * * when jack had seen that mary and her mother were going to be just fine , he followed mary 's father , marco , out into the walled garden .
from a sunny walled winter garden in italy , jack sullivan silently toasted the hope that sales were going well and that customers were pleased with the value of their new purchase .
lucia had always hummed as she worked in the kitchen and the garden , and mary had found her parents waltzing together in the moonlit garden more than once as a child , but she 'd never realized that performing had been her mother 's dream .
not that they minded working in the garden and going out sailing with the club on one of dylan 's boats .
she also really liked having her hands in the rich soil as she weeded the garden , and the pigs and chickens had become like a second family to her by now .
` ` i was just out in the garden thinking about you . ''
` ` the garden ?
` ` i 'll bet summer and the babies would love to dance around your garden . ''
there was no note attached ... but that did n't stop her from understanding that she had n't been forgotten at all , because she was all but certain that the flower had come directly from the patch in smith 's front garden .
he 's back to his old self , out digging up my garden morning , noon , and night . ''
before she realized what he was doing , chase was down on one knee in the middle of the garden .
stretching out from the rear of the house was another wing , behind which there was a garden .
in the distance , rising above the wooded tree line at the far end of the gardens , there was a mountain range that framed the lush flora beautifully .
54 after her ` ` chauffeur '' parked her mother 's car in the garage , mels just sat in the passenger seat , staring straight ahead at the garden tools that had dust on them .
what a nightmare - her mother and father 's theology had shown up at an olive garden in a suit and a tie , proceeded to order for her , and then stepped up on a soapbox to hold forth for two hours of her life that she was never going to get back .
yeah , he probably said that in response to every conceivable reply : garden hoses , grills , lightbulbs , flooring .
the lineup of carts was also just the same , and so were the impulse buys lined up on tables - cookies , bags of chips , garden tools .
the garden tools were new , but the lay 's potato - chip stand and the three different kinds of sugar cookies in their plastic containers were exactly what had been there before .
fresh flowers from the garden that the doggen brought in daily .
not in their porcelain or their rose gardens .
the aristocrats who were moving back into town were spooked and seeing evidence of lesser activity in everything around them - which did not mean that slayers were in fact jumping out from behind garden statuary or hiding in their basements .
he 'd never thought of doing that with a garden rake , for example .
and given which side the strobe lighting was on , he figured they were in the garden - but they were running out of space .
the first impact came from the tops of the arborvitae hedge that confined the garden .
the airplane finally met an inanimate object it could n't get the best of : the shed that was used to keep some of the lawn equipment and gardening supplies in at the very rear of the garden .
talk about your post - apocalyptic scenes : there was a gully extending all along the flight path , like the finger of god had drawn a little line right through the garden .
the garden was utterly decimated , half of the ten - foot - high hedge next to the house cut down , all kinds of trees knocked over , bushes mowed through , the remnants of the crash landing scattered around like bomb shrapnel .
if he only had a bucket of water or , like , a garden hose to get them to disengage .
besides , he had already wrecked his hummer , torn up the garden , and then blendered his bedroom .
evidently , she was willing to allow others the use of not only her garden , but her halls as well .
as layla strode out into the garden , she was careful across the ice - covered terrace , splaying her arms out , going slowly : she did n't want to run the risk of falling .
stomach churning , she resumed her restless promenade , heading past the pool area and into the geometrically constructed formal gardens .
you really have the angel - living - in - the - garden - of - evil thing down . ''
there seemed to be a back entrance opening into a small garden .
halfway to some garden planet ?
it was a perfect late spring evening , unseasonably warm , and he could smell the profusion of flowers that surrounded his house and garden .
we just got a garden shed for $ 100 , and it was originally $ 500 . ''
from the front of the house , i could see the garden outside , and it looked lush and green with different plants and flowers .
the lights at the back coupled with the moonlight made his garden look magical .
` ` you smell like a dewy garden on a spring morning . ''
` ` braydon , i 'll meet you in the garden in a minute , okay ? ''
zane joined me outside in the garden and drank his coffee .
i questioned , secretly happy that his favorite flower was my favorite of all the flowers in his garden as well .
lucky stared at the garden in front of us .
we 're lying on bedsheets in the back garden .
patsy 's voice sounded reverent and the garden grew instantly still as i froze .
` ` girls , i 'll be right back , '' patsy suddenly exclaimed and walked out of the garden .
` ` i 'll be up at the garden center if you need any more help . ''
then tonight we 'll go eat at an olive garden and talk about how we 're going to play pool .
i want you to go outside and listen to the birds chirp and whistle , follow the light of the sun , touch the fragrant petals in my garden and breathe in the fresh air of nature .
` ` this was painted in his own water garden in 1899 .
` ` tonight we shall eat and drink , and then tomorrow we shall go to monet 's gardens . ''
a few days before the beginning of autumn , i came home to find her sitting in the middle of the weed - choked garden , and a knot of panic formed in my throat .
next to the sidewalk , i could see the bare patch of dirt in the garden and the pile of weeds still sitting on the lawn .
elysium , annwn , paradise - some even call it the garden of eden . ''
we were outside , in the middle of an elaborate and well - tended garden , with quiet fountains scattered throughout the flowers and hedges .
it was still as unnerving as it 'd been the day before in the garden , but this time i was too upset and exhausted to care .
past the edge of the elaborate garden was a forest that grew wild , and it extended through the other end of the property , hiding the river i knew was back there .
` ` everyone 's in the garden having fun .
a layer of earth separated the meadow from a dark river that flowed underneath , and beside it there was a delicate garden .
we spent our last christmas together eating ice cream and wandering through the gardens in the hot summer sun , and she pointed out the kinds of flowers that grew wild .
it was near the end of january when one afternoon , henry found me in the garden , wrapped in a cloak and kneeling next to a dormant , snow - covered rosebush .
when i opened my eyes , half expecting to still be in the garden , i had to steady myself against henry as i looked around .
pogo also seemed fond of him as he followed him through the garden , sticking close to nicholas instead of me .
much in the same way that my mother 's gardens were art , this was a masterpiece , and i could n't take my eyes off of it .
below it stood the underworld with its pillars of stone and gardens of jewels , and it was all i could do to speak .
furniture was scattered throughout , including two love seats , a desk and a vanity , and a great bay window overlooking the courtyard and the garden of jewels .
exactly like the ones in the garden outside .
she was the gentlest person i knew ; she did n't even kill the spiders and snakes that snuck into her garden .
like persephone 's garden , at least he would have something to remember me by .
instead we stood in a lush garden with trees as tall as the bright blue sky , and exotic f lowers surrounded us , turning toward us as we appeared .
some of them were as wonderful and lush as the garden ; others were full of pain and torture .
the girl knelt down in the garden beside the cottage door , and she started to pull weeds as she hummed happily to herself .
while the others were in the midst of preparing , ingrid and i wandered through the jeweled gardens , which extended to the edge of a black river that ran through the stone walls on either end of the monstrous cavern .
she wordlessly opened the door , and without looking back , we walked through the garden of jewels toward the portal that would return us to eden .
i expected an office , but instead we stepped into a cramped garden blooming with all sorts of flowers and herbs i did n't recognize .
i had n't let go since i 'd flown into his arms in rhea 's garden , and he had n't tried to make me .
` ` i mean , there 's always going to be love and travel and music and gardens and - and everything .
in the shadows , a crowd had formed , swarming the garden and the river on the other side of the cavern .
the background shifted into a garden that put versailles to shame .
a woman walking through the small garden to the right of the lot was the only person close enough to see his face , but she was busy looking down at her own feet , seemingly too absorbed by her own troubles to concern herself with his .
a slight breeze caressed her cheek , bringing with it the scents of the blooming gardens below .
beth was sure that maybe a couple of the people milling around the edges of the garden were legitimate tourists and wedding gawkers , but they were badly outnumbered by undercover agents .
she did n't know many men that would placidly sit in a flower garden for the better part of an hour when their girlfriends were making them , let alone by themselves .
` ` there 's still a little time before we have to make our way to the garden .
they were ones scattered around the perimeter of the garden looking away from the ceremony .
his arms tightened around her as he carried her the rest of the way through the garden .
he guessed it was like so many other utah towns - originally settled by mormon pioneers and organized on a grid , with small brick homes and plenty of well - tended gardens .
but it had always been well - loved and well - maintained , and the previous owners had done a fabulous job with the garden .
a couple of hummingbird feeders and a birdbath sat in a meticulously tended herb garden off to the right , but the trees and shrubs everywhere else were overgrown and the grass was a little too long .
taking a narrow path that led through the herb garden , he crossed over to the main house , where he saw a similar decorating theme .
` ` it helps keep the bad bugs in the garden from eating all the vegetables . ''
caleb located a broom in the corner next to a few garden utensils and started sweeping up the glass .
he 'd never forget the time he was working in the yard without a shirt and caught her watching him from where she was weeding her garden .
enough for two old sheds and a large garden , and that was just on her side .
i understand how- '' he seemed to be choosing his words carefully ` ` -lonely you must be ... living the kind of life you ' ve been living , taking care of your kids , working so much and devoting any free hours to your garden .
she 'd planted her garden .
aside from the bed , there was the kind of chair usually found in a garden , paired with an antique dresser .
guessing they 'd be too disappointed and angry at finding her gone to simply go away , he walked as quickly and quietly as possible through vivian 's garden .
claire relinquished the garden hose and accepted the paper .
jeremy helped plant her garden every spring .
lord druridge slid off the horse and helped her down , at which point she forced her frozen feet to lead them through the small , fenced garden she tended for her family .
` ` he could have brought her an entire spring garden , but all she needed was a doctor . ''
he started his horse walking toward the end of the thicket where soft , rolling hills marked the beginning of his gardens .
the ice and snow crunched beneath rachel 's boots as she cleared the small gate at the entrance to what had once been a garden but was now barren earth .
she walked with her brother in the gardens or along the cliffs , or ventured to the library down the hall on her own , which contained a more extensive collection of books than her bookshop .
the memory of returning , so recently , to find her mother dead made rachel 's breath catch as she stepped into the garden , but she pushed the pain aside .
` ` for the garden ?
he also joined her when she 'd gone out to weed the garden and , with his help , she made much quicker work of it than she would have otherwise .
i have my garden and some other photography to keep up with .
then he 'd weeded and watered the garden and stabilized the empty chicken coop that was listing to one side .
they were sitting on the back patio not far from her father 's large garden , watching rifle chase bees .
her garden was getting ruined since he had n't been around to care for it .
regardless of the weather , she used to sit beneath the awning in her front yard on main street at the corner of apple blossom , selling handmade soaps and lotions and , depending on the season , produce from her garden , eggs from her chickens , bottled pickles , peaches and tomatoes , sweet potato pies and brownies .
` ` not if you want me to do the garden in back . ''
the garden sprawled over a quarter of an acre and was entirely overrun .
first , she wanted to start on evonne 's garden .
somehow , restoring evonne 's garden had turned into her mission for the day .
irene motioned toward the garden .
this morning she was wearing a spaghetti - strap t - shirt with her panties , but after yesterday , she was careful to stand to one side as she looked down at the garden .
that 's why she likes to be in the garden . ''
` ` you worry about your garden and your vegetable stand and madeline and molly and whatever else concerns you , and forget about the past , okay ? ''
she preferred to spend the rest of the afternoon in her garden .
` ` why do n't you take these to your folks , '' grace said and gave him a jar of peaches , a jar of pickles , tomato sauce and some carrots and fresh herbs from her garden .
grace had been lying in her hammock , enjoying the aroma of rosemary and anise rising from her garden .
` ` and the garden ? ''
she 'd go to her garden .
no one skulked about in the garden or the garage .
she was considering buying it for the garden .
` ` dad said you could put it in the garden . ''
` ` covent garden apartments .
he fed the dogs , let them in or out of their pen , watered or weeded his garden , performed small maintenance chores .
` ` it 's 2303 sea breeze way in the garden district . ''
only a slice of kitchen could be seen from their vantage point , but it showed the small indoor garden where she grew herbs and wheat grass .
she 'd listed the day they had garbage pickup , directions to the grocery store and post office , even the number to ernie 's lawn and garden maintenance .
a set of wind chimes rang as she followed a concrete path that weaved through a spectacular garden toward a large workshop , the door of which stood open .
there was a carved mahogany armoire that still needed to be stained , a metal dinosaur that looked as if it belonged in a garden as elegant as his , a grandfather clock , several other clocks and parts of clocks , a sea chest , and three rocking chairs in different sizes .
she could smell turpentine in the shop , the scent of tomato plants drifting in from the garden .
a few weeds had infiltrated one of the garden boxes gabe had built up off the ground .
maybe he 'd even have her clean his house , his truck , weed his garden , run his errands .
she exercised every day , but she had a stretch mark low on her stomach from her last pregnancy , and her tan came from working in her small garden .
he grew most of his own fruits and vegetables in his garden , and he did n't eat a lot of processed foods .
if that did n't work , he 'd mow the yard , weed the garden , or make a new clock , rocker or cabinet .
a detached garage sat off to one side , at the end of a long drive , and a stone path led through the backyard , past a root cellar and a neatly tended vegetable garden , to the back porch .
` ` weeding the garden , washing her old buick , making a meal or two . ''
` ` it was in cherry condition : custom rims , tan leather interior , every upgrade in the book ... . '' mike hung up and went for the garden hose .
conner glanced up as vivian entered the room , carrying a bunch of fresh flowers she 'd no doubt cut from the garden at the napa house .
but soon every nook and cranny in the whole house was sparkling clean , and she had nothing to do but plant a garden .
she 'd been planting since just after breakfast , and her garden was growing - but so was her belly , which made it difficult to bend over for long .
delaney had fenced them out of her garden with three - foot wire .
rebecca had never planted anything in her life , not even a small garden like the one delaney had weeded for aunt millie and uncle ralph when she was a teenager , but she 'd thrown herself into delaney 's new love with unexpected enthusiasm .
and i ' m busy with my garden . ''
` ` i ' m pretty settled out here with my garden and helping around the house .
she brought over produce from her garden , had just quilted sophia a blanket , saved magazines and news clippings she thought sophia might find of interest .
sophia gazed over the garden where her mother spent the majority of each morning .
there were vegetable gardens in this part of the compound , too .
but if nate caught the inadvertent reference to satan in the garden of eden , he did n't let on .
they 'd already been through the business , church and personal sections of the enlightenment hall , the temporary school ethan planned to replace , various tents that housed his people , the beehives and chicken coops , and the garden and livestock areas that made the commune as self - sufficient as possible .
he 'd come through the fence by the garden area .
someone is in the garden .
it must be very cold outside in the garden .
and here is the man in the garden , still standing before the window , looking in .
the man in the snowy garden .
there is no man in the garden , of course ; there never was .
a man in the garden .
but now she was wondering if a garden of memories might not grow over the hole of losing luba .
` ` like , do you think the olive garden has a spaghetti wall ?
the first settlement families owned all the good land , so those girls got real houses whose walls did n't moan and sway , and gardens that grabbed the best sun , and maybe even a ribbon of clear water slipping across their plot , as aglint with green - gold fish as the mosaics of the church floor .
that is to say , she opened her door to find her mud yard in bloom : an impossible winter garden , blossoms from all the world 's array .
a giant garden rose floats behind my head like a halo , and i ' m staring straight ahead at the viewer .
maybe someday i 'll get a big garden rose on my other arm . ''
he pulls me into someone 's private garden .
it 's a vast indoor sculpture garden .
i had a large patch of rock to work with outside as well , and over the years , i created a jeweled garden .
together we tended the tidy garden , and sometime in midafternoon , i worked up the courage to ask the question that had haunted me ever since aphrodite had mentioned it .
without giving her a chance to protest , i led hermes out of the cottage and through the garden .
eventually we began to exchange glances , and then smiles ; after the first thousand years , he finally came to visit me one summer , and we spent the day tending the garden with my mother .
a wild garden full of exotic flowers that tangled together in chaos .
flowers bloomed in the garden , a rainbow of colors and as fresh and new as the spring , and the scent of a summer day wafted through the air .
` ` you have been nothing but a thorn in my side , dear niece , and the time has come to weed the garden , '' he said smoothly .
i can not imagine a gathering where i would be less at home ; a turnip mislaid in a rose garden .
when i reach the small , squat cottage surrounded by a riotous garden , i dismount , tie the horse to the fence post , then open the gate .
her cold blue eyes full of anger , she crosses to the window and stares out into the convent 's barren garden .
the gardens are deserted , since no one else is fool enough to venture out to this raw , barren spot .
he glances around at the secluded section of garden , his eyes missing nothing .
` ` in the garden , talking to a crow . ''
she was always bringing flowers into the house , not just from our formal garden , but from the meadows as well .
i lower myself from the wall into a garden filled with greenery .
` ` no , for you are my daughter and i would no more punish you for plucking flowers from my garden than i would for your drawing breath .
` ` said she was taking a turn in the garden and saw the crow come in , but i ca n't fathom what she 'd be doing in the garden on a day like this .
` ` said she was taking a turn in the garden and saw the crow come in , but i ca n't fathom what she 'd be doing in the garden on a day like this .
neal kept tulip bulbs in the refrigerator and sketched garden plans on the back of whole foods receipts .
they talked about the studio day care some more ; it was montessori , georgie said - for probably the third time that night - and the kids had their own vegetable garden .
i had to pull myself together because we had plans to go to busch gardens today and i was going .
a sign comes into focus the closer we get , brookgreen gardens .
the sun is just starting to set as we make our way to the restaurant which is on the other side of the garden .
his hungry expression makes my body vibrate with liquid fire from all the pent up sexual tension from the garden .
i got a feel of it back at the garden so i smile through the kiss knowing he 's probably had a hard on the whole time .
his pinky grazes mine just like at the gardens .
i always remembered the little old lady that was out there every day in the garden .
we were going on a date to brookgreen gardens again at my request .
if the population had n't been thinned so dramatically through the war with priest and grigor , queensland would have already been on the verge of starvation , even with the hydroponics garden and the tetchy kitchen - mate .
he 'd never done field work with them , never seen them do anything at all outside the garden .
dred intercepted jael on the way to the gardens .
there was a space behind the hydroponics garden , once dedicated to randd but now mostly full of cobwebs and dust .
then she pulled him along , past the hall to the common room , past the hydroponics garden and the armory , past the dorms .
jael turned , ready to head for the hydroponics garden , when she spoke again .
at that point , they took a break , and jael went to the hydroponics garden .
` ` so the garden was n't producing before you took over ? ''
` ` and that would be why i ' m the only one who volunteers to help in the garden . ''
` ` i thought he just liked the garden . ''
you came to us in the garden .
but without them to tend the hydroponics garden , food supply would diminish .
someone else will figure out the hydroponics garden .
44 garden of evil jael shot the queenslander chasing dred .
get to the hydroponics garden and do n't let anyone inside .
they would n't last long without the fresh food growing in the garden , so he took off right away , dodging the barrage the peacemaker unloaded in his direction .
` ` dred wants us posted outside the garden . ''
the fighting had already reached the hallway leading to the garden .
` ` they were on their way to the garden . ''
vix and zediah were defending outside the doors , while the enemy shouted , ` ` take the garden .
while their deaths solved a personal problem for jael , zediah and vix had known the most about running the hydroponics garden .
if the garden stops producing , we 'll run out of food .
during that time , they drove off two more runs at the garden and killed even more rebels .
it would be processed and converted into fertilizer for use in the hydroponics gardens , which did n't work as well as they were supposed to .
it took only five seconds for him to begin babbling , ` ` grigor means to take the hydroponics garden .
` ` the word 's out that grigor means to move against the garden .
her other big asset was the hydroponics garden .
` ` i 'll take my turn on patrol , '' he said then , ` ` but i 'd also like to work in the hydroponics garden if there 's somebody willing to show me what to do . ''
keep a sharp eye on our perimeters , especially all access points near the garden . ''
he had some time to kill , so he went to the hydroponics garden .
the hydroponics garden stopped producing , and artan 's solution was more blood sport . ''
probably some casserole or fricassee created from the hydroponics garden .
my quarters are in use at the moment , but we can walk toward the hydroponics garden .
if he was lucky , he could put in a few hours in the hydroponics garden before the next emergency .
the hydroponics garden was undamaged , and the barricades were all in place , but somebody had tampered with the kitchen - mate that wills had recently repaired .
32 in the garden the room that housed the hydroponics garden was enormous , comparable to the great hall , only instead of drunken , smelly queenslanders , this space was lush and green , every available surface covered with plants spilling out of specially formulated pods .
32 in the garden the room that housed the hydroponics garden was enormous , comparable to the great hall , only instead of drunken , smelly queenslanders , this space was lush and green , every available surface covered with plants spilling out of specially formulated pods .
row upon row of tables supported the groaning weight of the garden , somewhat miraculous without soil .
in the meantime , he 'd help out in the garden .
` ` in a hydroponics garden on a prison ship ? ''
when i get out of here , i 'll use my ill - gotten gains to plant a huge garden on my country estate . ''
he did n't ask why they spent so much time in the garden .
` ` i was in the hydroponics garden , working with vix and zediah .
` ` i ' ve put you on the roster for the garden , by the way .
zediah , who worked as much as possible in the gardens .
in the moonlight , it was beautiful : solar lamps by the fence , a potted herb garden , hanging baskets of flowers and wicker furniture padded with striped cushions .
i slipped out of the blanket and let myself out of the garden by the external gate , then i circled around to the front doors .
his garden smelled of flowers and green things , delicately come to blossom in the warmth of the afternoon .
the next afternoon as i was helping my grandmother weed her garden , we saw officer daniels pull up in front of our house in his official healy police department vehicle .
a snake in the garden is still a snake , and there 's no way that hedder can afford to set up residence at the plaza without having fleeced his share of lambs .
the howes are out in full force , standing on the far side of the long , oval reflecting pool that divides the indoor garden .
` ` i made a modest gift to open up the private member gardens to the public . ''
the gardens have been available to members only , but mr . kerr came to us a few months ago asking if we would be interested in opening them up much like the museum is open , on a pay - what - you - wish basis .
we will be naming them the sophie corielli gardens . ''
unsurprisingly tiny liked the orangerie , a small museum in paris 's tuileries garden , better than the louvre .
the backyard has a jacuzzi in it , along with a flower garden and a gazebo that has a bunch of wind chimes hanging on it .
the secret garden .
exactly one month after i slept with him , i 'd woke up on a beautiful saturday morning and decided that i wanted to work outside in my little garden .
` ` i read better homes and gardens . ''
i think i read little women at the age of five , and the secret garden sometime after that .
the tables were arranged around a large circular open - air garden that featured twisting grapevines , along with orange , olive , and almond trees .
tall bronze rods topped with beeswax candles burned in the open - air garden , and golden bowls full of fresh - picked grapes , oranges , almonds , and olives sat at the feet of the various statues of the gods there , including dionysus and demeter .
everything in the garden seemed to have a warm bronze tinge to it tonight , including the goblets full of wine that had been placed next to the bowls of fruits and nuts , and the air smelled sharp and sweet , like citrus .
the table also had the advantage of being right next to the open - air indoor garden that stood in the middle of the dining hal .
marble statues of demeter , dionysus , and other gods and goddesses could be seen in various spots in the garden , their heads facing out and their eyes open , as though they were watching the students eat the bounty of the harvests they represented .
adding to the atmosphere was the open - air indoor garden that took up the center of the room .
adding to the illusion was an open - air indoor garden that stood in the middle of the enormous room .
statues could also be seen in the garden , food and harvest gods mostly , like dionysus and demeter .
even more ominous was the fact that all the statues in the garden had dropped their heads and were staring at the grapevines twisted around their feet , as if they did n't want to see what was about to happen .
an image of my dead , broken body lying on the floor popped into my mind , my blood oozing over the marble , the scarlet stream getting soaked up by the black dirt in the garden and feeding the gnarled vines there- i shook my head , banishing the image .
the only thing that was sort of similar to home was the open - air garden in the middle of the enormous room .
but instead of grapevines , the garden here featured a variety of evergreen trees that somehow grew in the middle of dense boulder formations .
well , it 's more like a garden , really .
the toppled walls and crumbled bits of stone formed a sort of rocky garden at the edges of the courtyard .
` ` this is where the goddess eir had her garden , and as you can see , all sorts of flowers still flourish here today .
farther into the garden , carson let out a series of violent sneezes that told everyone how much his allergies were acting up .
not only that , but i swore that i saw her raise her hand , her finger pointing toward the back corner of the garden - almost like she wanted me to go see what was over there .
but the dining hall 's most interesting feature was the open - air indoor garden that lay in the center of the room , complete with statues perched among the almond , orange , and olive trees planted in the black soil and the curling tendrils of the grapevines that wound around , through , and over everything .
white , pink , and red lights had been strung up in the indoor garden in the middle of the room , wrapping around all of the trees and even the statues there , and casting the entire area in warm , soft light .
at first , i wondered why , but then i realized that everyone was smiling , from the students on the dance floor to the adult chaperones chatting by the punch bowl to the statues in the garden .
i weeded the front garden next to the driveway and painted the mailbox .
they were carnations and obviously were n't picked from someone 's garden .
a unique rock garden trickled out a stream of water and gently bubbled , a soothing background for sharing dreams and desires .
they were mostly identical , little two - bedrooms with a tiny window in front , but a few of them had flowers in the yard or a garden off to the side .
the little homes had backyards with wooden fences , and i caught glimpses of gardens and flowers .
the reporter keeps going on and on about how this tour has sold out madison square garden faster than justin bieber 's first show , and how it will be the concert of the year , if not the decade .
and we want a kiss - and - make - up scene at the madison square garden concert .
` ` if you do n't want me to ruin this , then when we get to madison square garden , you 'll say on that stage that your fucking song is a lie . ''
just like i will in madison square garden .
we have a movie to film , and the producer wants her on the stage of madison square garden .
lionel told me to observe the female dancers because the producers really want me up there for madison square garden .
come hear me sing at madison square garden . ''
madison square garden .
` ` i 'll walk from here , '' i tell the driver , slipping him a couple of bills and then , regretfully , hauling out my luggage and looking toward the entrance to madison square garden .
vella had used it to store garden tools .
images of suzanne played across his mind - of them laughing in their gardens , of her face as he plunged inside her .
they left the path , heading away from the beach , and moved deep into the heavily landscaped gardens of the nearest hotel .
it emanated from somewhere in the hotel 's extensive gardens and floated upward to the long veranda .
the massed foliage of the gardens was so thick it was like looking at the top of a jungle canopy .
the two of them went at it like bunnies back there in the ocean garden room .
leonora drove gloria back to melba creek gardens after dinner .
a garden hose .
lush , green gardens framed an airy , modern structure that was oriented toward the view of the lake and the office towers of downtown seattle on the other side .
andrew looked past her , through the windows , toward the sleek yacht berthed at the dock below the garden .
chapter 1 no one ever said that the devil could n't have a rose garden , amy comfort thought .
on the other hand , the rose garden of the old draycott place was no ordinary one .
` ` owen , this garden went wild years ago , just like the house . ''
unaware or uncaring of her irritation , owen sweet went about his work among the grotesquely tangled rosebushes that clogged the garden .
sleek muscles moved easily beneath owen 's black t - shirt as he shifted an armload of defeated vines to a growing pile in the center of the garden .
the interior of the house was as run - down and abandoned - looking as the garden , but at least nothing appeared to be actually growing on the walls or springing up through the floorboards .
she reminded owen of the wild roses in his garden .
amy would endure and flourish , just as the flowers in the draycott garden had endured and flourished .
he had been dumbfounded when she had strolled into his wild garden and offered him a case .
hector sprawled in front of the window overlooking the garden , which , in turn , overlooked elliott bay and downtown seattle .
he started across the heavily landscaped pool gardens .
` ` what would you say to one hour in a private hot tub at the tropical gardens motel ? ''
at the front desk of the tropical gardens , there was no need to bother with the carter i d .
` ` shut up and go out through the gardens .
beyond the windows was an extensive garden .
even in early fall when blooms were fading , mitchell 's garden was a work of art .
in the dark months after the death of their parents , mitchell had taken his two grandsons into the garden a lot .
he had been in a strange mood since returning from the after - dinner walk in the garden .
did things go okay between you and your grandfather out there in the garden ? ''
he stopped once before he went up the steps and plucked a few sprigs of the mint that were growing beneath the garden 's water faucet .
` ` your grandfather is out in the garden . ''
that afternoon , she walked into mitchell madison 's garden and looked around with interest .
she turned and walked out into the garden .
she wandered into the garden and looked around , savoring the little slice of paradise that was mitchell 's creation .
the light breeze off the bay shifted tree branches in the corner of the garden .
gail is the daughter of elmore and betty johnson , the folks who run johnson 's nursery and garden supply .
` ` mercer arboretum , shade bog garden .
a two - hundred - and - fifty - acre botanical garden , mercer was a welcome spot of green shade popular with magical heavyweights .
there was something about gardens , and especially flowers , that drew magic users to them even if their magic had nothing to do with plants .
i got up and walked south , heading toward the gardens .
the path brought me to the center of the gardens , to a rectangular plaza surrounded by towering trees .
a man like that did n't just take a stroll through botanical gardens .
` ` i was searching the gardens for you when i heard that idiot 's motorcycle . ''
` ` got a nice room for you , it overlooks the garden .
every room in the whole damn place overlooks the garden .
lots of stone walls on the outside to keep the neighbors from breaking in , and plenty of room inside to enjoy the gardens and privacy .
she leaned out , expecting a view of lush gardens .
when jonas looked out across the overgrown garden he could see the light he had left on in the bedroom he was sharing with verity .
jonas studied the shadowed garden .
she tried to concentrate on her book , but she found herself gazing out into the overgrown , weed - tangled garden .
11 the following morning lucy was sitting at a table in becky 's garden , the cheerful cafe next door to the harvest gold inn , sipping a cup of freshly brewed organic green tea and munching a slice of toast that was also guaranteed to be organic and baked locally , when she heard her named called out .
` ` they always picked up the baskets at becky 's garden .
the rear door of the house slammed open just as the three of them rushed into a small , elegantly landscaped garden .
she opened the fan again , revealing the elegant garden scene etched into the steel , and slashed at the killer 's hand with the edges of the razor - sharp leaves .
several birds had landed in the courtyard garden and in the bright , early - morning light they hopped cheerfully about having breakfast .
the expansive avylyn household consisted of three long wings of chambers , gardens and halls that radiated out from a central core structure in the manner of spokes on a wheel .
sariana stared gloomily out the high arched windows that opened onto a garden of vivid flowers , wondering how she had gotten herself into such a predicament .
for the first time he looked away from sariana , focusing on the brilliant flowers in the garden outside .
too many flowing staircases , too many overwrought facades , too many grand galleries and gardens .
i finally found this one in the gardens down by the river . ''
i had to get up before dawn every morning and go out into the gardens .
having got her attention , gryph stepped back into the shadows of the garden .
sariana carefully took his uninjured arm and started down the garden path toward the wing of the house that contained their suites .
delek received his unexpected guest in a garden that was in full bloom .
she walked through the garden , the skirts of her yellow gown lightly brushing the heads of some of delek 's beautiful flowers .
but the still , heavy muggy ness was a drastic change from the clean , crisp air of port valentine and an even greater change from the perfumed gardens of clementia .
` ` just like a garden in clementia , '' cidra breathed as she came to a halt in front of the entrance .
i could n't bear to watch you pining for the gardens of clementia and the love of a man who will never want to make love to you .
the garden in which the stone bench resided was even more expensive .
rather like a torla in a garden .
cidra was n't a torla in this garden .
if there had ever been any gardens around the big house , they had long ago disintegrated under more than a century 's worth of pacific storms .
the clusters of stars were like swarms of fireflies in an endless garden of night .
the hunter led them through a section of gardens steeped in shadows .
i weeded the garden , mowed the grass , clipped around the trees , painted the picnic table that no one sat on .
he remembered the scent of the garden : the soft musk of the roses , the damp coolness of freshly turned earth , the trace of his mother 's perfume and sweat .
` ` you look like a garden fairy . ''
` ` i thought you were a garden fairy . ''
desert flowers could be gorgeous , but these were from a hothouse garden - large puffs of white hyacinths , climbing yellow roses , and red and pink dots of sweet william , mixed with tropical flowers like bird - of - paradise .
a pretty garden , with chairs and tables set out so misty and friends could sit and enjoy iced tea or whatever women drank on summer afternoons .
the jutting branches of the neighbor 's tree plus the wall of misty 's garage shielded that part of the garden from the house , and the glow from her lit back windows was muted here .
graham thought of misty 's small garden where the much sparser growth had smelled clean and sweet .
graham and the moonlight shining on her , on her garden , on the flowers around them .
she smiled , remembering the warmth of him around her , the wild passion of their lovemaking in the garden and later in bed .
some of the scratches were from last night with her , when graham had made hot pounding love to her in her garden .
i want you on your hands and knees , like in your garden , in the moonlight .
the old house sprawled in the garden like a lazy white beast , a seemingly random three - story - high collection of rooms , patios , balconies , and stone stairways .
they had walked through the gardens together , just like she was doing now , drifting along the curved stone paths , the college 's forbidding stone walls behind them .
the way she held herself with assurance and slight indifference , as if she were strolling through a garden listening to the slightly boring droning of a friend , made it impossible to question her right to be here .
i was going to travel , i really was , but the house needed work and the garden needed to be tended , and there were good books ... '' she made big eyes at him .
they stood in the very center of the garden , where the path formed a ring .
he was about to walk out of the garden .
monsters were climbing over the brick wall into the garden .
a large garden spread before her .
there had to be fifty of them in the gardens .
charlotte stood in the middle of the garden .
the blight ran from her , spreading through the garden .
he stepped on to their dried corpses and walked across the garden .
my garden is designed to run right into the meadows , so it 's as though i step into paradise every time i walk out my door .
she tried to work in the yard , neatening her garden , but she found herself stabbing the trowel into the dirt again and again for no reason .
` ` crowd - control devices are illegal except in gardens of bliss , and there you have to sign a liability form . ''
` ` is a garden of bliss as bad as it sounds ? ''
you sign a consent form and splash around in a garden with pretty flowers and ponds of warm water while good feelings are being pumped into you by magic . ''
i cried , and grandmere told me that mom was in heaven , in a beautiful garden , where she was happy and safe .
niall led her behind the forge and to a neat cottage with a garden in front .
` ` she was working in her garden .
` ` she likes the gardens .
they reached the apollo fountain in the middle of the garden within a minute , cameron 's heart hammering .
` ` rest of the gardens ?
` ` perhaps i will take a stroll in your lovely garden . ''
back to the floor to divide into two patterns , each exactly mirroring the other , resembling the carefully trimmed hedges in the garden below .
he 'd depicted them in a garden , though isabella knew he 'd likely done all the sittings right here .
gone were the orchestra , dancers ' finery , and footmen circulating with champagne ; in their place were men in kilts , women in plaid gowns , the english guests in casual clothes that indicated they 'd next take a tramp in the garden .
but she 'd felt more alive pressed against the hard doorframe while he 'd kissed her , the sounds of the christmas party in the distance , than louisa had any other day of her life , especially this one , in this tea tent at a perfect english garden party .
a bishop dropped dead at a fancy garden party in the middle of a load of toffs .
afterward you could have dropped the bottle in the tea tent , or surreptitiously tossed it into the garden as you walked through it , or even hidden it in this room while you waited for me .
he 'd sneak away from home and play in hyde park , st . james 's park , green park , or holland park , until someone reported an urchin in their garden spaces , and a constable chased him away .
eleanor had sent louisa to go among those from the garden party and ask questions because she wanted louisa to report directly to fellows herself .
besides , would the lady risk killing the man in her own garden ?
louisa stood in the garden at kilmorgan castle , sunlight on her face , climbing roses around her .
the coachman had come down off the box , and flapped his hands at the journalists like a woman shooing chickens out of her garden .
the last was from an older woman who stood in her front garden opposite the station , her hands wrapped around a cane .
rose was surprised again when they said good - bye to the lieutenant and major and left the restaurant and rode the short distance to covent garden theatre .
the summerhouse lay on the far end of the huge formal garden , right on the edge of the estate , a lengthy tramp along paths that had become overgrown and rough .
a garden had been planted around it , barren now for winter , but the bushes were full and would be fuller in the growing season .
it was neat and sculpted , again as though someone had taken the gardens of versailles and given them a good rinsing until they were small enough to fit here .
rose stood in the middle of this garden , wind buffeting her coat and hatless hair , staring at the door and its rose motif .
palladian , steven thought it was called , when classic architecture was revived and capability brown had been sought to plan gardens .
the sunlight danced on the short grass , turning it a cheery green , and at the western wall , flowers bloomed in the small garden .
she used to be so happy in this house , back when the garden was cultivated , the path to the creek swept , and the walls were a bright cheery yellow .
and the garden , once overgrown , was now barren , since lagar had mowed it down to nothing .
odd that it would be in the garden .
i finish packing and destroy the garden .
the flowers still bloomed in the small garden along the wall .
every yard was green , with gardens or flower boxes running riot with summer flowers .
` ` makes you sweet as a garden .
humans can watch shifter moms planting gardens , dads coming home from their working - class jobs .
connor was at school , so they did n't have to explain why they 'd left him behind to go to the innocent - looking garden shed behind another shifter 's house ; kim was at her office .
the inside of the garden shed looked innocent as well .
the shifter to whom this garden shed belonged was n't home , but liam came and went here as he pleased .
the sun still shone bright , the weather was pleasant , the garden flowers pretty , and the row of stuffed animals gazed at her with adoration in their plastic eyes .
the inside of the dome swirled and formed a small white - walled city with gardens and carved white towers .
tiny foxes in bright robes lectured before their students in the gardens , strolled through the marketplace , and danced in a square while two other foxes played oddly shaped instruments .
cassidy looked around with interest as they pulled up in front of the deceptively compact house with its neat cactus garden edged with spring wildflowers .
it 's mostly gardens , orchards , family estates .
* * * * * * * * * claire had no idea that the top floors of the guardian building housed a garden .
on most worlds when a war breaks out , both sides have access to prior culture , to art , to pre - war luxuries such as gardens , clothes , entertainment .
` ` rolando said you and claire had an intimate dinner in the roof garden on friday . ''
surrounded by orchards and trees , the house drowned in a vast garden , and as claire walked next to ven down the twisted path from the aerial landing pad , a sea of dahlias bloomed on both sides of her : peach , orange , yel ow , blood - red , deep purple , blue fringed with white , some large , some smal , some with wide petals , some with narrow frayed florets , others a mere single ring of petals around a flat disk in the center .
she looked as if she belonged on the porch of this house , in the garden of dahlias , on this planet .
something rustled in the garden below .
someone had engineered a short - life , weapon - grade plant virus and nuked the rival 's garden with it .
` ` ven , you took me to the this garden paradise , which i could never have , and introduced me to a woman who was more than me in every way .
` ` i almost did , up in the roof garden .
tiger turned in through a gate to another house , scattering two more men with garden tools .
she was aware of minute noises : water gurgling in the pipes , two bees buzzing in the small garden on her right , a faint whistling of the draft generated by the climate control system ... ` ` please , do him this favor . ''
* * * two hours later meli sat in the garden .
beyond the small plot lay a narrow street , typical to old town , where streets were narrow , houses old , property values low , and residents still kept an occasional garden .
meli had bought the house for the garden and filled it with dahlias , permitting only a few brugmansias and two pink silk trees for fragrance .
filled with bright color , it suggested a garden .
he had expected her to have a garden .
` ` would you like to eat in the garden ? ''
she led him through the house into the garden .
in his youth , he had spent countless evenings on the balcony of carvanna house , sitting in a chair , puzzling over a financial riddle , and when he would look up to clear his head , the riot of dahlias blooming in the garden greeted him just like this .
ignoring the explanation of the diagnostic engineers , he stole a minute of precious time to queue up the camera he had planted in the garden on his personal unit .
there are no traces of biologicals except for the plants in the garden . ''
the garden flashed in his head .
he had seduced her on the soft grass in the garden three days ago .
celino strode into the garden and knelt on the patch of grass .
i bought your house and i sit in your garden , like some sort of imbecile , hoping you 'll come through the door . ''
` ` i say , we 're at covent garden opera tonight .
` ` you know about the murder in covent garden last night ? ''
` ` he got into his coach in the wee hours of the morning and went to covent garden .
the woman in question was a famous soprano , the very one who 'd enchanted beth at covent garden the week before .
` ` i met your brother lord ian at covent garden last week . ''
` ` i do n't think stealing oranges in covent garden ten years ago would warrant an inspector chasing you to paris tonight . ''
tell me , have you read of a murder in a boardinghouse near st . paul 's , covent garden , about a week ago ? ''
the woman killed at st . paul 's , covent garden , was called lily martin . ''
turns out she 'd moved into this covent garden boardinghouse , and a protector was paying her handsomely to live alone and keep quiet .
he 'd wanted her as his refuge ever since he 'd seen her sitting next to lyndon mather at covent garden opera house .
` ` is that why you did n't speak much when you came to mather 's box at covent garden ? ''
beth turned sharply the next morning on her walk through the tuileries gardens .
in the tuileries gardens , it had taken both mac and curry to pull him away from fellows .
` ` i wanted you in covent garden , '' he said .
` ` i 'd love a turn in the garden before bed .
the garden could be just as entertaining .
when he did n't respond , they moved off to explore the garden .
he held her face between his hands , her beautiful face that had jolted through the clamor in his head at the covent garden opera house .
they 'd made forays through the house or garden so he could show them to beth , but mostly they 'd stayed in the bedroom .
lily martin was the name of the woman killed in coven garden , beth remembered , the night ian had left for paris .
he walked across the black and white marble tiles below , his feet finding only the white ones , and out the back door to the garden .
on his way through the garden , a young undergardener rose from pruning a rosebush , staring at ian with his mouth open .
he 'd expected curry to tell him she was walking in the garden , exploring the house , or continuing riding lessons with cameron .
why did you hide her at covent garden ? ''
he remembered early morning baths in cold water , taking supervised walks in the garden , where a man with a long walking stick followed him about .
no wonder lily agreed to go to that house in covent garden and not come out . ''
she loved the way the stairs squeaked , and the flagstone passage to the kitchens echoed , and how the rear doors opened to a cluttered garden filled with birds , flowers , and lan 's dogs , ruby and fergus , who 'd come to live with them .
chapter 4 the smitten groom of mount street has purchased his lady a country cottage in buckinghamshire where she hosts charity garden fetes now that the weather has grown warm and town swelters .
it 's too cold now for a garden party , so i do n't imagine you 'll be holding them at the house in buckinghamshire . ''
an opening and closing ball for the spring season , garden parties in july and august , the most important races of the circuit through september , shooting season and christmas at kilmorgan castle .
mac studied the artificially shaped beds of the garden .
chapter 17 both the scottish lord and his lady appeared at the opera house in covent garden this past evening , but they might have been in two different opera houses altogether .
she might be sunning herself in a garden , except that she was naked and indoors .
they attended museum exhibits in bad weather , gardens and parks in good , or went sightseeing to the tower or madame tussauds when the fit took them .
the two of them continued their walk and ended up at the garden behind the house .
he walked up southampton street , which had only a slightly lesser crush , to the wide market at covent garden .
ainsley had met her , as arranged , by the fountain in the center of the garden .
cameron 's legs were firm and muscular under the socks he 'd donned for the walk in the wet garden , the hem of his kilt on her eye level .
mud from the garden clung to one .
she 'd been so awfully cold in the garden , and standing against him had taken all the cold away .
her smile was wide , her eyes soft , and she looked far younger than the cold , remorseless woman ainsley had faced in the gardens at kilmorgan .
ainsley asked , remembering their conversation in the garden .
during the day , they visited museums and the gardens , or simply traversed the steep streets of monaco .
instead of drinking and sexing until i could n't remember which day was which , i strolled in parks and went to museums and to gardens , for god 's sake .
our food comes from their family 's gardens or charity from the villagers .
` ` what on earth were you doing in covent garden ? ''
in whatever city they happened to be in , he 'd leave a hothouse flower - usually a rose - lying in the corner of a garden where it would not be seen by the casual passerby .
in london , it would be in hyde park at a certain crossing of paths , or in the garden in the middle of grosvenor square , under a tree nearest the center of it - hart had made certain eleanor had been given a key to the gardens very early in their courtship .
in london , it would be in hyde park at a certain crossing of paths , or in the garden in the middle of grosvenor square , under a tree nearest the center of it - hart had made certain eleanor had been given a key to the gardens very early in their courtship .
he supposed his brothers had come up with the romantic idea that he 'd ride up to eleanor 's dilapidated estate , beating his way through the overgrown garden to find her , and carry her off .
she 'd thrown this at him in the garden of glenarden the day eleanor had sent him packing .
isabella had not wanted to take a chance with the changeable weather to have the ceremony in the garden , and the family chapel was too small .
the anteroom and halls beyond were empty , isabella having the sense to herd the remaining guests into the garden for an alfresco dinner .
act i , scenes : their first dance together , followed by a kiss in the garden had awakened every need in his body .
earl ramsay received hart in the house and told him , in a strangely quiet tone , that eleanor was walking in the gardens and would see him there .
eleanor always laughed at their unruly patch of land , but hart liked it - a garden that blended into the scottish countryside instead of being structured , overly clean , and shutting out true nature .
eleanor looked at him for the longest time , shadows from the overgrown garden playing across her face .
she walked on , never looking at him , until she was lost in the shadows of the overgrown garden .
no sense rushing to the middle of the gardens , no sense drawing attention to herself .
when she reached the center of the garden , she kept walking , off the path and onto the green .
but that someone would need a way into the gardens .
she stood up , brushed off her skirt , and started asking those in and around the gardens - discreetly - whether they 'd seen anyone odd coming into or out of the gardens in the middle of grosvenor square .
the house of whitewashed stone with slate roof looked in good repair , and a neat garden with rows of cabbages , carrots , greens , and other vegetables ran alongside it .
a patch of pansies bloomed defiantly among the rest of the practical garden .
elliot found himself emerging from the wood to a whitewashed cottage with a slate roof , a vegetable garden filling the side yard .
a young red - haired woman tended the garden , crouching to pull weeds with her gloved hands .
she 's tethered in the kitchen garden , and i carried that food well away from her .
juliana stepped out to the kitchen garden with her basket , determined to fill it with the runner beans she 'd spied yesterday .
` ` vegetables still grow in this garden .
juliana relaxed as soon as she found priti in the kitchen garden - priti was talking to the goat tethered out of reach of the runner beans , and feeding it oatcakes .
the tranquil moment was disturbed when a man came out of the bracken at the foot of the garden .
juliana followed him , staying well behind him , as he walked steadily down the path to the foot of the garden .
` ` in the garden . ''
for the next hour , the two of them held up objects and , like the best hawkers in covent garden , cajoled people to come and buy them .
when she 'd caught him looking at priti in the kitchen garden that day , he must have seen elliot in her , and realized .
she pointed with the knife to the garden door and said something in punjabi .
their heads , bigger than chief 's massive skull , bore mandibles the size of garden shears .
it did n't have parthenon 's outdoor garden , but we made do with a secluded booth near the window in the back .
a few dozen yards to the side a smithy rose and behind it a garden stretched up the slope , enclosed by a chain - link fence .
violet let out a cry but stifled it as they landed in a rose garden , the roses pruned back for january .
in the cities , spring happened only in gardens .
if those gardens were open to the public , violet saw the spring .
the balloons , dozens of them , soared up into the air and headed for the garden .
chapter 22 another collective cheer , and the children swarmed down from the terrace , racing into the garden , screaming and laughing .
after breakfast , once the adults of the family had rested from the mad chase of children in the garden , sinclair went to meet fellows and ian in ian 's wing of the house .
` ` garden designers in the eighteenth century enjoyed such things , '' sinclair said next to her .
` ` it 's a nice garden . ''
they pulled jim away from me and took him to the garden .
by the time i fought my way through my relatives to the garden , jim was human again and very naked .
through it , i could see the garden and jim by the tree .
we went out into the garden , my mother leading the way , and me following , carrying my calligraphy kit and old keris in my hand .
the entire garden lay bathed in a golden glow , tiny sparks of magic gleaming on plant leaves like precious jewels .
a japanese woman stood on the edge of the garden .
charles had set out after dad , who 'd wandered off to the backyard garden when nobody was looking .
the door leads to a small garden with a stone statue of a saint , currently occupied by three pigeons .
hadley wheels her suitcase along the side of the building until she comes across another door , and when she shoves it open with her shoulder the sound of the music fills the garden .
the rest of the wedding party is already gathered in the garden around the side of the church , the same place where hadley found her way inside earlier .
the stories had become a part of her by then ; they stuck to her bones like a good meal , bloomed inside of her like a garden .
on the other side is a garden with fruit trees and a haphazard assortment of flowers , a few stone benches , and a fountain that 's cracked and dry .
for a long time they just stay there like that , as still as the statues in the garden .
oliver stands above her , rolling up first one sleeve and then the other , his eyes focused somewhere beyond the garden .
but here in this garden , there 's no shaking of fists at the sky ; nobody has fallen to their knees , and nobody is cursing the heavens .
a small bird lands on the fountain in the middle of the garden , and they watch as it pecks at the stone in vain .
there 's a lump in her throat as big as a fist when she thinks of the way oliver left her there in the garden , the way those eyes of his - which had studied her so intently on the plane - had been focused on the ground instead .
hadley slumps against the side of a red telephone booth , cringing at how silly she must have seemed , seeking him out in the garden like that .
she does n't want to see photos of them at the top of the eiffel tower , or making funny faces on a train , or feeding the ducks at the pond in kensington gardens .
` ` you have a beautiful garden , '' she says , pointing at the tiny pixelated lavender bushes on the screen .
sometimes she left them before running out to do errands , or going to dinner with dad , but other times she would n't be far , just out in the backyard , weeding the garden .
once she reached princes street , lucy waited for the bus beneath the gaze of the castle , a fortress of stone perched on a cliff above the gardens that separated the old section of the city from the new one .
it was so unlike new york , all cramped together on a thin spit of island , everything crowded close like an overgrown garden .
it was a little house on the edge of the city , but it looked more like a garden shed or a small barn , with weathered red wood and sagging windows .
there was a small patch of lawn and a few scattered trees , a back garden and a narrow front porch , all of it huddled around the tiny box of a house .
over the past months , their neighbor - an elderly man who used to bring them fresh - cut flowers from his garden every spring - had been forwarding batches of mail each time they settled somewhere long enough to let him know .
` ` not for the whole time , '' she said one afternoon as they strolled through kensington gardens , enjoying the rare sunshine and the even rarer appearance of dad in daylight hours .
only the indoor garden kept it from looking like bill gates 's gothic getaway .
my stomach growled , reminding me i had n't eaten in over a day , but instead of going to the second floor , i went to the small stairway behind the interior garden .
i swiped the blood off my upper lip and stormed out of my room , practically running down the stairs to the interior garden and the staircase behind it .
almost there , i thought in relief as we passed the indoor garden and headed toward the grand staircase .
vlad 's staff would be happy to add to the garden outside my room , but i was careful not to have all the spell 's ingredients in one place .
below it , an indoor garden with plants and flowers arranged around chairs , couches , and a marble fountain .
it had a glass shower big enough for two and a sunken garden tub i could almost swim in , plus various other amenities .
` ` like the indoor garden ? ''
i resisted the urge to compliment him on how pretty the indoor garden was .
chapter 35 i 'd been waiting in the indoor garden , and i jumped up as soon as i heard the front door slam accompanied by the mutter of voices .
all she needed to make this scenario more unbelievable would be for leprechauns to come somersaulting out of the nearby garden .
he 'd told kira she could have free rein of the house , pool , and the surrounding garden - as long as she did n't try to make any unsupervised calls , e - mails , texts , or attempt to run away again .
then she quickly left the kitchen to go into the garden , feeling as if the walls were closing in on her .
mencheres strolled past the pool toward the garden , drawn toward kira 's heartbeat as if it were a beacon .
she was on the far edge of the garden , sitting in the lower branches of a tree , of all things .
he sat on a concrete bench at the opposite side of the small garden , wondering what caused kira 's sudden shift in mood .
then nothing in the conversation he 'd overheard between her and the others in the kitchen should have alarmed her , but kira had gone straight into the garden afterward and stayed there the past three hours .
gorgon came into the garden .
` ` you are so arrogant that you just now noticed a woman in the garden with us ? ''
she slowly made her way through the garden toward them , glancing around as if seeking out possible exits .
her short time in the garden with him had been like standing near a rabid pit bull - any sudden moves , her gut warned her , would result in a vicious attack .
even staring at him from her perch in the tree before his vicious display in the garden , something about radje had put her off .
so was the garden .
he went out into the garden , stopping by the small reflecting pool , waiting until bones was next to him before he spoke again .
` ` mirabella and alvin , '' frances said , ` ` please turn on the garden hose and water your mother 's beautiful flowers . ''
they looked exactly alike , just a flat black roof , a huge rectangle with smaller squares hanging off here and there for the gym or the garden department , and silver cubes of industrial air conditioners on top .
i took a wet rag outside , wiped everything down , threw the margarine tub away , and even considered cutting back some of the underbrush around the trailer with the only garden tool i had , some craft scissors , before i got depressed and decided i would n't live here long enough for yard maintenance to be worth my effort .
next came a dozen tomatoes from the timberlanes ' garden .
` ` the timberlanes have a garden , '' erin explained to sarah .
i guess some retired couples have their rvs , or their gardens , or their grandchildren , and my parents had bridge .
recently on a turn about the garden at her grandmothers estate , she had shared with him her opinion of the captain and her grandmothers plans .
her mom had sighed when she came in from tending the desert garden around their mansion to get ready for the outing .
palm trees lined lush gardens , and a few joggers dotted the sidewalks .
our porch looked over our garden , which my mom had hired a landscaper to design with native grasses and flowering vines that could survive the hot summers .
eventually a shrink took me into a courtyard garden .
working in paddy 's garden ?
she wandered through the castle , then went outside and walked through the gardens .
she found a rose garden and followed the white stone path that wandered up one row and down the other .
enchanted with the beauty of the grounds , she continued her exploration , a cry of delight erupting from her throat when she happened upon a topiary garden .
earlier in the day , he had watched kristine walking through the gardens , more beautiful than any of the flowers .
their two sons , neither of whom i ' ve met , care for the gardens and help their father with the horses .
because she liked flowers , the rooms were filled with them - fragrant roses from the gardens , wildflowers and lacy ferns from the woods .
` ` i was just going for a walk in the gardens , '' kristine said .
` ` you were going to walk in the gardens with me . ''
scooping her into his arms , he ran toward the far end of the garden , then set her down .
the moon hung low in the sky , silvering the trees , shining on the pond in the middle of the garden .
it was said that she had warned a local man to keep his pig from rooting around in her garden , and two days later the man had died .
` ` did you complain about one of your neighbor 's pigs rooting in your garden ? ''
toward midday , she went out to weed and water her gardens .
she had painted three of the walls and the ceiling a restful shade of sky blue ; on the fourth wall she had drawn a mural that depicted a large window looking out on a sunlit garden .
it seemed a lifetime ago that i had stepped through the old garden gate .
my head felt cold , and then suddenly every significant moment since stepping through the gate played in my mind like a movie : the first moment in the garden , meeting calvin , our first kiss , bellgard , my introduction to the guard , our ceremony , the heart wrenching agony of leaving , getting mom back , liam becoming a guardian , my kiss with liam , and more calvin .
i had grown up in that garden , following mom around everywhere .
before going back to bed , i looked out my bedroom window and could have sworn i saw a faint light at the back of the garden .
i thought i saw a faint light in the back of the garden , but before i could figure out where it was coming from , it disappeared .
it was poe 's to helen ( 1848 ) , and it was full of garden imagery , including a great stanza about someone stopping in front of a garden gate .
it was poe 's to helen ( 1848 ) , and it was full of garden imagery , including a great stanza about someone stopping in front of a garden gate .
` ` so you like gardens , huh ? ''
she spent practically all her free time out in our garden . ''
was it not fate , whose name is also sorrow , that bade me pause before that garden - gate , to breathe the incense of those slumbering roses ?
i shrugged and walked over to the computers with the catalog access and looked up books on charleston gardens .
i remembered my grandfather telling me our garden was pictured in several books .
monty asked , as he joined me on the bench next to the fountain in the garden .
i had always loved the garden and , even in november , it still seemed to be partially in bloom .
even though the house had always belonged to my dad 's family , the garden had always been my mom 's place .
i knew that logically i should no longer be in a garden and should be at the far wall , but judging by the foliage all around me , i was still in a garden .
i knew that logically i should no longer be in a garden and should be at the far wall , but judging by the foliage all around me , i was still in a garden .
however , this was not the manicured garden of my yard ; it was wild , full of flowers with colors several shades brighter than anything i had ever seen .
i could have stayed in that one spot forever , but i continued through the garden and out into an open field .
` ` i actually live right through that garden , on the other side of the gate . ''
calvin walked me back through the garden , and we stopped at the gate .
i walked through the garden quickly and inserted my key into the gate .
calvin took my hand and led me through the garden , across the open field , and back into the forest we had been in last time .
i followed james through the garden , where i saw a horse waiting with a black canvas bag on the ground next to it .
we passed the fountain at the back of the garden and saw the gray cat waiting .
monty continued to the old gate at the back of the garden , but what was weird was that the gate was ajar .
we were in some sort of exotic garden that looked straight out of a sci - fi movie .
monty continued walking through the garden .
` ` they told me to wait in the garden while they checked out the perimeter , so i sat on the bench by the fountain .
a girl sat down on the garden bench next to me .
she grabbed my arm , and we walked back through the gardens toward the main hotel .
the bed looked comfortable , and we had a view of a courtyard garden .
` ` at the garden center .
` ` you 're like a rose blooming in an untended garden , my dear . ''
hoyt fortenberry , my brother 's best friend , was thinking about his mom 's plan for hoyt to put in about ten new rosebushes in her already extensive garden .
whether she was very familiar with new orleans or just had good shopping karma , claudine drove directly to a store in the garden district .
i also felt as if i were going to the queen of england 's garden party in all my new finery .
she was pointing at a garden gnome .
the queen had bought an old monastery at the edge of the garden district for entertaining large numbers of people , both vamp and non - vamp .
` ` on my way back to my house , trying to move so silently through the garden , i met eric .
i went down the wide stairs and out the patio doors into the garden , relieved to be resuming my more accustomed place behind a bar .
and do n't handle it like it was a garden tool he left outside , either . ''
` ` do you have - yes , a garden hose !
in those days lifespan books had offices in a three - story garden atrium building in alexandria , virginia .
you 'd dip in here and there -- do a little aerating , maybe visit a garden center -- and congratulate yourself on making such a good start .
and besides , you 'll be able to get back out to the garden after the little league season ends .
shade gardens .
rock and water gardens .
winter gardens .
` ` yes , ` ` he says , ` ` it was very sudden , in the garden .
it was chaos , sheer chaos , and although one of the nymphs shoved a rake in my hand before she charged off , wielding a chunk of garden hose like it was nunchuks , i stayed in the back and tried to keep out of the way of maddened nymphs .
anyen and i kept going through , right past the venediger , the two others staring at us in surprise , and on through the window that opened onto a small garden .
they were slower getting through the window , and by the time they got to the garden , we were racing down the back alley to freedom .
no matter where you step from , the sanctum always starts you in the same place : a quiet garden full of golden light and the cloaked and hooded forms of the inners gliding around .
so all that afternoon i sat in the window , looked out on yet another garden , and turned the obsidian knife in my hands .
i slipped the obsidian knife up my sleeve , pushed my feet out the window , and landed on garden loam .
` ` you 're in charge of the garden hose and duct tape . ''
and before you know it , your garden looks like a jungle in vietnam .
i ' m not impressed because ... how can i put this without making you want to snip my balls off with a pair of garden shears ?
i want to walk in solitude through one of the gardens at the keep .
ten saetan walked through one of the enclosed gardens at the keep .
no vegetable garden had been planted last summer .
marian had cleaned up the herb garden , flower gardens , and rock garden , letting the plants reseed themselves .
marian had cleaned up the herb garden , flower gardens , and rock garden , letting the plants reseed themselves .
marian had cleaned up the herb garden , flower gardens , and rock garden , letting the plants reseed themselves .
plenty of land with it for gardens .
he led her to the gate that opened on her garden , which had access to the side door closest to the laundry room .
if a son had noticed her absence and come looking for her , she had been out in the garden longer than she 'd intended .
leaping to his feet , he grabbed her torn clothes and used craft to fling her far out into the garden .
using craft , she floated through the gardens , keeping low to the ground , moving away from garbled sounds that might have been people shouting or dogs barking .
` ` track the dead flesh , but do n't go farther than these gardens , '' daemon said .
stepping up on air to stand level with the tops of the plants , daemon created a brighter ball of witchlight and followed the spray until he found a spot in the garden that looked crushed by a body - and he found pools of blood .
* the dead flesh is gone , but its smells are strong in some parts of the garden .
sylvia had landed close to one of the garden paths .
the sunken garden , that place of peace and power that his father had made for private meditations , was protected by the imposing structure saetan had built as the sadiablo family seat .
raised flower beds bordered all four sides except where the stone steps led down into the garden .
vanishing the brandy bottles , daemon left the sunken garden and returned to his suite .
lucivar turned his head toward the window that looked out over marian 's garden .
so the empty vessel will go to the fire , and the ashes will be mixed with the soil in one of the courtyard gardens here at the keep . ''
` ` in the same garden as jaenelle 's ashes ? ''
sylvia chose a garden at the hall in hell , but ... '' ` ` your place is here , with the daughter of your soul . ''
eleven surreal walked down the steps to the sunken garden that held two statues .
she 'd built her own little garden for quiet reflection , and came to this one only once a year on this particular day .
` ` if you want to do something for your mother , you can help her weed the garden this evening .
one of them had been planted here at grayhaven for lia and had remained in the gardens long after it died as a mocking symbol of the gray - jeweled queens who had once ruled .
as he dug in , gray turned to cassidy and asked , ` ` will you be coming out to the garden to work ? ''
` ` now if you 'll excuse me , i want to take a look at the vegetable garden . ''
when she reached the vegetable garden , she stopped .
power flowed , spreading through the vegetable garden like sweet rain .
she did n't remember seeing herbs in the vegetable garden .
` ` they could n't figure out how to declare war on a vegetable garden , so they 're waiting for some indication that you 're going to recover .
ranon cautiously approached the vegetable garden .
all the plants in the garden were growing vigorously now - had started growing within hours of cassidy 's collapse .
` ` we 'll actually get a decent crop from this garden . ''
he also knew the queens had looked upon this garden in shock initially , thenalmost understood how this had happened .
the young queen had been out to look at this garden as much as he and gray , and janos had assigned himself as reyhana 's escort whenever she left the boardinghouse .
reyhana asked , pointing to the garden .
all she wanted was an hour to work in the garden while she answered some of reyhana 's questions .
` ` at least that will get both of you out of my hair , '' cassidy muttered as she stomped back to the garden .
saetan paused , then added , ` ` which , i ' m told , are an excellent mulch in a garden . ''
` ` garden ?
i ' m making mulchfor a garden ? ''
finally he growled , ` ` i guess cassie is going to have plenty of mulch for her gardens . ''
` ` i know several queens who always have plenty of mulch for their gardens , '' saetan said .
gray was the man who loved cassie and gardens .
` ` sadiablo hall has acres of gardens and interior courtyards , and they all had this woody mulch i thought was wonderful .
i remember asking tarl , the head gardener , where i could find some for my mother 's garden , and he asked if i had a brother .
she did her best to ignore the other queen by spending time in the garden with gray and working with powell to send out messages to the surviving queens in dena nehele .
` ` gray will have a fit if they start digging in the gardens he 's been restoring back there .
he knows about not digging in a queen 's garden .
he 'd spent a lot of time thinking while he 'd worked in the gardens here .
they sipped their coffee and watched khollie and vae flush a rabbit out of the kitchen garden and herd it right into darcy 's jaws .
the backyard had plenty of land for a kitchen garden , a healer 's garden , and the private garden a black widow would find useful , and still had enough space for children or dogs to romp .
the backyard had plenty of land for a kitchen garden , a healer 's garden , and the private garden a black widow would find useful , and still had enough space for children or dogs to romp .
the backyard had plenty of land for a kitchen garden , a healer 's garden , and the private garden a black widow would find useful , and still had enough space for children or dogs to romp .
* * as my father is fond of saying , i was born a daughter on the same day as i was born a queen , and if i can get dirty weeding a garden , i can get dirty washing a floor .
` ` at this moment , beale and holt are in my private garden , arranging a lounge chair in the shady spot , mrs . beale is making a pitcher of that fruit punch i enjoy drinking in warm weather , ladvarian and kaelas are going to keep me company , and ... '' she called in a book and held it up between them .
the leather was lusciously soft and meant to accept the sweet curve of a woman 's hips , and the pewter buckle was in the shape of an arbor and bench , a highly suggestive piece implying the pleasure that could be sampled in a garden - if a woman wore it in the right place .
the women who sold them plants when gray was working on the gardens at the mansion asked him if the rose queen was coming back to grayhaven .
there 's enough land attached to the place for them to graze their livestock as well as grow some crops beyond kitchen gardens .
also has enough land for a big kitchen garden , herb garden , and flower gardens , plus some ground gray says will suit the honey pears . ''
also has enough land for a big kitchen garden , herb garden , and flower gardens , plus some ground gray says will suit the honey pears . ''
also has enough land for a big kitchen garden , herb garden , and flower gardens , plus some ground gray says will suit the honey pears . ''
he did n't think any of them knew any more about gardens than he did , but they looked around politely as he pointed out the healing house and the cottage gray wanted to convert into a loaning library .
she 'd wasted the whole summer , when she should have been enjoying picnics and parties instead of being criticized for not working in the damn garden .
gray found cassidy in the garden , leaning against one of the big trees .
` ` there is a man digging in the garden .
digging in the garden .
theran hurried out to the garden .
` ` i ' m glad to have you back - and not just for the gardens . ''
if your bitch wants a spring garden , she can plant one herself . ''
` ` when he was n't working in the queen 's gardens , he was overseeing the restoration of the small public gardens and parks in the village .
` ` when he was n't working in the queen 's gardens , he was overseeing the restoration of the small public gardens and parks in the village .
the garden gave her comfort - even when it slept under snow .
since the question had been offered to the air and the patch of garden in front of her , she did n't expect an answer .
but this was her mother 's garden , and whether the rock was an unwanted obstacle or a desired , important part of the whole depended on how one looked at it .
swallowing the hurt that wanted to spill out every moment she did n't keep her feelings chained , she reviewed the containers of seeds she had collected last year from the queen 's garden in bhak .
that garden was n't hers anymore , so her mother would benefit by having a few new plants this year .
and i used a little craft to turn over the bits of the garden that were obstinate . ''
lady kermilla had the first circle who had served her , the blood and landen villages she had ruled , the house she had lived in , and the gardens she had tended .
theran opened the glass doors that led out to a tiered garden , then closed them again until there was only a finger - width opening .
` ` mother , these are your seeds for the garden . ''
` ` i tend the gardens .
` ` i 'll show you what does n't belong in this garden . ''
theran scanned the weed - tangled mess of raised beds that framed a terrace before he headed for the rest of the formal gardens .
she knew the land needed to be loved , and he 'd thought she 'd enjoyed working in the garden .
all these meetings and reports ... every time i ' ve tried to take an hour in the garden , theran has herded me to another meeting .
` ` last night i decided i can only work so long and so hard without taking some time for myself , and i can spend some time in the garden each morning before getting cleaned up for the business part of the day . ''
i know there 's so much work to be done , but i need some time in the garden .
theran stared at the gardens , at the plot of ground that was noticeably cleaner , and at his cousin who was still out there , sweating too hard over some damn patch of dirt .
lashed by words spoken by her previous consort on the day he left her court and by theran last night , cassidy headed for the gardens as soon as there was enough light .
she ran from the shed and stopped at a part of the garden that looked like it had n't been touched in years .
but she was out there digging in that damn garden so everyone would know little cassidy was feeling pouty .
` ` i do know she was hurting before she went out into the garden , and she was trying to sweat out some of the hurt and temper .
` ` so , '' gray said , giving her a light nudge as he pointed to the boulder she 'd been digging around when lucivar hauled her out of the garden .
talon walked toward the back of the garden as fast as his limping gait allowed .
` ` are you telling me not to work in the garden ? ''
they talked about plants while he dug and weeded , reclaiming another piece of the gardens .
` ` i want to take a look at the rest of the garden , get a feel for the whole thing . ''
` ` i 'd better take a look at the rest of the garden before someone comes looking for me . ''
he saw cassie at the far end of the garden , backing away from that weedy spot , one hand clamped over her mouth .
but i 'd like to help clean up that part of the garden . ''
they worked in the garden the rest of the morning , moving carefully between plants that now held a different meaning .
chapter 16 terreille ` ` i do n't know which one is harder to get through , '' cassidy muttered a couple of days later as she stomped to the garden to work off a little frustration .
the day they 'd all worked together to clean up the part of the garden filled with witchblood , she 'd thought she and theran had finally settled into some kind of understanding , that he might actually listen to what she was saying instead of telling her it could n't be done ` ` that way . ''
if you do that , by tomorrow you and lady cassidy can go back to digging in the garden for an hour or so - under vae 's supervision . ''
he even got his back up when i wanted to go into town with gray and look at plants for the garden . ''
` ` then get your ass out in the garden and help gray .
besides , the healer probably would like to have a little garden of her own to grow at least some of the herbs she uses for her healing brews .
` ` when i asked her this morning why she had n't picked out a spot in the garden for them , she said maybe it would be a mistake to plant them , that maybe things that are n't from dena nehele should n't be trying to put down roots here . ''
` ` she brought seeds from her mother 's garden , '' gray said , ` ` but she does n't want to plant them , does n't want them to grow in dena nehele soil . ''
marian does that in her garden when she wants a particular plant but wants to control where it grows . ''
` ` but he does n't know about gardens , '' gray protested .
` ` he has a wife who knows about gardens , '' saetan replied .
she was n't dressed for spending time in the garden this morning .
was that good or bad , since she always spent time in the garden after breakfast ?
` ` i was going to come out and work in the garden , but ranon is going back to his home village for a couple of days , and he and powell said there was something urgent i needed to do before ranon left , but they were n't clear about what that was , and said i should talk to you . ''
lovely little plants ready for a garden .
gray touched each one gently , moved that strangers would be willing to help him make this special part of the garden .
but getting into an argument now would end with her stomping out to the garden , and that would n't make gray happy .
it was her mother 's garden , and yet it was n't .
` ` show me the garden . ''
ranon joined them , looked toward the garden , and grinned , his relief at seeing cassidy evident on his face .
then he walked over to the new part of the garden , where gray and cassidy were still talking about the flowers they could see and the ones that were still just seeds in the dirt .
the garden and i will be here when you 're done with the day 's business . ''
` ` no , thanks , '' lucivar said , moving away from the eyrie to walk in the rock - strewn grass that might have been a lawn or a garden once upon a time .
a home of her own , with a garden big enough to grow food , flowers , and the herbs and other plants she could sell to healers for their special brews .
marian winced when she saw the rock - strewn , overgrown mess on one side of the eyrie , but she did n't have time to decide if it had once been a garden or had always been a wild , overgrown tangle before jaenelle opened the door without knocking and pulled her inside .
it had been a garden a long time ago .
she 'd found herbs growing wild among the weeds and suspected there had been an herb bed and a kitchen garden on this side of the eyrie .
besides , it would be so nice to have a little kitchen garden to tend .
since he did n't seem to care what she did as long asshe was pleased with the result , she did n't think he 'd mind her clearing some ground and having the pleasure of a little garden of her own .
she pushed those thoughts away by focusing on the pleasure of soaking in a hot bath , eating a big piece of casserole for dinner , reading her book , and turning in early so she could get back to her garden at first light tomorrow .
` ` a kitchen garden , '' she whispered .
` ` if you wanted a kitchen garden , you could have spent the past two days figuring out where you wanted it and what you wanted in it , '' he said , keeping his voice as level as he could manage .
he understood her wanting the garden .
but the garden ... something of her own , apart from him .
` ` sooo ... it 's a garden we 're making out of this , is it ? ''
` ` a garden , '' tarl replied before lucivar could .
` ` but what kind of garden ? ''
` ` lady marian wants a kitchen garden , a bed for herbs , and some flowers . ''
when they walked out the side door of the eyrie into the garden , jaenelle gave them a slashing look .
` ` if you want to stay in the garden from sunrise to sundown until everything is planted , that 's fine with me ... as long as you promise not to lift one piece of furniture , using craft or otherwise . ''
the one you made the garden for . ''
luthvian opened the gate and stepped into the garden , looking around as if she 'd never seen it before .
grinning , he stuffed the last of the nutcake into his mouth and went out to the garden .
* comfortably settled in a window seat , saetan watched as twilight faded the colors in the small garden beyond the room draca had given him to use as a study .
he remembered the woman who crept back to her family , leaving him to deal with the merchants and face the neighbors , leaving him with that soul - withered husk of a man who spent his days rereading beloved books and never going beyond the garden gate , leaving him to share in his father 's shame for no other reason than because he was male .
` ` papa says that if you enter a large room full of people and there 's one woman there who looks like she should be out weeding the garden , she 's probably the queen .
every spring , all the women in the family gathered for a few days to help plant the gardens at the healer 's house .
we 'll go out and sit in the garden , and we 'll talk . ''
saying nothing , jared followed yarek to a stone bench at the far end of the garden .
yarek looked at the sparse garden and sighed .
it 's like finding a weed in the garden .
` ` she's- '' they both tensed when they heard a horse approaching at an easy pace , but they could n't see the road from that part of the garden .
he looked at the garden .
looking a little guilty , lia wandered through the herb garden , touching each plant as she passed .
they saw the vegetable garden and the girl with one leg .
3 / terreille kartane sadiablo wandered through the formal gardens , trying hard to ignore the speculative or pitying glances of the few people who had n't retreated indoors .
the silk robe was too thin and could n't stop the night air from leaching the warmth he 'd gained from a long bath , but he needed to be outside for a moment , needed to listen to the water singing over stone in the natural - looking fountain at the center of the garden below .
6 / kaeleer sipping a cup of herbal tea , karla wandered around the inner garden , hoping the sound of the fountain would soothe her .
` ` the coven 's rooms all face this inner garden , so it 's quicker to use the balcony doors rather than walking all the way around inside , '' morghann said at the same time karla said , ` ` where 's surreal ? ''
` ` but i have to help tersa weed the garden , '' mikal protested .
i 'll show you my garden . ''
` ` if you want to do something that will help all of us right now , take dejaal out to one of the gardens and brush him .
stepping outside , he looked down at the sunken garden .
as he filled his lungs with it , he felt his body absorb the strength and peace contained within this garden .
she found one of the inner gardens and settled on a bench .
eventually , the warm bed , the murmur of the fountain in the garden below , and the scent of whatever soap or perfume she used lulled him into a deep sleep .
3 / kaeleer * lucivar is unhappy , * ladvarian said as he watched jaenelle stare at the waterfall and tiered pools she had built in this inner garden several years ago .
saying nothing , she turned it over , set it on the stone lip of the lowest pool , and walked to the other end of the garden .
ladvarian trotted out of the garden , accepting the dismissal .
` ` she 's in the garden with dejaal .
` ` i 'd like you to stay in your room tonight , or the inner garden your room overlooks .
slip into an empty room , slip through the garden , enter the victim 's room through the glass doors that opened onto the garden ... ` ` a couple of the guest rooms are empty , '' saetan said , ` ` but no one will be coming at you through the garden .
slip into an empty room , slip through the garden , enter the victim 's room through the glass doors that opened onto the garden ... ` ` a couple of the guest rooms are empty , '' saetan said , ` ` but no one will be coming at you through the garden .
slip into an empty room , slip through the garden , enter the victim 's room through the glass doors that opened onto the garden ... ` ` a couple of the guest rooms are empty , '' saetan said , ` ` but no one will be coming at you through the garden .
` ` kaelas will be in the garden .
3 / kaeleer with graysfang beside her , surreal wandered around one of the inner gardens .
falonar strode toward her from the other side of the garden .
5 / kaeleer lucivar walked to the far end of the low - walled garden that bordered one side of his home .
3 / kaeleer seeing the guarded look in marian 's eyes and the way luthvian managed to convey silently her disapproval of her son 's choice of a wife , surreal wondered how pissed off lucivar would be if they took his mother into the garden and used her for target practice .
surreal said with venomous sweetness as she shoved luthvian into the garden .
chapter sixteen 1 / kaeleer daemon walked down the steps that led to the garden in the hall , the garden that had two statues .
chapter sixteen 1 / kaeleer daemon walked down the steps that led to the garden in the hall , the garden that had two statues .
4 / kaeleer ` ` you 'll take the income i ' ve provided for you , '' saetan snarled as he and surreal walked through one of the hall 's gardens .
moving silently through the small shrub garden that backed the lawn , she reached the large tree with the branch that was perfect for a swing .
they walked toward the vegetable garden .
surreal did n't feel the numb horror she had the first time she 'd seen this garden .
surreal and rose finally walked back to the shrub garden .
` ` maybe one or two can feed the garden before i go . ''
it was long after midnight before he joined her in the private garden connected to her suite .
soft night sounds filled the garden .
` ` yesterday , the older students went on a trip to marasten gardens .
she was still awake , walking in the garden below her rooms .
saetan drifted toward the waterfall and small pool in the center of the garden , letting her feel his presence without intruding on her silence .
he 'd told her to landscape this inner garden for her own pleasure .
` ` will it bloom in marasten gardens ? ''
letting himself out one of the hall 's back doors , saetan wandered across the carefully trimmed lawn , down a short flight of wide stone steps , and followed the paths into the wilder gardens .
even the ones who spent most of their time residing in larger cities had a garden where their feet could touch the living earth , quietly listening to all the land had to tell them .
` ` tarl was the one who suggested you might be able to help , '' saetan said as he and andulvar made their way to one of the walled gardens .
saetan opened the wooden gate that led into the low - walled garden .
` ` could be a lover 's signal for a secret tryst in the garden . ''
` ` keep the waif from wandering around by herself , even in these gardens .
wondering if he could enlist sylvia as an ally in future emotional battles and still puzzling over the wolf print in the garden , he felt the warning signs a moment too late .
as the memories flowed from her mind to his , he could see the building , the rooms , the garden , the tree .
he tried to create a ball of witch light to spotlight the garden , but jaenelle 's psychic storm absorbed his power , and the flash of light he managed left him night - blind .
saetan snarled , grinding his teeth in frustration as prothvar landed beside him in the garden .
still , he kept seeing that print in the garden , a spelled message someone was supposed to understand .
` ` if your room 's too warm , he could always bed down on the balcony or in your garden . ''
3 / kaeleer saetan stormed through the corridors , heading for the garden room that opened onto a terrace at the back of the hall .
but she was still in the garden with the kindred and , like the kindred , was not yet able to accept what they offered .
` ` i was n't sure if we would end up in the stables or digging in the garden , so i brought some real clothes . ''
when he went to see her , one hour each week , tersa talked about her garden ; she told him what she 'd had for dinner ; she showed him a piece of needlepoint she was working on ; she talked about jaenelle .
she did n't buy the wine , and tomorrow i was going to draw a picture of my garden and show it to you , but third - day 's gone and i do n't know where i put it . ''
tarl says there are plenty of them fattening themselves up in the vegetable garden . ''
now he was here , walking beside jaenelle through massive rooms with vaulted ceilings , through open courtyards and gardens , through a labyrinth of wide corridors - and the prickle between his shoulder blades told him that something had been watching him since he entered the keep .
vegetable garden , herb garden , flower gardens '' , rock garden .
vegetable garden , herb garden , flower gardens '' , rock garden .
vegetable garden , herb garden , flower gardens '' , rock garden .
vegetable garden , herb garden , flower gardens '' , rock garden .
this was the same woman who always cornered him whenever the wolf pups chased the bunnies through her garden ?
lucivar found her in the gardens a couple of hours later '' sitting on a stone bench with her hands pressed between her knees hard enough to bruise .
lucivar stared at the blurry garden .
the green wind runs over the edge of the garden .
not that lucivar had waited for his agreement before stepping through the glass door that led to jaenelle 's private garden and launching himself skyward .
` ` why is it that your pacing is n't supposed to annoy me , but when i start pacing i get chucked into the garden ? ''
he waited until she 'd gone inside before heading for the far end of the garden .
saetan rested his arms on the top of the garden 's stone wall .
a soft , night wind sang through the pines beyond the garden .
saetan stared at the land beyond the garden .
the tugging stopped when he reached the small woods at the far end of the gardens .
soft , thick rugs ; white walls with tasteful watercolor paintings ; dark furniture ; an oversized , gauze - enveloped poster bed ; music spheres and the ornate brass stand to hold them ; sliding glass doors that led out into a walled private garden with a small fountain and petite willow trees as well as a variety of night - blooming flowers ; and a bathroom with a shower and a large walk - up sunken tub that was positioned in front of the glass window overlooking the garden .
soft , thick rugs ; white walls with tasteful watercolor paintings ; dark furniture ; an oversized , gauze - enveloped poster bed ; music spheres and the ornate brass stand to hold them ; sliding glass doors that led out into a walled private garden with a small fountain and petite willow trees as well as a variety of night - blooming flowers ; and a bathroom with a shower and a large walk - up sunken tub that was positioned in front of the glass window overlooking the garden .
remembering why he 'd wanted to talk to daemon , lucivar followed reluctantly until they reached a gazebo tucked in one corner of the garden where they could n't be seen from the mansion .
the summer crop in the vegetable garden was almost done , but the healthy vines at one end promised a good crop of pumpkins and winter squash .
no matter what paths they took through the gardens , they always ended up at a narrow path that led into a heavily overgrown alcove .
the small garden within the garden was completely surrounded by large yews that looked as if they had n't been trimmed on this side in several years .
the small garden within the garden was completely surrounded by large yews that looked as if they had n't been trimmed on this side in several years .
even with the fresh air and the other garden smells , the dark psychic scent was strong there .
as he puzzled over what he 'd done to upset her , she thumped a mug of coffee on the table and said , ` ` miss wilhelmina was crying when she came in from the garden . ''
` ` there was an alcove in the garden she wanted to visit . ''
` ` do you have time for a walk in the garden before you go to graff ? ''
unconcerned , he strolled along the garden paths , sipping his coffee .
3 - terreille surreal unbuttoned her coat as she meandered down a path in the angelline public gardens , a part of the estate that alexandra angelline had opened for the city 's use .
surreal walked along the garden paths , amused by the reactions to her presence .
surreal continued her meandering , moving closer and closer to the wrought - iron fence that separated the private gardens from the public ones .
she 'd been probing with the gray since she entered the gardens , hoping she would n't get a flickering answer because that would mean philip was nearby - and it was n't philip she was looking for .
chapter ten 1 - terreille why does she ask so damn many uncomfortable questions ? daemon thought , clenching his teeth and staring straight ahead as they walked through the garden .
the garden was buried under several inches of dry snow that puffed around his legs like flour .
together they air - walked to the main garden path .
daemon opened his eyes and saw a small white figure moving slowly along the garden path .
after a hectic afternoon of social calls with alexandra , daemon was prowling the corridors , too restless to lie down and get some badly needed rest , when he saw the girls come in from a walk in the garden .
she 'll have people there who will look after her , and a garden to work in , and black widow sisters to talk to . ''
she stared at the unlit garden , seeing nothing , waiting .
surreal flicked the cigarette into the garden .
while he waited for kartane to stop looking at the garden and face him , he absently brushed the branches of a small potted bush .
he pitched the cigarette , watching it sail past kartane 's cheek before falling into the garden .
is that why you walk with her in the farthest parts of the garden ?
to the right of the lawn were the remains of a very large vegetable garden , but that , too , offered no cover .
twisting around , she probed the shrub garden behind her .
her hand touched surreal 's arm , drawing her toward the garden .
as she saw the shadows in the garden beginning to take shape , she tried to stop , tried to turn and run , but her legs would n't obey her .
surreal followed jaenelle to the garden , grateful that rose had disappeared .
jaenelle gestured toward the whole garden filled with misty shapes .
they walked to the end of the garden .
jaenelle nodded to the girl at the end of the garden .
it had great bones and a beautiful old garden that needed a lot of work .
this restaurant was actually situated in a series of japanese gardens and was a rather famous place to dine in l.a .
pine , sage , and a night - blooming jasmine seeped in from the back garden .
` ` i thought we 'd use the field behind the barn , the one where grandpa used to have his vegetable garden .
kitchen garden .
` ` mom , i ' m not going to a garden party . ''
staying away from the barn , in case hank was right and i was in fact spooking the animals , i poked around in the old kitchen garden .
and the most gorgeous and well - tended vegetable garden i ' ve ever seen .
i saw windows where they were n't , walls where they could be moved to exploit the natural landscape , and pocket gardens that could be renovated to bring a sense of green to a modern shell .
we 'd started off walking down the main drag , stopped to get coffee , and then turned down a hidden pathway through an old garden gate back up into the hills .
the vegetable and herb gardens created for use not only in the on - site restaurant but for the community .
the rooftop garden that helped to reduce the heating and cooling costs and turned it into a gorgeous space at nighttime , where we 'd planned to host movies under the stars evening all yearlong .
their hillside front yard was blanketed with terraced gardens and benches and various garden scenes , all artfully arranged on flagstone paths lit with tiki torches that led down the hill to the house .
their hillside front yard was blanketed with terraced gardens and benches and various garden scenes , all artfully arranged on flagstone paths lit with tiki torches that led down the hill to the house .
i groaned at my public humiliation and spun around to stomp off into the gardens when i saw simon in the shadows .
' never let a stranger tend to your garden , samantha ' she 'd say to me .
hooking his fingers underneath the waistband of the boxers i ' m wearing , he slowly drags them down my thighs before throwing them over his shoulder and slowly gliding his hands back up until i ' m a writhing mess , panting embarrassingly as he spreads my thighs wide then moves his thumbs to open me as he takes in my bare lady garden .
instead , the alley gave way to a square of lush , green lawn filled with pillars - narrow pyramids of gray concrete that punctured the grass like a garden of thorns .
` ` it 's a memorial garden , '' she said .
i , on the other hand , had a little more trouble , and had to drag my gaze away from this boy in the garden .
` ` a casual stroll that takes you to the garden next door to st . sophia 's ?
i nodded as scout pulled me out of the garden , but i risked a glance back at michael and jason .
as they drew closer , i realized that behind them was the blonde we 'd seen outside the pillar garden on monday - the girl with the hoodie who had watched us from the street .
we made a left , walking down erie and away from michigan avenue and the garden of stone thorns .
and another reaper , alex , had seen all of us one day in the concrete thorn garden behind the school .
well , actually , it was the grass just beyond the alley that held the secret - a secret garden of lush grass and concrete thorns .
i guess he wanted to keep the thorn garden to himself .
we were back on land , walking toward st . sophia 's when he pulled me toward the alley and the garden of thorns .
i glanced up and watched as it hit a metal garden angel a few yards away ... and turned it to solid stone .
the thorn garden was behind those buildings .
before us was a formal hedged garden , with a huge brick barbecue to the right , and a kidney - shaped pool to the left .
in the middle of the garden was a bubbling fountain .
` ` not a bad place to spend some off - duty time , '' he said , then led me through the path that split the garden into quadrants and through the other side to the pool .
it 's not like they 're heading out for a garden party .
this had been our secret garden , our tiny kingdom of leaves .
chapter nine the secret garden 's secrets ` ` i wondered how long it would take you to make it out here , '' nicholas said , arms crossed over his chest as he looked at me .
i slipped outside to the brick patio that spanned the end of the house , then followed a path to the small formal garden .
since i had no urge to be caught in the sun , reduced to ashes because i 'd been curled up with a paperback in the garden - or spying on my master - i returned to the house , occasionally glancing up at the window , but he never changed position .
` ` before we talked in the garden at my parents ' , we got a phone call at the house .
` ` i was told that you passed along the story of our meeting in the garden .
cadogan 's backyard was like a playground for night - bound vampires - barbecue , pool , and fountain inside a neatly trimmed garden .
it was definitely celina 's kind of architecture , her office a stage for the audience of vampires in the garden below .
' and the garden bees / hum in the lime - tree flowers ; and put away / the unavailing outcries and the old bitterness / that empty the heart . '
we looked at each other over the vampires , over the music , his eyes catching the glow of the garden lights , centuries of history in his gaze .
i found her on the other side of the formal garden , chatting with malik .
in honor of her sacrifice , her body had been placed in the garden behind the house , to be given to the sun when it finally breached the sky .
the cadogan house gardens were spectacular , from the running trail to the brick barbecue pit to the formal french garden behind the house .
a fountain sat in the middle of the garden , bubbling water for the enjoyment of any vampires who might be seated on the benches around it .
for a moment , we ate our snacks silently in the garden .
we were quiet long enough that crickets began to chirp in the garden plots around us .
there , at my feet , tapping his foot impatiently , stood a brightly uniformed ... wel , he looked like a garden gnome .
the ground looked like the overstock aisle at a garden accessory store .
although i ' m sure the sight was comical - sword - bearing vampire being chased around a cornfield by a twenty - foot - tal garden gnome - i hoped i might be able to wear him out before he could do any real damage .
blood splashed the ground , and keith yelped in pain , a horrible sound that probably woke the few remaining farmers who had n't already been awakened by the giant garden gnome tromping around their neighbor 's land .
it was simply furnished and smeled of a garden 's worth of flowers .
community gardens were blessed by neighborhood pastors ; parks with strong magnetic currents were blessed by those who believed in the power of that kind of thing .
there were 142 footnotes in the third chapter alone , including lessons learned ( ` ` garden rakes are less effective against wereracoons than you 'd think '' ) , anecdotes ( ` ` i remember when ' message ' meant something carried on the back of a horse '' ) , and tricks of the trade ( ` ` honey is a good balm for a cobra lily scratch '' ) .
i walked down the path to the garden in which ethan and i had shared moments , and where the fountain had finally been turned off for the winter .
i dropped my gaze to the garden around me .
surrounded by inground lights , its convex surface warped the image of the garden .
she said there were winter vegetables outside in the garden and she was going to pick some things .
but like putting a thumb over the end of a garden hose , condensing the anger only seemed to make it worse .
the middle of the warehouse was a garden atrium , shielded by an enormous glass roof and covered by a shutter that closed automatically at sunrise .
` ` the south garden at the art institute . ''
the sculpture garden was on the north side of the building , and half the park was boxed by lumber and clear plastic .
the light bouncing off the plastic gave the garden an ethereal glow .
inside the bathroom , he bent down and closed the drain to the large garden tub and then turned on the faucets .
moss grew over some of the surfaces here , softening the rock and giving everything the feel of a secret garden .
the area where they 'd landed sported a waterfall , a small lake lit by torchlight , and dozens of potted trees and shrubs , creating a sort of outdoor garden .
he passed by a seafood buffet and wended his way to a less populated room that opened on to a side garden .
he ordered her to load a plate , then directed her into the garden .
she valued that he was trying to protect her from what he knew to be the worst of his kind , and part of her wanted to stay in that safe garden .
engles guided them down the stairs where the main party had gathered last time , then through a bank of glass doors that led to a small garden and a shallow but very long rectangular pool that appeared to be about eight inches deep .
in the same way that some second ascenders could create and sustain microclimates in their gardens through the use of personal power , so beatrice could keep her home floating in the air .
the white marble palace literally floated in a fixed position above the earth , as did the attached land for the gardens and her rehabilitation pools .
beyond the rows of cottage - like homes , each with attached vegetable gardens , was a massive setup like a medieval fair with canvas booths .
and a hanging garden off the second - story balconies . ''
located on the west side of the white tank mountains , the lake was lined with over a hundred hotels and public gardens .
gideon kept sending repeat details to scour each house , each garden , each nearby ravine , and especially the underground cisterns , hunting for the enemy .
` ` but there 's a resort colony over there , '' leto said , frowning , ` ` with over a hundred world - class hotels and public gardens . ''
if greaves intends to attack at white lake , with all those gardens and hotels lined up on both banks , we 'll need a plan in place with orders ready to deliver to all the militia warrior section leaders . ''
to casimir , he sent , i ' m taking grace to diallo 's house , deep into the courtyard garden .
` ` we 're going to fold to diallo 's house , to the garden .
* * * a number of sensations struck grace all at once : casimir 's odd presence beside her , the humidity of the garden , the terrible number of death vampires milling about and ready to fight .
right now , when he pivoted on his heels to scan every inch of the garden , she could feel his battle sandals grinding against the hard pavers .
she could n't stay in the garden .
` ` i found grace alone and unprotected in diallo 's seattle courtyard garden .
the temperature in the garden was very comfortable , and because of the thick shrubs , flowers , and trees , a wonderful humidity eased the dryness of the mountain environment .
then his chest tightened with one simple thought : grace might be alone in the garden .
she had agreed to wait , to stay in the garden .
` ` she 's in the garden .
though he had mist around himself and grace , the garden was small and the most any of the warriors had to do was to just push through .
she took the secret into her soul and flew from diallo , nodding to him in her apparition - form as she swiftly returned to the courtyard garden .
how different this was from the mass - folding experience , as though this time a whirlwind flew around the garden at tremendous speed .
when at last the stream of power brought him full circle back to diallo 's garden , he explained what had happened and what the experience had been like .
casimir also glanced around the garden as though sensing someone was there .
her voice echoed around the garden as she ran toward casimir .
` ` you 'll want to have colonel seriffe shut down all the hotels and gardens for the morning .
he glanced at both sides of the lake and noted how the hotels and gardens were completely empty of people .
there were dozens of farms and what looked like small homes and cabins , each with an attached vegetable garden , clustered along one portion of a long winding lane near the forest .
vegetable gardens grew at either the side or the back of every house , lush gardens that should n't have been growing like this in late march , so high in the mountains .
vegetable gardens grew at either the side or the back of every house , lush gardens that should n't have been growing like this in late march , so high in the mountains .
if she had tried to watch the battle , her view across the street was blocked by a thriving garden .
there were vegetable and flower gardens everywhere , and she could hear kids out there playing , yelling , crying , all of which supported her theory .
and of course i miss the gardens .
we do n't have public gardens like second does . ''
diallo called from the hallway , ` ` if you 'll come with me , we 'll be dining in the garden . ''
diallo responded to thorne 's questions , which he 'd been firing off in rapid succession from the moment they 'd entered the garden .
the garden was beautiful .
the table had been set up in a very large open space in the center of the garden , an area covered in pavers .
there were vegetable gardens and fruit orchards everywhere , each with that shimmering shield overhead , just like diallo 's courtyard garden .
there were vegetable gardens and fruit orchards everywhere , each with that shimmering shield overhead , just like diallo 's courtyard garden .
she dropped one of his hands and pulled him deeper into the garden near the waterfall .
last night had been amazing with thorne , in the garden , sex in flight , connected through it all and experiencing such amazing orgasms .
` ` i saw the devotiate , grace , walking alone in the villa garden , in one of the garden rooms , the one with all the white blossoms .
` ` i saw the devotiate , grace , walking alone in the villa garden , in one of the garden rooms , the one with all the white blossoms .
the estate had a formal garden , a large pool , a guest house , an olive grove and press , as well as a vineyard and winery .
he owned several massive public gardens that apparently brought in sufficient revenue to support several estates this size .
` ` she went to the formal garden to meditate , i think .
he folded to the garden entrance near the pool .
he recalled having made love with her in diallo 's garden .
she slid her legs up high , up around his waist as she had done before , in diallo 's courtyard garden .
after some searching , he found endelle at one of her favorite gardens in the white lake resort colony .
* * * endelle leaned on the wrought - iron railing overlooking the replica of the mortal earth butchart gardens .
this was one of a hundred enormous gardens that flanked either side of white lake .
on either side of the lake , famous hotels and public gardens made this location one of the most visited places on second earth .
butchart gardens two was one of her favorite places .
she saw movement in the garden .
they 'd just launched into some low - level flying , starting a chase , when a voice came over the loudspeaker , ` ` no mounting of wings in the garden .
beyond lay a garden that vied for beauty with any of the gardens at the white tank resort colony itself .
beyond lay a garden that vied for beauty with any of the gardens at the white tank resort colony itself .
stannett , however , had altered a section of the land to create a dome of microclimate beneath which a garden more suited to the mediterranean had emerged : flowers cascaded over stone walls ; stone paths led among sculpted beds full of lavender , succulents , and roses .
instead , his fourth ascender instincts clanged in awkward counterpoint to the beauty of the garden .
owen shifted his gaze in the direction of the garden .
the question was first asked when adam and eve left the garden of eden .
she stood in a garden she knew very , very well , a place where she had lived for decades .
she had overpowered him by shattering a vase over his head , then ran into the garden , the place where she had first met parisa , the woman who had engineered her eventual rescue .
rain now pelted the garden .
she took parisa out into the wet garden .
it was one thing to practice in the gentle environment of the garden protected by the mist , but another to be in the open air where unpredictable wind shears could turn her upside down .
because she was alone here in her garden prison , all her practice had been done with great care .
in it , nine small satsuma tangerines were piled one atop another , tempting him with the forbidden as though he stared at the apple from the garden of eden .
* * * at eleven o'clock in the morning , parisa sat in the garden waiting for commander greaves to visit her .
rith swept to parisa 's side , hooked her beneath her arm , and dragged her on running feet from the garden .
reentering the garden , she saw greaves from behind .
had she fallen asleep in the garden again ?
i ' m not sure who you are or why you 're watching me , perhaps you 're the woman in the garden .
* * * parisa slipped past the three servants outside her room , moving on tiptoes until she was outside on the back lawn of the garden .
yet his property was vast , including an olive grove , several acres of vineyard , and a formal italian garden with many hidden alcoves .
it was the most beautiful garden .
no one else was in the garden , but she always felt as though several pairs of eyes were on her .
from the moment the woman in the burma garden , parisa , had escaped , rith had doubled , maybe tripled his surveillance of his blood slaves .
` ` you said fiona was walking in a garden .
now , what of the gardens .
the garden had rocks , herbs maybe , i ' m not sure . ''
he walked in the toulouse garden , rith beside him .
are you saying that parisa voyeured our blood donor in this garden ?
the warriors remained grouped at what proved to be the far end of a garden and the back door of a small stone farmhouse .
` ` i grow it in the herb garden . ''
` ` i have a garden back there . ''
i want to push this wall out , add french doors that will open onto the garden .
i made the mistake of planting the garden out there , where the only access is going through the foyer doors to the back terrace .
parisa walked on as many of the grassy portions of the garden as she could find .
she let havily move into the next garden room beneath an arch bearing a vine covered with lavender flowers that were a unique shape , sort of curled in on themselves .
` ` in the italian garden , in the room with the lantana and ferns and the ficus trees .
* * * half an hour later , parisa stood at the railing of madame endelle 's favorite garden at white lake , the place her supremeness had elected to take the meeting .
the garden had been modeled on the butchart gardens on vancouver island , mortal earth , which havily had suggested she visit many decades prior .
the garden had been modeled on the butchart gardens on vancouver island , mortal earth , which havily had suggested she visit many decades prior .
it was hard to imagine such a difficult woman being inspired by anything , but the sunken garden had done just that .
` ` there is no mounting of wings in the garden .
but why were you there in that garden , held prisoner in that house ?
` ` we were allowed exercise in the garden until , well , three months ago . ''
i knocked one of the medical technicians out cold and escaped to the garden and there you were .
despite the incendiary bombs that had disrupted the fireworks display , killed eleven people , and burned out a number of famous public gardens , the ensuing press had resulted in a staggering response of support for endelle 's administration .
it never failed to surprise her , since all she 'd known for most of her hundred - plus years on second earth was a green garden and a large tamarind tree .
` ` i ca n't believe there are so many extraordinary gardens . ''
with a hundred world - class gardens and an equal number of massive hotels , white lake was the perfect location for every aspect of such a large event .
second earth was an amazing blend of nature left to its own devices and the creation of extraordinary gardens .
who would ' ve thought - vampires and gardens ?
my husband and i had a farm outside victoria , a few miles from present - day butchart gardens . ''
to the right , at the north end of the villa , a guesthouse and olympic - sized pool sat at the entrance to extensive formal gardens .
he read , he studied , he played the piano , and he owned several public gardens throughout the world , including the new hanging gardens of babylon , reconstructed from the accounts of ascenders over the years , those who had been alive during the height of the babylonian empire .
he read , he studied , he played the piano , and he owned several public gardens throughout the world , including the new hanging gardens of babylon , reconstructed from the accounts of ascenders over the years , those who had been alive during the height of the babylonian empire .
the resident ants in his garden would be all over it within the next few hours .
she 'd been dressed in a lavender cotton gown gathering flowers from her extensive garden , the one she had designed specifically for making arrangements for the house , a true cutting garden .
she 'd been dressed in a lavender cotton gown gathering flowers from her extensive garden , the one she had designed specifically for making arrangements for the house , a true cutting garden .
but she sighed as anxiety rippled through her , a serpent in the garden .
one last glimpse and he turned north , flying beside seriffe as they passed over the white tank mountains just to the east of the massive white lake resort colony , the name given to the fifteen - mile stretch of hotels and public gardens on both sides of white lake .
several of the major gardens were on fire .
` ` in developed areas , where ascenders congregate , the architecture is amazing and there are gardens everywhere . ''
` ` you mean like public gardens ? ''
just imagine a world of gardens , where the most sought - after prizes are given for horticulture and design . ''
` ` gardens ? ''
but at the same time , these gardens are only allowed within the town and city limits .
madame endelle 's administrative building sat in a group of elegant glass high - rises , each building wide at the base , like a pyramid , and staggered inward at each floor , allowing broad patio gardens to make up part of the overall design .
in his office in chicago , he had a full - time japanese gardener who kept both his indoor and outdoor gardens in immaculate condition .
hanging gardens cascaded from dozens of floors .
but he continued , ` ` and you 'll never see more beautiful gardens than on second .
sort of like the garden of eden . ''
helena had insisted on a garden .
-collected proverbs , beatrice of fourth chapter 25 the next morning alison folded to endelle 's office complex and at first stood stunned outside the massive pyramid - like buildings , each structure embellished with lush hanging gardens on every floor .
davido stood with her next to a large north - facing window that overlooked a small enclosed patio garden .
* * * * * * * * * at four - thirty in the afternoon , samantha sat in ethan 's conservatory and dined on some of the finest food she 'd ever eaten , made savory by the herbs grown in the mastyr 's kitchen garden .
a garden gate with a climbing rose over a trellis heralded the vegetable garden at the side of the house .
he lifted her off her feet and in that odd dangling position he kissed her repeatedly as he carried her into his sleeping area that also opened up to the large enclosed garden .
his housekeeper had prepared a light supper of potato soup , fresh sour dough bread lathered with butter , and a salad made up from greens from the kitchen garden .
they are probably by now , deep within davido 's vegetable garden .
she drew in a soft breath at the sight of the beautiful garden , a rolling lawn , hillocks of trees and flowers here and there , which she could see easily because it was just as vojalie had said , the floodlights created a near - daylight environment .
when she reached the wall of ivy that separated the garden proper from the vegetable garden , gerrod turned in her direction .
when she reached the wall of ivy that separated the garden proper from the vegetable garden , gerrod turned in her direction .
davido had once again taken gerrod back into his pride - and - joy vegetable garden so that the women could talk .
somehow cara , the feisty exotic dancer , the woman of his fantasies , who had orgasms while feeding from him , had morphed into a walking advertisement forbetter homes and undead gardens .
he was working pretty hard.dinner at a luxurious buffet , where he 'd sipped wine while watching her tuck back about nine plates of food.touring his casino and hotel , strolling down the strip , and now sitting in a private garden on the roof of the first - floor restaurant on the backside of his building .
his best man , seamus , was waiting at the end of the rooftop garden with him , next to the minister they 'd gotten to do the service .
it had shot out like a garden hose on high , and i had slid down onto the cool tiles , regretting my lack of dinner , regretting those stupid beers that i 'd only had because i was nervous being around a guy who had turned out to be a douche bag .
it did n't sit well with me that you could claim yourself a devout christian , then plot revenge on your neighbor for their dog destroying your flower garden .
for my twentieth , i had taken angel to olive garden , but she had embarrassed me by getting pissed at the waiter when he would n't let her order a jack and coke .
i felt like my thumbs had disappeared into a flower garden .
in a proper english garden . ''
and the way she had watched the guests ... her eyes wide , glazing over , her cheeks pink and her breath tumbling out over plump lips ... damien swore , leaning against the wall , the foliage in the garden wild and overgrown , the vines and branches and leaves rushing in a hundred different directions , consuming the path , the bench , the house , the once elegant brick wall .
` ` if you were fine you would n't be splitting your time between working yourself over in the garden and dating the most unattractive women imaginable . ''
i refused to dress , refused to powder , but spent many , many weeks sitting aimlessly in my most comfortable mourning gown , the extent of my activity to move from the porch to the salon , to the garden , to bed .
so when i slid out the back door into the garden , my heart was pounding , my breathing hard and fast , cheeks hot , i expected to feel embarrassment on seeing damien .
` ` turn right - you 'll find the bathroom at the back of the garden .
` ` why ever would i go to all this trouble to dress and pursue your company in the garden only to wish you to the devil ? ''
striding back to the garden , he grabbed a rusty chair and hauled it over .
damien was working in the pigeonnier , reading his e - mails , and marley had been walking in the garden , imagining what it had looked like once upon a time , when it had been tended and controlled , when she remembered that damien had said he 'd cheated on his wife with rosa .
` ` i do n't suppose i can talk you out of attending the party , '' damien said as they drank coffee in the garden at sunset on saturday .
cursing , she closed it and plowed her way through the garden , down the gravel path , and cut past the ramshackle slaves ' cabins .
the garden district ? ''
i grew up in the garden district . ''
he did n't object to me having a vegetable garden , but he did object to me watering it because of the expense .
the kind of woman i would expect him to be with , and while it had made me feel about as attractive as a stubby little garden gnome , i had to begrudgingly admit her appearance was an improvement over his ex - wife .
it 's a secret garden .
that 's the title of the song- ' her secret garden . ' ''
shelby peeked out the back door window and saw that the garden was full of weeds and had n't been planted that year .
` ` no garden ? ''
` ` it 's been three years , '' she said weakly , her thoughts as mucked up as her old garden .
they were in town to collect brady , the maestro who supposedly was going to turn the splotchy walls of piper 's bedroom into a butterfly garden .
piper bit her lip , so danny added , ` ` i think it will be a fun surprise for you if he just goes in and paints a butterfly garden .
but her grandmother willie was an excellent baker , and one time when piper was about twelve , she had made a strawberry pie with the fruit from her garden .
` ` if you 're going to see gran , i was going to see if you could give her some of the tomatoes from my garden . ''
grammy must have every type of flower possible in her front garden .
i 'd bet my favourite gucci purse she 'd spent half her pension on her garden already this summer .
movement catches my eye from below on grammy 's garden .
i look around but i ' m alone in vi 's garden .
i turn to see the boy who was working in the garden earlier .
he keeps the garden sorted in the summer whenever i need him , so i expect you 'll be seeing a lot of him this year . ''
there 's nothing wrong with a bit of hard work ... '' i tune out of the conversation and admire grammy 's back garden as i eat .
she shakes her head at herself as she goes into the garden .
` ` who 's that dude in the garden ? ''
'' yes , but at home i ' m not likely to be weeding a garden , '' i point out .
his are bigger , more tanned from working in gram 's garden and surfing .
'' and that 's why you hired me to work in your garden this summer , '' i suss out .
'' i hired you to work in my garden because you needed an outlet for your grief besides alienating every damn female between the ages of sixteen and twenty two .
i finally roll my sleeves up and help her weed the garden to the sound of her probing questions about my day with alec .
he went into the garden to play in the mud - that 's okay , really , he 's a country boy - but you should know that my boy had a thing for being naked . ''
i could n't find him so assumed he was in the garden .
i stand and walk into the back garden , the night settling onto me .
she laces our fingers and pulls me towards the big tree in the garden .
so that night i went into the garden , found a constellation and picked a star .
'' let 's go and put these pots in the garden . ''
grammy 's happy because her garden is getting a good watering , and i ' m happy because last night 's storm got rid of the horrible muggy air that was hanging around .
i nod once at mum and turn my attention back to the garden .
it was one of the times i was helping her in the garden .
i 'd spend endless time in the garden drawing flowers , sketching birds and butterflies to fill in later .
my lips curl up at one side , and i look out at the garden .
jen scrambles up and storms across the garden , followed by lexy , before me and alec even think about moving .
i remember helping mom in the garden .
she 'd apparently left a chocolate cake at the bottom of the garden in thanks .
as it boils , i look out at the garden and the weaker winter sun shining on it .
` ` there 's some weedin ' that needs doing in the far corner , by my vegetable garden .
i grab the trowel from the shed , crouching by the vegetable garden , and the truth smacks me full in the face .
you should go take a look at that vegetable garden .
worms are meant for gardens , and shrimps are made for eating .
they ' ve just rescheduled it for four this afternoon and at 961 grenetia garden . ''
we 'll raise our baby in a proper family house , with a big kitchen , a playroom , a nursery , and a giant garden . ''
` ` garden . ''
` ` and what exactly are you going to do with this garden ? ''
at least he opted for a tree instead of the neatly fenced - in vegetable garden .
the garden paradise she 'd loved since birth had been obliterated in a few earth - shattering seconds .
she 'd seen that this was a working farm - jocelyn stepping outside to give fertilizing instructions to a worker on a tractor , staking the trunk of a fledgling tamarind tree in a pot off the back step , tending a spice garden on the kitchen sill .
tuscan columns and roman arches shone in the floodlights strategically placed along the garden grounds .
* * * hugging her knees , she sat in the damp grass at the edge of her father 's garden , peering around a bush sculpted to look like a battle horse .
good god , there were a lot of grecian and romanesque stone statues with fountains around the estate with sculptured hedge gardens just like jolynn had described .
from the middle of the garden , venus de milo showered water over the choir of fish at her feet .
she thought of her dream the other night , of being in the garden , of gunshots .
she stopped at the spanish - style wrought - iron entry gate that closed off her small rock garden beyond the stucco arch .
she kicked a stray landscaping stone back into the garden .
as she backpedaled away , her eyes fell on the rock garden , now fully lit .
ten jill could n't move , could barely even process what she was seeing in her patio garden .
jill pointed at the dirt swirl in her garden .
he moved with stealth through the stucco arch , past the disturbed rock garden , and nudged her door open .
i ' m assuming it has something to do with that pattern in your garden , since that was when you freaked out . ''
` ` i agree , and yes , the pattern in the garden has significance .
so it 's not like it matters if somebody snags a snapshot of my garden . ''
` ` if those marks in your garden mean what you said they do , then the killer has figured out just how involved you are in hunting him down . ''
just as she 'd expected , they 'd ended up back here and found her little ` ` gift '' in the garden .
there 's even footage from a security camera of him entering your place , and he did n't spend any time in your garden .
her garden , where she 'd found the killer 's alien - like signature she was n't supposed to have told mason about .
only one tiny piece of himself remained : a screen saver depicting a garden meditation labyrinth .
she had a marijuana garden in her back - yard . ''
i convinced my dad to find me a new teacher without mentioning her weed garden . ''
they had a labyrinth garden used as a healing tool .
` ` you stole them out of the garden by the back deck , '' she shot over her shoulder as she stepped into the kitchen area to get a large mason jar .
` ` the garden belongs to me . ''
stone strode inside and tossed the tulips - ones that he 'd pulled out of a vase in the lobby of the main lodge - onto the end table beside the daisies that looked remarkably like ones in the garden by the deck .
she wondered what he thought of her bargain - basement pier 1 knockoffs and the scattered plants she 'd grafted from her mother 's garden in an attempt to fill corners she could n't afford to decorate .
she would n't be one of those airheads in a horror movie who went walking in the dark woods at night even when half her friends had already been whacked by some psycho with a gas - powered garden tool .
but there are so many memories to share , like the time she poured all my shampoo in the garden fountain to make more bubbles than we could blow in a whole afternoon ... . '' sara 's stories about her child spilled from one into the other with such obvious maternal affection , he could n't help but smile .
she 'd learned where he lunched , in the garden with his birds , away from people .
i ' ve missed our talks out in the garden . ''
he leaned by the window , staring out into the stark patch of lawn illuminated by security lights , no manicured gardens here .
no sculpted southern gardens and potted ferns for her here .
` ` released a couple of mice and garden snakes in the convent .
that 's actually why i call her sister nic - as in sister nicotine , since she used to slip out to the prayer garden for the occasional cigarette .
sitting on the stone bench by a trickling water fountain , bo studied paige over by the garden entrance with his cell phone .
then , holy hell , he really needed to quit thinking or he might scorch this garden faster than when he 'd poured too much fertilizer on the lawn .
jammed his hands in his pockets , dodging strategically planted clumps of flowers in rena 's tropical jungle that would put professional tour gardens to shame .
she said most of her prayers in the garden so she could sneak a smoke .
she flipped pages , lingered on an herb garden layout .
` ` hey , not bad , '' an army lieutenant answered , ` ` or some kind of zen rock garden to spruce up the place . ''
` ` the sooner tag over there can load up and lock down , the sooner we 'll get off your runway and out of this ... garden spot . ''
by the end of the year , he 'd bought her a window garden full of other such plants like red clover blossoms and blue cohosh .
eventually , hope had withered along with words and creativity while her window garden blossomed in mocking contrast .
there was a plant mixed in with your neighbor 's potted garden , a plant that 's supposed to promote fertility .
although he could do without more soul - searching , like what they 'd done in the gardens .
there were a few extra flowers in the garden and more toys in the yard - a bike lying on its side , tire swings spinning in the wind , and a fort built into the v of a sprawling oak tree .
this morning he 'd glanced out the window to see her working in her garden .
we were walking in the garden .
to her left , she found lush floral gardens and , to her right , a huge free - form pool with a cascading waterfall in its center .
` ` a veritable garden of eden , '' she murmured .
` ` if i ' m going to have breakfast beneath the warm sun overlooking an exotic garden of tropical plants , i 'd hate to do it alone .
by the time he pulled up to the garden apartment complex address he 'd gotten from dispatch , his officers were back by their car , one talking to cara , the other writing up the incident .
macy lived in a garden apartment , a low - rise set of buildings near the family restaurant .
she 'd called the police from a pay phone around the corner - after she 'd ordered take - out and discovered she 'd actually scored drugs by asking for the garden of eden .
` ` so tell me why you summoned me to the annual garden gala . ''
although the garden gala was as much a part of montgomery tradition as baseball was a part of spring , logan did n't feel the same sense of anticipation for this event .
knowing she would n't like what she saw , catherine accepted the paper anyway , and found herself face - to - face with a close - up shot of logan , taken at yesterday 's garden gala .
in the week since the montgomery party , catherine had received a flurry of phone calls and had set up appointments with many of hampshire 's residents who had been at the montgomery garden gala .
he did n't want to take her expensive convertible , which was an attention - getter , and so he drove his suv , pulling up to the address mike had given him , a small rented garden apartment in a surprisingly nice area .
dazzling waterford crystal chandeliers hung from a hand - crafted plaster ceiling , and surrounding them was a glass pavilion overlooking a private garden that they 'd rented out as well .
` ` anyone ever tell you this place looks like the garden of eden ? ''
he drew a deep breath before joining her in what looked like a garden rather than a living room .
in the absence of an english garden , which one might have expected with such a property , there were terra - cotta pots of greenery placed along the walkway and situated along the front porch , michael 's concession , she supposed , to more time - consuming landscaping .
stroll through the garden and down the boardwalk to the beach , as she had done so many times when she was a kid .
in another photograph , she was elementary - school aged , standing in the backyard with the garden hose arcing water above her , wringing wet and laughing .
finally they arrived in what lila supposed was a garden room or something , because one entire wall was glass and looked out onto the lush and inescapably elegant nesbitt gardens - all eight billion acres of them - behind the house .
then she continued to hold his hand as she led him to and through the open french doors leading out to the garden .
` ` he has shaggy hair and he lives in the garden .
the door to the garden banged shut .
` ` he 'll need a new theater first , and a garden to put it in afore that .
` ` well , to be fair , mr . harte was n't to know his pleasure garden and the theater would burn to the ground at the time . ''
what had once been an elegant pleasure garden had been reduced to sooty mud by the fire and the spring rains .
for there was a monster in the garden .
at a rough estimate , fully half the woody plantings in the pleasure garden were dead - and another quarter might as well be .
and now there was a strange female in his garden .
she should n't be out by herself in the ruined garden .
green eyes was going to be in for a shock when she found out which of the two of them was tossed from the garden .
but on the first night he slept in that place a black bull came to him in a dream ... -from the minotaur for a man who owned a pleasure garden , asa makepeace certainly did n't live in luxury - if anything , he sailed perilously close to squalor .
he wrote , who is the woman in the garden ?
you 're mad , man , there is n't any woman in any garden unless you 're talking about eve and that garden , which would make you adam and that i 'd pay to see , especially if you wore a girdle of oak leaves- '' during this ramble apollo had taken back the notebook and written more .
you 're mad , man , there is n't any woman in any garden unless you 're talking about eve and that garden , which would make you adam and that i 'd pay to see , especially if you wore a girdle of oak leaves- '' during this ramble apollo had taken back the notebook and written more .
something to do with his family being a religious lot and disapproving of the stage and pleasure gardens in general .
get her out of my garden .
hence his decision to help by overseeing the landscaping of the ruined garden .
` ` but i ca n't make miss stump leave the garden . ''
i ca n't keep in hiding with strangers running about the garden .
` ` and what plans do you have for the garden , may i ask ? ''
` ` i 'll drop by the garden later today to take a look , shall i ? ''
` ` i collect that we 'll soon be in need of an architect to design and rebuild the various buildings in the pleasure garden . ''
` ` sam 's just started work on the garden , '' makepeace said .
not if we 're to reopen the garden within the next year . ''
if the garden is n't ready for visitors - and the money they 'll spend - by april of next year , i ' m afraid i shall need my capital repaid . ''
she 'd walked around to mr . harte 's rooms the day after she 'd met indio 's ` ` monster , '' but the man had been ridiculously adamant that the hulking brute could n't be moved from the garden .
several times the boy had disappeared with daffodil into the garden , despite lily 's dire threats regarding pudding and little boys who did n't mind their mothers .
we 'll take our tea in the garden , maude . ''
` ` the atmosphere of the garden is terribly mysterious .
lily paused and glanced around the blackened garden an hour later .
the mist swirled amber over the surface of the water , adorning his gleaming skin as if he were the tributary god of this ruined garden .
he had another cold pork pie safely stowed in the ruins of the musician 's gallery where he 'd set up camp while he worked in the garden .
he tilted back his head , watching the sun cast her flame - colored skirts upon the sky as she set over his ruined garden .
this had once been a lovely pleasure garden .
when he was done with it , it would be a wondrous pleasure garden , even better than before .
the last time he 'd been in the building was on the night the garden had burned .
he 'd hidden in the garden for only a day before the place had burned down .
not even the other gardeners knew he 'd designed the garden .
surely caliban was exactly what he 'd seemed when she 'd first come upon him in the garden ?
will the garden really look like this when you ' ve finished with it ? ''
the maze will be the centerpiece of the new garden .
so few were interested in what he did - even asa began to fidget after only minutes if apollo tried to explain his plans for the garden .
` ` in the garden ? ''
i need the money i invested in the garden .
you must leave the garden .
` ` they 're in the back garden ?
beyond was a formal garden , the flower beds mostly dormant at this time of year .
he caught up to her just as she neared the shallow steps that led down to the garden .
he was on the far side of the pond , in quite a deserted area of the garden .
he and the other gardeners had made some headway on the area of the garden between the pond and the theater , but here , on the far side of the pond , all was still wild chaos .
for a moment they simply stood , staring at each other , alone in this ruined garden .
maybe he 'd have to go naked from the waist up , except for his waistcoat , as he labored about the garden .
miss stump 's call echoed through the garden .
apollo walked out into the garden feeling better than he had in months - even with the headache .
he could hear chopping coming from somewhere in the garden , so at least some work was being done - whether it was the correct work might be another matter .
` ` if you think i 'll take on some wet - behind - the - ears , overeducated , dilettante architect to design and rebuild my bloody garden just because you met him at some aristocratic ball in sweden- '' ` ` switzerland , '' drawled an obnoxious , familiar voice .
this garden is going to be the most wondrous pleasure garden in all of london , which might as well be the world , and to do that we need an experienced , working architect , not some silly aristocrat who 's decided that he 'd play with blocks and see if he could build something that would n't fall down after three damned minutes . ''
this garden is going to be the most wondrous pleasure garden in all of london , which might as well be the world , and to do that we need an experienced , working architect , not some silly aristocrat who 's decided that he 'd play with blocks and see if he could build something that would n't fall down after three damned minutes . ''
` ` as i ' ve said : to employ an architect of my own selection to design and build the theater and musician 's gallery and various other follies i might like in the garden .
` ` and he is n't just a gardener , he 's the head gardener - he 's designing the entire pleasure garden , as far as i can tell . ''
` ` if he 's the head gardener and such an important man as all that , why is he livin ' rough in the garden and wearing such common clothes ? ''
or maybe he likes to stay at the garden he 's working on .
i want to learn what he thinks about when his lips turn up , and what he sees when he looks at his garden , and what he 'll be doing tomorrow and the next day . ''
what has he told you of his family , his life outside this here garden ? ''
apollo watched that afternoon as the machine containing his oak tree was hauled into the garden .
tree and machine had been especially ordered from a fellow garden architect whom apollo had been corresponding with under the pseudonym mr . smith .
the gardeners had apparently become used to their presence in the garden , for there had been no questions when they 'd stayed to watch .
well , he 'd experiment with the next tree they transplanted into the garden .
` ` i understand the theater and garden are quite burned to the ground . ''
` ` but the garden is in a state of renovation and i thought you 'd be interested .
the pleasure garden had been a very popular attraction before the fire , and the dock had once been wide and well maintained .
behind the dock the burnt and ruined vegetation looked positively grim - not at all like a frivolous pleasure garden .
' t was said that harte intended to rebuild the garden entirely , but trevillion thought it an almost impossible goal , attainable only with a tremendous outlay of money , and then the end result still uncertain .
a crude path had been cleared , leading from the dock into the garden , but debris still littered the ground .
he forbore to say that one violet hardly made a garden .
he informed me that the garden designer , a mr . smith , was to be found here . ''
` ` i shall be ... happy to show ... you about the garden ... such as it is ...
` ` i believe ... you were ... interested in the ... garden as well ... ma'am ?
they watched the two men stride off , caliban already explaining his plan for the garden .
the proof , apollo supposed , would come when the architect showed them his designs for the theater and opera house and whatever else the duke wanted and was willing to pay to have built in the garden .
the sun was beginning to set and even with the smell of burnt wood , the garden was a magical place .
she nodded and began to set off before she realized that they were in a part of the garden she 'd never seen before .
` ` the very ... heart of my future garden ... the center of the maze . ''
this place did n't look any different from anywhere else in the garden , but garden hearts , she supposed , like human hearts , could be disguised .
this place did n't look any different from anywhere else in the garden , but garden hearts , she supposed , like human hearts , could be disguised .
` ` in another year ... or two , you 'll no longer ... be able to glimpse ... the stars from the garden .
they were a universe apart , adam and eve , in a garden that was n't quite eden .
he could hear people in the garden .
just as men appeared in the pink - gray light of morning in his garden .
through the beautiful morning light , through the blackened garden he 'd hoped to redeem , with demons on his heels .
were there more soldiers searching the garden even as these messed about in the theater - or were there only these four men ?
` ` at least a dozen ... soldiers in the garden . ''
` ` damn it , ' pollo , no one can design that garden the way you can .
the garden had been his delight .
` ` lily 's in the garden .
` ` no one else knew you were in the garden , did they ? ''
` ` you are , after all , the gardener with the grand scheme for my pleasure garden . ''
` ` my pleasure garden , '' makepeace interjected .
i really must insist my garden be open for business by next spring , and this ... hiccup ... threatens to put the whole thing back months . ''
` ` my garden , '' makepeace muttered , but his heart was obviously no longer in it .
the afternoon after the soldiers finally left the garden , lily had crept into the musician 's gallery and found his meager nest .
when he 'd been a penniless workman in a garden , shabby and mute , he 'd been well within her reach .
i understand that he barely escaped capture by soldiers in the destroyed harte 's folly pleasure garden . ''
` ` i ' m the same man i was when i labored in the garden .
` ` will you agree that we found an uncommon accord in the garden ? ''
i may not know exactly what i have become since bedlam , but i know this : whatever i was in the garden i am now , new clothes or no . ''
` ` i am the same man i was in the garden , '' he said into the silence of the bedroom , his grin fading to something solemn , almost severe .
` ` my limbs move as they did then , my lungs fill with air exactly the same , and my heart ... '' he paused as if to swallow , continuing lower , ` ` my heart beats constant and true , and if you believe nothing else , lily stump , believe this : my heart has changed not at all since the garden . ''
` ` the same heart , the same beat as in the garden . ''
but more importantly , with the stripping of his clothes he 'd discarded all that she disliked and become merely the man she 'd met in the garden .
` ` she knew you were in the garden ? ''
that garden took a season to build and after that i was recommended to another estate .
he considered my desire to learn the art of garden planning on a grand scale to be an early sign of the same disease that had driven my father mad .
when he 'd worked in the garden , he 'd awoken as the birds had heralded the rising sun .
chapter fifteen for at the heart of the labyrinth was a wild and beautiful garden .
` ` he said so that you may finish his garden , '' trevillion replied , ` ` but i take your point . ''
` ` you do n't believe that he wants you for his garden ? ''
had he recognized the lines that she 'd written in the garden with his help ?
` ` i thought that the first time i ever saw you in the garden , when you were clothed , but here , naked ... '' he swallowed , his eyes darkening as he watched his thumb trace a circle near her maiden hair .
` ` in the garden by the pond where you saw me bathing .
he 'd escape and she 'd meet him in the garden tomorrow , and ... and what ?
it was almost lovely , and for the first time she saw how the garden would look one day .
he 'd even refused to pay the wherryman a fair price when they 'd made the garden docks .
she would ' ve known had a stray dog been living in the garden .
then came the sure tread of a man who knew his way about the garden .
that , and i really do want this garden finished .
it is beautiful here in your garden , but no birds sing and i think it rather lonely . ''
apollo followed more slowly , inspecting the progress of his garden as he went .
lily was wearing scarlet , his favorite color on her , and she stood out like a bright poppy in his garden .
they 'd been eating it ever since , often on the picnics lily , indio , and maude brought for his luncheon at the garden .
artemis had given them a small town house not far from the garden .
she hoped the silly man was n't lying dead in the garden .
mary always did like her gardens . ''
when he was past she slipped down the wide steps into the garden .
` ` here are the steps down to the garden . ''
unlike the rest of the primly pristine garden , the rose was rather wild and weedy looking , more suited to a cottage garden than a formal one .
` ` i can see the blue sky and the green of the garden .
they started down one of the graveled garden paths .
` ` i was just telling mrs . jellett that you 're the one who manages the garden . ''
` ` i only maintain the garden .
they were nearing the end of the garden and a stone seat set against the wall , and artemis now saw that a solitary figure sat there , gazing into the distance as if deep in thought .
phoebe squinted at the green beyond the formal garden .
outside lay the gardens of moorfields and , a little way down from the main gates , a waiting horse and cart .
` ` the ghost has been , i believe , sighted at the opera house near covent garden .
overhead the sun was brightly shining as ladies mingled and drank tea in lady young 's garden .
lady young was holding a small party , presumably to show off her autumn garden - though the only flowers artemis saw were some rather bedraggled daisies .
for she loved him , she realized now , in this brightly lit garden , of all places , with his future wife , her cousin , by her side .
` ` it 's a lovely day for a garden party , is n't it ? ''
` ` i think we 'll take a turn about the garden .
i 'd received a pair of fowling pieces for my birthday , and i 'd taken them out and shot some birds in the garden in london the week before , and he 'd been quite angered .
artemis glanced distractedly around the pleasure garden before reminding herself that apollo would hardly be out in the open here .
artemis looked around the sparkling pleasure garden in something like despair .
maximus whirled and strode up the path leading to the pleasure gardens and theater .
if it had been noakes , would he flee the pleasure garden or go to his theater box as if nothing had happened ?
flames leaped from the top of the theater , even as the garden guests , actors , footmen , and servants streamed from the building .
` ` the gardens are probably a lost cause . ''
i could ' ve been whoring or drinking or pottering about the continent , seeing places , and instead i was working , nay , slaving on this very pleasure garden , building and planting and coddling fickle actresses and more fickle actors and now , now it 's nothing but a smoldering pile of shit .
at the time it had seemed a sound financial move : he was terrible with money while asa seemed on the verge of wealth and prosperity with the pleasure garden .
she 's thrilled for the opportunity to shop , and see the sights , and go to the theater and perhaps an opera or even a pleasure garden , and ... and ... '' she 'd picked up an ancient leather - bound book of van oosten 's commentary on catullus and now she waved it vaguely .
he 'd written back and told her politely but tersely that she could do as she wished with the grapevine and anything else she had the mind to in the garden .
` ` i ' m sure your garden will need renovation , '' she said earnestly , ` ` if the state i found your country grounds in two years ago is any indication . ''
thirty long minutes later , he dropped into his own garden .
the garden ran from the back of the house to the old river gate - a grand crumbling arch that gave access to the private steps leading to the river .
to emphasize his point , he spat into the decayed leaf litter that blanketed saint house 's garden .
or what was left of its garden .
the tree stood in the center of the garden .
higgins had quite definite ideas of garden care - ideas that had meant he 'd been let go from more than one position .
the day was sunny and a bit brisk , and really , meandering around a tumbledown garden was a wonderful way to spend a morning .
... -from the legend of the hellequin megs stood late the next morning in the garden of saint house , staring hard at the gnarled old fruit tree .
ugly and gnarled as the tree was , it seemed a lonely thing out here in the garden by itself .
` ` we ' ve been invited to attend a pleasure garden tonight , '' she said .
` ` actually , i ' m not even sure that ' harte ' is but one man - the backers of the pleasure garden could be a syndicate of businessmen - but in any case it 's well known that miss goodfellow was lured away from her previous theater , probably for an outrageous sum of money .
the pleasure garden needed a renowned actress . ''
she should ' ve questioned him more in the garden this afternoon instead of being so overwhelmed with excitement and joy that she 'd all but lost the power of thought .
we ate the last raspberry out of the garden last week before cutting back the brambles .
* * * dusk was falling when megs went into the garden for a walk after an early supper .
for a second she shivered at the image , the dark stranger come to invade her peaceful garden , but then she shook herself .
he 'd tempted megs with a walk in spring gardens - one of the many public gardens in london .
he 'd tempted megs with a walk in spring gardens - one of the many public gardens in london .
if trevillion was good enough to hide from him in his own garden , he deserved to be caught .
past the garden was the old river wall , the sound of lapping water and the stink of the river rising from beyond .
` ` shall we adjourn to the garden ? ''
megs thanked her and they all three proceeded to the garden .
if you remember , you wanted to visit spring gardens today . ''
spring gardens was a pleasant place , godric thought , even if he was n't much interested in flowers or plants .
the beds themselves were mostly barren and godric privately thought they were n't any better than his own garden at saint house , save for the fact that they were neater .
they strolled slowly , the others drawing farther ahead until it seemed they walked in a garden all their own , godric thought whimsically .
but every garden has its serpent .
he 'd not berated her for her outburst in the garden .
the tree had covered itself in an embarrassment of pink and white blossoms , a fragrant , joyous cloud that drew the eye as soon as one stepped into the garden .
no doubt his garden would be infested with squirrels and badgers and baby hedgehogs soon .
if she could only catch roger 's eye , perhaps she could signal a meeting in the garden .
he winked and tilted his head imperceptibly in the direction of the garden terrace .
carriages lined the street outside the covent garden opera house , and her own ground to a halt as they waited their turn in a long line .
he 'd only been in the opera house in the first place to change into his ghost costume - covent garden was much too bright and populated at night to arrive as the ghost .
light spilled out into the garden as a door opened and a couple came out .
the lady was leaning toward her suitor , obviously quite enthusiastic about whatever might happen in a dark garden .
he did all this almost mechanically , and it was n't until he stood in a neat garden on the west side of london that he realized which way he 'd taken .
-from the legend of the harlequin ghost of st . giles godric st . john jumped silently down into his town house garden and then crouched , motionless , and waited for a full minute .
chapter two the king had a palace , naturally , and beside the palace was a large and lovely garden .
every morning it was the king 's habit to stroll about his garden and inspect the fruit trees , which were his pride and joy .
she 'd seen butterflies and more - tame deer , wild birds , lovely gardens , and flowers .
as dusk fell in the king 's garden , all three of the nephews began to nod and soon they all slept .
chapter seven as soon as dark fell in the king 's garden , a bird 's song filled the air .
silence only had time to notice that her room had a lovely view of a garden in back before the water arrived .
` ` there 's a garden ? ''
outside a paved terrace separated the house from a garden .
it was with a light step that he went to his garden and called , ` ` tamara ! ` ` ...
this was his now , a private garden of delight open only to him .
clever john stood alone in his garden with all the riches in the world .
i 'll buy ye a carriage and there 's the garden to tend . ''
everything - the kingdom , the invincible army , and the treasure chest - disappeared , and clever john found himself once again in his uncle 's garden .
it would have plenty of rooms , a big kitchen , and a garden for the children to take fresh air in .
could tell mrs . hollingbrook that the children would have new beds , a new schoolroom , and a huge garden to run in come spring .
it was unseasonably warm for october - perfect for visiting a pleasure garden .
she looked around the lovely paved balcony with wide steps that led into a shadowed garden and turned to him accusingly .
he bent over her , there in the dark garden , and she felt the brush of his lips over hers .
` ` he 's refused to take me into the garden . ''
good god , anything could happen in a garden at a ball - and he should know .
` ` the quicker i ' m done with my duties , the quicker i can escort you to a park or a fair or even perhaps to a pleasure garden . ''
perhaps these persons think marching for twenty miles through mud in pouring rain a stroll through a pleasure garden . ''
and , after many long walks in the castle garden , she came to a decision : she would offer herself to the goblin king in longsword 's stead .
there was an old garden there , terraced in steps that led down to a stream .
vegetation overgrew the garden , falling down the buttressing walls and crowding the paths .
an ancient knot garden lay here , formed of yew shrubs and decorated with statues of knights and warriors .
in the center of the knot garden was a great iron cage .
` ` there used to be gardens that led to the stream . ''
she wondered suddenly how many nights he had stood thus , alone and lonely , looking out over the ruin of his garden .
it was rocky and bumpy ; sir alistair was leading them down through the old garden toward the stream .
if she were a mermaid , she 'd sit on those rocks far below and tend a garden of water weeds .
chapter six every day truth teller guarded the monstrous thing at the center of the yew knot garden .
the sun lowered and set , the shadows lengthened in the yew knot garden , and the swallows stopped fluttering and found perches in their cage .
we lived in greenwich , in a house with a garden .
the carriage came to the last cottage in the village , and she could see a woman cutting flowers in her garden .
the sorcerer placed truth teller in his yew knot garden , among all the other stone warriors .
` ` may i show you my garden , mrs .
chapter seventeen every night the sorcerer would come to the knot garden and smile and gloat over the soldier he had ensorcelled .
he led her to the yew knot garden and pointed to where truth teller stood , immobile and cold .
if he is still a man of stone when the sun sets , i will make you his stone bride and together you both shall stand in my garden for all eternity . ''
` ` could you have one of the footmen take my dog , mouse , out into the garden ?
he needs to visit the garden in the morning , again just after lunch , and before retiring for bed .
` ` the garden is lovely this time of year , '' she said .
finally he looked away again , to the broken , ruined gardens .
` ` would you like to take your scones into the garden with mouse ? ''
` ` may i escort you into the garden ? ''
he 'd led her down one of the packed gravel paths of the conrads ' town house garden .
his mother had grown lemon balm in her garden in the backwoods of pennsylvania , and the scent pitched him back in time .
they had reached a brick garden wall , which marked the end of the path .
he slid through the narrow walled garden , brushing by mint and parsley and other herbs whose scents he could n't name .
but lady emeline wore lemon balm , the scent of his mother 's garden .
here he dropped to the ground and lay on his belly , carefully watching the dark garden .
it was a large , rectangular town garden , planted with small ornamental trees and bushes in a severely geometric pattern .
at the moment , nothing moved in the garden .
come , ma petite , i will instruct you on elegant conversations when strolling in so boring a garden . ''
` ` because i believe he is doing something gentlemanly in his back garden . ''
she had a great desire to abandon her very good friend and find some pretext to go into her garden .
daniel craned his neck , looking back into his own garden .
he 'd taken off his coat and waistcoat - very improperly , even in the privacy of his own garden .
she turned blindly to the house and a way out of this too - close garden and the man who stalked her .
she was quiet as jasper led her down the westerton garden and out into the mews , conscious all the while that samuel trailed her with his sister .
she crept down the stairs and headed toward the back of the house , to the door that led out to the garden .
rebecca pushed open the door that led into the back garden and fled into the sunlight .
there was a pause , and she glanced around the otherwise deserted garden .
` ` you must be wondering what i ' m doing in your lovely garden . ''
` ` you may go now , '' she said absently to the butler who had shown her the way through the town house and into the garden .
and in any case , it seemed odd to find mr . thornton in the garden with rebecca so soon after talking about him with samuel and jasper .
i was waiting here in the garden when miss hartley joined me and made my wait so much easier . ''
the town house garden was mediocre , but she kept her pace slow as if she might actually be interested in dying foliage .
` ` i talk to him over the wall , and sometimes i go to visit him in his garden .
a few steps farther and she was at the doors leading to the garden .
tiny lanterns hung from the branches of fruit trees in the garden , and they sparkled like fireflies in the autumn dusk .
he 'd touched a raw spot the night before in the garden , he knew .
there were signs of a garden , long neglected now , and the cottage , while small , was well proportioned .
he hesitated , then walked past his own gate to the gate that led into emeline 's garden .
the garden beyond was deserted .
sam was conscious of how foolish his actions were - to sneak into the garden of the woman who 'd rejected him .
i think i 'll just go walk in the garden . ''
` ` when we saw thornton in your garden , after we went into your house for tea , he boasted to me about a large shipment he was preparing for the british army . ''
a garden in full bloom , the ocean , vanilla cupcakes ... random , contradictory scents , yet somehow they made perfect sense in relation to this woman , who was a walking contradiction herself .
the establishment was small but quaint , with a beautiful garden in the rear that featured a cobblestone patio and secluded tables with pristine white tablecloths .
he thought about his mom 's sprawling garden and the hockey rink his dad built in their backyard every winter , and had to smile .
they 'll still be passed out in a garden bed somewhere , half drunk .
it had been difficult enough to stay away from her before , it had taken everything i had not to return to her after that night in the garden , but at least i 'd been able to see her still .
the night of father 's funeral he came and sat with me in the garden for hours .
at first i kept going to the garden , hoping that he would return , but he never did .
there was a large , beautiful garden to the right of the house that my mom had been forced to sell the following year .
the garden had been my mother 's pride and joy , filled with flowers , strange plants , and the enticing scent of roses and lavender .
it took a few seconds to make out the young boy that had wandered into the garden ; astonishment filled me as i recognized cade .
yet , that was not the person standing before me in the garden .
` ` the garden .
over the next few weeks i kept expecting him to reappear , i would even go to the garden and wait for him , but he never did .
ever since those days of fishing and playing , of kind words and small smiles , ever since that night in the garden , cade had owned my heart , and always would .
a garden had been started on the roof , mainly , she could see , for defense purposes .
to her it was an incredible gift , a garden paradise .
the dog settled down and happily walked on through the garden area with his handler .
they took great care not to snap off any plants as they moved through the garden toward the back wall of the courtyard .
they 'll come through that small maple garden any moment .
once he was in the garden , mack moved after him , running lightly with dae - sub , weaving in and out of the shadows and shrubbery .
` ` i do n't suppose you noticed all the flower gardens on the estate ?
i had my own little garden that really grew into a huge project .
ken crawled forward , sliding through the neat flower garden , a rather strange and prissy bed of color out in the middle of nowhere .
we have a vegetable garden in that little strip of land where the sun shines the most .
blood splattered in all directions - drops hit briony as she burst from the garden to strike luther with the heel of her hand flat on his chest , putting her weight behind it and using every ounce of adrenaline and enhanced strength she had .
there were two really good locations , and on the side of the house there was a garden already planted in long , neat rows .
she 'd never considered that jack and ken would have a garden , but she should have .
he said you had extra from the garden this year . ''
his house was in the most elite part of the garden district and he rubbed shoulders with politicians and celebrities .
and i followed them straight back to saunders 's private mansion in the garden district .
` ` so if you had to choose between being slimeball rat bastard '' -he jerked his head aside to escape another fist and lashed out with his foot , dropping his opponent- ` ` or a common garden variety man - type rat bastard , which would you choose , wyatt ? ''
she caught the glimpse of a body lying prone on the lawn and another in the flower garden .
i enjoy working with plants , and fortunately , the weather is mild enough that the gardens stay green nearly year round .
you can hear the sound of water running in the creek , and we incorporated a small natural waterfall and pool into the gardens .
` ` i can picture you working in your garden .
` ` the garden has rich soil , '' traian instructed .
he was temptation personified - the serpent in the garden - and she was falling faster than eve ever thought of eating that apple .
already he had countered her spell , turning her wholesome and helpful garden snakes into venomous vipers , slithering around the field just waiting for a hapless lycan or carpathian to make a misstep .
they 'd come to an understanding in the garden .
` ` i can always use help in my flower garden .
to make matters worse , shortly after she and ruth stepped on the path of restoring her flower garden , a call came in on behalf of annie , asking for ruth to fly to florida .
the desire to leave the major 's presence turned her thoughts to the outside garden .
i suppose i 'll help your wife with her garden . ''
richard had a virtual garden on his roof , complete with every potted plant imaginable and several trees granting privacy from lurking neighbors .
for a while they did n't talk , just watched the birds splashing around the bath set in the middle of a small rose garden .
much of the secluded land sat in the back of the house where mrs . dawson had constructed a flower garden and over two acres of lawn .
several stone benches gave those in the garden a place to sit and watch the natural wildlife frolic in the sanctuary provided .
wells are dug for water , gardens are planted and livestock is gathered .
the girls continued to move in and out the flower garden talking with each other .
helen glanced beyond the glass to the beautiful garden outside .
tara , outside of helping out the vegetable garden , have you used your active powers to do anything ? ''
with his gun in front of him , he circled the house twice , poking around his garden tools in his shed and behind the fences to neighboring properties .
` ` i ' m told haggart 's dog trampled her garden , destroying her food supply .
` ` how did he get in your garden ? ''
true the woman exaggerates a fair bit , but there is no denying max spent time in her garden .
we would n't want him finding another garden to frolic in . ''
she worked in the gardens tending the vegetables and herbs .
` ` if i can have a little help from my big powerful husband , and his special gift , i 'll be able to keep this garden going all winter .
by the time duncan walked away , a small section of tara 's garden had a lovely warm temperature that would germinate the seeds placed under a layer of rich soil .
the vibrant green stretches across the vast lawns , through the flowered gardens , and lasts right up until you get to the cliffs , where it finally and abruptly turns reddish and clay .
there are gardens directly behind , but beyond that , there is a cliff with a hundred foot drop to the sea below .
i search the gardens with their exotic and sweet - smelling blooms and then i search the garage .
i walk through the small flat , taking note of the cozy furnishings , the open back doors that lead to a little patio area surrounded by a garden and the very small bed .
but rather than going into the house , into the stone bricks and mortar that i call home , i quickly follow the trails into the garden that lead me through the english maze .
there is an intricate english maze below and english gardens to the left and right .
i walk restlessly on the beaches and in the gardens .
i carry with me a bouquet of flowers from my own garden .
i spend my days walking through the gardens , taking trips to town and revising my thesis with my mentor from the hospital in portland .
` ` i ' m going to show brand your gardens . ''
i motion to the gardens below us , the lush greenery , the roses .
there was a garden to my left , filled with violet blossoms on long , flowing vines .
instead , i watched as he dropped to one knee on the garden path .
earthy smells surrounded me on the breeze as i stood at the railing looking down on hades ' many gardens .
but they were going to cross westminster bridge , loudly and exuberantly , hopeful of finding some gang of thieves or other group of no - gooders in the gardens that could be terrorized by a trio of drunk vampires .
beyond the clusters of people and the dangling vines from the babylonian plants , the doors to the gardens were open .
had he meant to ravish her somewhere in the back of the garden ?
` ` he was insistent on going into the dark part of the garden , and when i hesitated , he pulled my mask down so i could n't see ... then he picked me up- '' a shrill scream from beyond the alcove drew their attention and voss reacted immediately , shoving angelica back into the corner and positioning himself in front of her .
it could have been her , out in the garden .
but maia has been pacing the chambers and i found her teary - eyed in the garden two days ago . ''
stark and clear as a garden in the afternoon sun , but far from pleasant .
` ` lord harrington and i took a turn about the stubblefields ' garden tonight . ''
maia declined to correct him about her costume and at the same time , decided she was n't about to fall into his little trap and go out into the dark garden .
she managed to alert me to their arrival , and staked one who apparently attempted to attack angelica in the garden .
iliana got one in the garden , and voss witnessed two in the ballroom while i was attending to miss woodmore and mirabella .
how in the bloody hell could a woman smell like a damned spice cabinet and a garden and still be so enticing ?
not that she actually pictured the rigid earl walking through flower gardens , brushing his strong fingers lightly over rose blossoms ...
he had n't been jesting when he enthusiastically agreed with miss woodmore 's suggestion that she and bradington spend their time walking in the garden .
and he always seemed to want to walk in the garden , and to stop in that shady pergola .
we 're here for the big meeting followed by a buffet dinner in the garden after .
dinner 's in the garden .
while we wait for the call , we can take a walk , we could talk about your possible surgery or the weather or agnes 's garden party she invited us to for next month .
you know , like those gardens where people hang crap they ' ve welded together in the trees and call it genius . ''
what is that , a frigging garden hose they put in my arm ?
as i hold my arm up and put direct pressure against the garden hose hole with my opposite hand , i smile at andie .
` ` oh nothing ... other than the fact that if the planning had been left up to you , we 'd probably be eating dinner at the olive garden right now and going home by ten . ''
take care of the chicken and gardens . ''
you know ... the lady garden he wants to plow , the squeeze box he wants to play his favorite tune on , the love tunnel he wants to navigate ... '' ` ` quin , you are seriously demented .
she even kept a small rose garden behind the house she shared with valentine .
` ` the mother was sure the neighbor had done it , said he was mad 'cause the cat kept gettin ' in his garden .
the deer continue to eat out of the old garden , and the baby is lying in the grass .
he brought me out to walk in the flower garden with him , and it gave me so much hope .
and the sun is finally out if you 'd like to go out to the garden . ''
` ` they told me you earned some garden time . ''
just like in the garden , he seems a little sad , but i do n't know why .
the nurse gives me permission to take one last walk with realm , so we go out to the garden .
chapter three ( sam ) finding antonio and luther on a bench in the botanical gardens , jared and i relayed to them everything that had happened on quentin 's territory .
` ` it 's a good thing that antonio and his personal assistants are taking care of the plans and not you or there 'd be about five people gathered in a garden tent . ''
he was sitting on a bench in his indoor botanical gardens with luther , wes , and lena .
( jared ) the binding feast was taking place in the grand garden of antonio 's mansion .
although the garden had been decorated beautifully with torches , candles , butterfly lights , and a huge banner , i was too distracted by sam to truly appreciate any of it .
we then walked along a narrow cobbled path that zigzagged throughout the well - maintained garden en - route to an outbuilding which , i soon realised , was actually an enclosed arena .
in front of the hall was a spacey garden with a pebbly path that wound toward the entrance .
i watched as he flew around her face , carefully laying out bloom after bloom of every type of flower she had in her garden .
it was a fitting goodbye for a woman who so loved her garden .
my mom chattered on and on about work , neighbors , the garden - a bunch of garbage i could n't care less about .
i do n't know a lot about these creatures , other than they are usually ceramic and hanging out in gardens , but i was pretty sure a gnome in a dress was hilarious in any social circle , human or otherwise .
makes me want to keep mister biggles out of the garden forever . ''
the square courtyard was surrounded by the rest of the house , and held a pool , a patio and a lush garden with tropical plants .
i gasp , and i ' m eve in the garden of eden , and he 's the serpent , and i can not resist .
` ` hmm , '' i mumble , reluctant to leave my tantalizing dream of christian and me on a picnic blanket at kew gardens .
once i made it around the corner of lush palm trees and tropical gardens , i saw the house .
also , you wo n't be cleaning the house anymore , but you wil help me in the kitchen and help mr . greg in the gardens .
chapter four on wednesday night , marcus came to find me in the garden .
` ` i got ten pounds of potatoes over there fresh out of my garden .
i walked over to mr . greg kneeling down in the herb garden , mumbling to himself .
go ahead and weed this here garden , but be careful for the herbs .
herb garden weeding was never easy because so many herbs resembled weeds .
he was a rock star , and i worked in his kitchen and his garden .
` ` if it is all the same to you , i would like to get an early start on the garden this morning .
` ` our insider source says she rides her bike to his home , where she is employed to work in the kitchen and in the garden .
i had watched him writing out at the gazebo as i worked in the gardens the last few weeks we were together .
i had heard those exact chords being played outside while i worked in the garden .
he wanted to build a shop , and he had the perfect place to make a garden .
layton and i sat down on the rockers and looked out over the garden courtney and i had been working on .
he let out a small chuckle and nodded in the direction of the garden .
i 'd planted a garden behind our house , and every morning , i would go out and pick a small bouquet of flowers .
i knew courtney understood my passion for plants , and she loved helping me in the garden , so i knew this would get her good .
the closer i looked , i realized they were the flowers from the garden out back that i had been giving to courtney during her pregnancy .
` ` oh , i took it off yesterday after courtney asked if i wanted to help her plant some things in the garden . ''
my mother and i had gone over to walker 's parents ' house to help courtney with her overly extravagant garden .
` ` i thought the garden was reed 's deal . ''
` ` i thought you loved working in the garden , liza .
i was betting he 'd already been out to the garden and picked what needed to be picked .
right after my father and i left for our walk , my mother and liza had decided to go out to the garden .
as we walked into the bathroom , i looked down at the garden tub and let out a moan .
i quickly put them in the wash and started it as i made my way out back and over to the garden .
` ` remember the one time she thought she forgot to take it off before she worked in the garden , and she had us looking for over three hours before she found it on her damn ring holder in her bathroom .
that man is crazy if he thinks he is dragging me away from my garden for two whole weeks . ''
there are no fighting kids , no weeds to pull in the garden , no soccer practice , no pta meetings ... '' i let out a sigh , and gunner chuckled .
of course , walking every day with ari and emma and working in the garden and around the ranch had contributed to much of my toned body .
hey , not to cut right to the chase 'cause you know i love hearing about how you and dad are doing in the garden .
i have to get to my garden before alex wakes up . ''
i looked over toward the garden and saw a very pregnant ellie with grams .
i glanced over toward ellie , who was standing next to the garden gate with her hand on her stomach .
as the day went on , more football was played , and more screaming girls ran by as colt chased them with a garden snake in his hands .
i wanted to live on the ranch , waking up every day to work in the garden .
my mother was busy , working in her garden and getting it ready for spring planting .
` ` i ' m going to work in the garden for a bit , but i wanted to bring y' all out some tea before it got too hot out . ''
i slowly opened the gate to the garden and made my way over to her .
` ` we can leave and go for a walk through the gardens if she 's getting restless . ''
i was a twenty - minute walk from my favorite part of the city - the public garden , newbury street , charles street ...
to my surprise he 'd suggested we stick around during our lunch hour , some of which we passed with a stroll through the public gardens .
there was something fresh in the air there , and much like the gardens , it was like wandering into a little oasis from city life .
the man , who raven inferred was ambrogio , gestured toward a stone path that led through the garden and to the back door .
she pushed the tray aside and sipped her coffee , looking out over the extensive gardens and trees at the back of his villa .
a light from somewhere in the gardens shone behind him .
we 'd also grabbed coffee and taken a stroll through regent gardens and into leith , wandering around the cold city and talking about everything .
denver and rowena got a bedroom each downstairs and claudia and i took the bedroom with the french doors that lead out onto a private terraced garden .
however , this time i was filled with a sense of foreboding as i walked in the early dusk toward douglas gardens .
the small gardens that ran alongside the water of leith were empty .
i said what i said in the gardens that night because i meant it .
remembering that night in the gardens , the swelling bruise under his eye , i still could n't help but feel a deep anger in my gut toward gio .
from there we walked around the city center - through the gardens , along princes street , onto north bridge , along the royal mile , into old town , around the university , and back .
while we walked up the steep , cobbled steps and lanes in bellagio , while we sauntered along the lakeside in the gardens of the villa melzi , and even when i spent most of my time balking at the prices of designer clothes and handbags , cole showed me his appreciation .
the restaurant was beautiful , built in the style of a swiss chalet , and as the friendly owner led us out into the garden to a table that had the most breathtaking view of the lake , i almost felt like crying .
while most of the order lived closer to the quarter , i was thrilled to be in the absolutely stunning garden district , with its tapestry of trees , rich history , and old homes .
from previous experience , i knew merle was usually up and out in their garden in the afternoon , and sundays were usually ... good days for her .
i was jealous of merle 's garden .
the garden was empty , too .
was there a brownie in their garden ?
the sleek , black motorcycle rumbled up to the curb about fifteen minutes later , and i did n't even want to think about the speed he was driving to make it to the garden district that fast on a sunday afternoon .
` ` she 's in the garden . ''
with hair the color of wheat and nearly flawless alabaster skin , i had no idea how she stayed so pale and wrinkle - free when she spent most of her time out in her garden .
the first time i tried to visit her , something had been in her garden .
a fence enclosed a wide perimeter of gardens and ornamental trees around the house , and mae could vaguely make out control panels that indicated the fence was probably another electrified one .
an ornamental garden urn proved a useful tool for smashing a large enough opening in the window , but once she was inside the house , mae discovered her luck might be out .
` ` the national gardens , '' val said .
` ` both of you are in the gardens ? ''
one of their neighbors was outside working in her garden , which made tessa feel a little more secure .
off to the side , a sign pointed the way to the national gardens a few blocks away , a vast wonder of horticulture that attracted visitors from all parts of the runa and hosted fancy political parties .
a pretty portrait showed mrs . hata posing in a flower garden , while a more candid shot showed mr . hata grinning triumphantly at what looked like the end of a marathon .
` ` the national gardens , '' dennis told her .
the gardens had the same kind of spotlights as the front of the senate , but they were pointed up at statues of important historical figures scattered along the path .
considering how quickly he 'd subdued her in the garden , she probably was n't a big security risk .
` ` this girl invaded the national gardens , '' explained the male prtorian .
` ` she scaled the wall into the national gardens , '' said dag .
` ` tessa broke into the gardens ?
` ` and so you guys are guarding the gardens ? ''
she 'd be with us in the gardens . ''
guarding politicians is a lot like guarding the gardens .
` ` she and some of those stupid kids climbed the garden walls .
i found her in a nearby rose garden , curled up on a bench with some magazines she 'd procured from a recent trip to the human world .
charles worked diligently to keep his garden watered and alive , and i had to rein myself in from using magic to help him out .
` ` this 'll fix my garden right up , '' he declared .
it looked exactly the way i 'd left it , with its stucco finish and rock garden of a lawn .
the palace spread out over extensive gardens , which were adorned with statues and fountains .
no one mentioned him at all in the thorn land , so i finally cracked and brought him up to shaya while we were inspecting a garden filled with flowering cacti .
columns and gardens appeared around us , surrounding the museum 's focal point : an enormous pool and fountain .
i do n't know if she heard me because i was suddenly standing alone in the garden , with the fountain splashing behind me and malibu sun shining all around .
the two of them probably spent most of their time in the basement or in the garden outside , growing the various plants they then consumed or sold .
as a lush tropical garden slowly materialized around me , i knew who the dream 's creator was even before she appeared .
she fell silent and stared off at a clearing in the garden .
the women of the family were in charge of the garden , and the men hunted whatever was in season ( or was n't ) .
` ` let 's go over there , '' jack husk said , nodding his head toward a distant corner of the cemetery where there looked to be a sort of overgrown garden .
she went with him to the little garden in the corner , and jack husk laid out his checked blanket behind some stone urns overflowing with ivy and scant alyssum blossoms left over from summer .
it was a christening for the agent 's third daughter , but it looked like any other party -- bright gowns billowing in a garden , gentlemen lolling about with drinks sweating in their big , hot hands .
from this moment forward , any sound this child utters will kill '' there were gasps across the garden , and then a titter of incredulous laughter .
you spend enough time spying in the garden there . ''
when vasudev spied on her in the garden , he saw a deep sadness in her , a dreamy wistfulness , but he never saw her test the curse , not even on a beetle or an ant .
after a moment he drifted away from them and wandered at the edge of the garden .
they were as fine as a sift of cinnamon , and he found himself wanting to count them , to lie with her in a sunny patch of garden and touch them one by one , tracing the contours of her cheek , letting his finger drift down to her lips ... .
her ayah believed the curse and so did the rest of the servants , even the stern old rajput whose job it had been to guide her around the garden on her pony , mackerel , when she was small .
yours , enchanted , james dorsey anamique remembered the way the handsome soldier had stared at her in the garden , the way he had seen her , and she flushed and had to bite her lip .
the others all remembered that stare in the garden , and they could see now in the look that passed between the two that something was already under way .
seven the gloating demon crouched in the garden muttering , vasudev saw the light in anamique 's eyes and gave a loathsome gloating chuckle .
crouched in the garden , vasudev heard the singing and as it entered his ears , he lapsed into a befuddled fugue .
mab kept them in a saltshaker and every few weeks they took the tube to hatton garden , knocked on the back door of a jeweler 's shop , and sold one or two to a fat woman with a mouth like a prune .
meliz , crown of the continuum , garden of the great all .
when we were very small , we 'd sit together in the garden and she would braid periwinkles into my hair .
their sweet scent was probably the reason why i dreamed of my sister and me in our garden .
a while later , when she goes off to play at the harpsichord with father , i venture out to the garden to look at our rosebushes .
one of them jokes about cornering me the next time i walk alone in our garden .
he used to wrestle and spar with enzo in the palace gardens , when teren 's father was busy leading the inquisition axis .
reminding me of the day when i 'd closed my hand around the rose thorns in my father 's garden .
a memory comes back to me of a warm afternoon and our sun - drenched garden , when my mother danced with me to the lullaby .
you can find the entrance in the smallest garden . ''
is next to botanical gardens . ''
2 i emerged from the metro right next to the university , and the botanical gardens were easy enough to spot .
the garden was full of winding trails , and there was n't a straight line between kelsey and me , not without trekking through some , no doubt , rare and expensive greenery .
i did n't stop when i hit the trail , but kept on going until i was back to the more populated areas of the garden , where i could blend in around other people .
five more before i saw kelsey and her foreign friend emerge from the dirt trail onto the paved steps at the center of the garden .
before i could help myself , i pictured her long legs straddling that guy in the gardens .
5 dressed in sweats and tennis shoes , i jogged the paths of the botanical gardens until i found her .
up on a hill overlooking the rest of the gardens , with purple flowers blooming on my left and the monastery spires rising up in the sky on my right , i almost missed her .
it took me a second to place the expression , but eventually i matched it with her face that first day in the gardens .
when i got to her chest , a vision of that emerald green bra from the botanical gardens in kiev popped into my head .
an afternoon dress , it was made for lazy strolls in town , or a trip to the gardens .
` ` but when the angel wi ' the flaming sword drove them out of eden , no sooner had they passed the gate of the garden , when the hair began to sprout and itch on adam 's chin , and ever since , man has been cursed with shaving . ''
` ` was it the archangel michael who drove adam and eve out of the garden of eden ? ''
he thinks it 's all excitement and adventure , how ye live , and a good long way from shoveling goat - shit for his mother 's garden . ''
and then came an evil wind , that blew the seeds of misfortune into my garden .
lanterns were perched along the low wall of the veranda , and hung from the trees along the paths of the ornamental garden .
with the house now gone , he could see the steep trail that led up behind it , toward the place where his wife 's garden had once stood , safe behind its deer - proof palisades .
he would make her a new garden one day , god willing .
resulting , he was obliged to produce the prize of his collection of gifts - a copy of mr . harris 's famous list of covent garden ladies , this being a lavishly descriptive catalog of the charms , specialities , price , and availability of the best whores to be found in london .
coming out , i turned left , passing the weathered palisades of my garden , covered with the tattered , rattling remnants of gourd vines .
i paused , hesitating ; i had n't set foot in the garden since the day that malva and her child had died there .
granted , half the green things growing were grass and weeds ; by summer , the woods would have reclaimed the garden , smothering the stunted sproutings of cabbages and onions .
the sight of something live comforted me , little as i cared for snakes , and i smiled as i lifted my eyes and saw that bees were humming to and fro from one of the old bee gums that still stood at the foot of the garden .
or your wee garden .
his way lay through covent garden , and he skipped nimbly out of the way of a swash of water , flung from a bucket to wash the slimy cabbage leaves and rotten apples from the cobbles by a fruiterer 's stall .
in autumn , the place held a ripely decadent smell of squashed fruit , decaying meat , and broken vegetables that was the signature to the changing of the guard in covent garden .
with the shades of evening drawing nigh , the whores claimed the garden for their own .
weather and passersby prevented his asking any of the questions he had in mind until after they had made their way well into the park and found themselves in a more or less deserted path that led through a small topiary garden , where evergreen bushes and trees had been clipped into fanciful shapes .
` ` in lady windermere 's garden .
and that touching account of rapture in the garden ...
he passed the small memorial garden , put up to commemorate the service of nurses during world war ii , and thought - as he always did - of claire , though this time with less than the usual admiration he had for her .
` ` my father always claimed he 'd found me under a cabbage leaf in the garden , '' i replied flippantly .
the pocket would hold one small book ; it had been a choice on this journey between the new testament his grandmother had given him or his treasured copy of harris 's list of covent garden ladies .
feeling strange , he stepped down into the garden .
there were two women at work in the garden , some distance away ; one was a white woman , by the color of the hair beneath her cap , and in her middle years by the stoop of her shoulders - perhaps brant 's wife ?
she had been wise not to go into the garden with him .
` ` it just seemed like a nice evening for a walk in a garden . ''
` ` in a garden , '' he repeated , giving me a sideways glance .
` ` the commandant 's garden , to be exact , '' i said , and touched the pocket of my apron .
there were a number of small gardens inside the fort , most of them practical plots meant for the production of vegetables .
the formal garden behind the commandant 's quarters had been designed by the french many years before , though , and while it had since been neglected and overrun by the seeds of airborne weeds , it had one rather interesting aspect - a high wall surrounding it , with a gate that locked .
that was a trifle disconcerting , particularly given that we were standing in an overgrown garden no more than twenty feet from an alleyway much patronized by militiamen looking for a place to get quietly drunk .
then i was lying on my back in long grass and wild tobacco , jamie solidly inside me , and the hand was over my mouth - a good thing , i realized dimly , as there were voices coming toward us along the alley on the other side of the garden wall .
` ` come away , '' he said softly , and led me toward the commandant 's garden .
there was no echo of our last encounter in this garden , though i was terribly aware of his body , of the tension in it and the beating of his heart .
the interlude in the commandant 's garden seemed as though it had taken place in someone else 's life , but i laid my head on jamie 's shoulder , relaxing against his solid warmth .
they walked in silence through the kailyard and through a gate into the garden .
it was a kitchen garden , made for utility , but it had a small orchard at the end of it , and there were flowers growing between the pea vines and onion beds .
it was sometime in the first weeks of their marriage , when he 'd been digging new beds in the garden .
it was n't the tree of good and evil in the garden of eden , after all ; it was the tree of the knowledge of good and evil .
` ` i ' ve been to their gardens several times ; they know me . ''
it was only a quarter hour 's walk from the ferry to bartram 's garden , but i took my time about it , as much because my mind was still on general arnold as because of the heat .
well , there were n't any bloody answers , no more than there had been the hundreds of other times i 'd asked those bloody questions , and i heaved a sigh of relief as the gate to bartram 's garden came in sight .
i found young mr . bartram - he was about forty , but so called to distinguish him from his elder brother - in the center of the gardens , sitting under the shade of an immense creeper that covered half the porch of his house , a sketchbook open on the table before him , making careful drawings of a handful of pale , leggy roots that lay on a napkin .
` ` these are chinese ginseng ; i want to see whether i might be able to persuade it to grow here- '' he waved a hand toward the encompassing acres of lush garden .
i could barely keep myself from sharing my wonderful thought with them , but that would n't do , and i managed to sip the negus - port mixed with hot water , sugar , and spices , then chilled to a cold - truly cold ! -water - beaded delight - and engage in civil admiration of the ongoing improvements to bartram 's garden , these being already famous for their beauty and variety .
` ` we could go out to the garden , maybe , and have a bit o ' catch ? ''
i thanked god that i 'd had the forethought to bring a jug of sweet oil for burns - and cursed my lack of it for not having asked for aloe at bartram 's garden .
these proved to be vegetable marrows from the kitchen garden , which cascaded over the floor in a bouncing flood of green and yellow as she let go the apron in order to leap at her father and embrace him .
the second floor of the building would have been suffocating after the day 's heat - but with the gentle night breeze coming through , the air was like warm milk , soft and liquid on the skin , and the meaty smells of the butcher 's shop were now overborne by the night perfume of the gardens at bingham house , two streets over .
and we could go down into the public garden , if ... '' ` ` yeah , good idea .
they did it again , with uncle joe and mandy going all the way down to arlington street , on the far side of the public garden .
i should ride over to bartram 's garden tomorrow , i thought , weather permitting .
` ` and i 'll make ye a new garden .
after a moment , i turned down the path that led round the side of the house , out to the tiny garden at the back , and sat down on the bench there , among the roses , feeling most unwell .
from my point of view , the most interesting thing about mr . oglethorpe 's plan - in the course of conversation , it was revealed to me that he 'd founded not only savannah but the whole province of georgia - was that each house of a tything was provided with a one - mile tract of farmland outside the city and a five - acre kitchen garden closer in .
the upshot of this conversation - and many like it - was that i made an arrangement to help with the keeping of the kitchen garden in return for a share of ` ` sass '' ( as mrs . landrum puzzlingly referred to green stuff like kale and turnips ) , beans , and dried corn , as well as a small plot where i could cultivate medicinal herbs .
i 'd already decided that i could do the manufacture in the tiny toolshed in mrs . landrum 's huge kitchen garden .
worry and the lack of sleep were catching up with me ; things seemed oddly non - dimensional , as though trees and people and garden furniture were merely pasted onto a painted backdrop .
i watched him walk away , his back very straight , the scarlet of his coat bright as blood against the grays and faded greens of the winter garden .
the trail meandered back and forth across the upper slopes of the ridge , offering me tantalizing glimpses through the trees of the settlement below : scattered cabins among the bright - flowered laurels , the fresh - turned black earth of vegetable gardens - i touched the digging knife at my belt , suddenly dying to have my hands in the dirt , to pull weeds ... ` ` oh , you are losing your grip , beauchamp , '' i murmured at the thought of ecstatic weed - pulling , but smiled nonetheless .
jamie had promised me a new garden , a new surgery , a bed long enough to stretch out in - and glass windows .
visit to a haunted garden i bloody knew .
we shared the rest of the bowl in companionable silence - rob was n't a chatty child - and i decided that i would work in the garden today .
there would be a new kitchen garden near the new house .
but there was little point in walking that far each day to tend a garden when there was not yet a house to live in .
i minded amy 's plot in the meantime , sneaking occasional seedlings and propagules into it between the cabbages and turnips - but today i meant to visit the old garden .
i privately called it malva 's garden , and did .
she 'd been with child and near her time when her brother - the child 's father - had cut her throat , here in the garden .
i was n't looking for malva ; the ridge folk said that her ghost haunted the garden , wailing for her child .
i said a silent goodbye to the garden and went up the hill , toward the macdonalds ' cottage .
i walked in the sun now but still felt cold , the shadows of malva 's garden with me .
we worked through the day then , jamie fitting stones for the foundation , me digging the new garden and foraging through the woods , bringing back pipsissewa and black cohosh , mint and wild ginger to transplant .
stella stabs the ground again with my mother 's garden spade .
stella pauses mid - dig , my mother 's spade suddenly resembling a weapon more than a garden tool with that darkness radiating from her face .
just a tidbit of fatherly advice - once you start down that path , it 's like entering a savage garden .
vera bentley stopped by to drop off flowers from her garden , which is very bizarre since she never really speaks to me anymore .
the one that the hot waitress who could suck a golf ball through a garden hose could n't get rid of last night in the bathroom .
for years after his wife , my aunt mary , died , he kept up her rose garden , made sure that it flourished when nothing else did .
i ' m sure the roses here came from that garden .
my band , vintage , just opened for the mighty storm in madison square garden !
awkward in our silence and confused by his reaction , i start talking again , ` ` the night i caught them together was the night we opened for you at madison square garden .
just get me tickets to madison square garden when you guys make it . ''
chick could probably suck a fucking golf ball through a garden hose .
he had walked out across the patio , through the garden , and into the outdoor pool area .
alone in the middle of the modest stretch of grass that made up the modest back garden of his modest detached home .
the gravely injured bird and him in a frozen back garden that could have been the borders of the known universe for all he knew .
this reed made of stars was going to die right here , in his sad little back garden .
but also absurd that a crane with an arrow through its wing had landed in his back garden .
the crane was saying its goodbye , its thank you , its- and then he realised that the call had n't come from an impossible bird vanishing from his garden and life and out of the whole world for all he knew .
jesus christ , if you must know , a crane landed in my garden . '
he 'd first called her with a story she could n't quite follow about a bird landing in his back garden and then flying away , a story she 'd eventually convinced him must have been a dream , before suddenly announcing this morning that he 'd been seeing a new woman who 'd wandered into his shop .
' i came all the way out here to talk to him about his extraordinary art , and instead i ' m standing in a freezing garden in- ' she made another face ' -the suburbs . '
he was na**d against the frost - covered grass of his back garden .
but a live crane in his back garden with an arrow through its wing was also impossible .
did he really believe what happened in the garden after the fire ?
your avice in the four years since its inception the american wives ' club had met every two weeks at the elegant white stucco house on the edge of the royal botanic gardens , initially to help girls who had travelled from perth or canberra to while away the endless weeks before they were allowed a passage to meet their american husbands .
several placards were held aloft : ' god speed , audrey ' , ' good luck from the dockyard workers of garden island ' .
the garden is looking simply lovely , and my new borders are filling out nicely .
there 's around forty of them out and they ' ve brought down one of the fences , and there 's two tearing up what 's left of mum 's garden , so dad 's beating them with a stick , tears falling down his face , trying to prop up mum 's flowers .
the melbourne flower garden hotel , like many local establishments , did a brisk trade these days in what were known as ' extended checkouts ' .
' we got a river runs past the end of our garden .
a few gardens down terry blackstone had started singing along to a radio .
she put down the phone and sat heavily on the white plastic garden chair that had been there when they 'd moved in and had now grown a fine sheen of emerald moss .
he walked up to her with a sort of silent swagger so that she had to back slowly against the wall of the pub garden .
she cleaned because if she did n't she would stand in her overgrown little back garden , lift her face to the sky and scream and scream and scream and she was n't sure she 'd be able to stop .
jess made tanzie a sandwich and watched her wander away into the shady part of the little garden with the dog to do algorithms and told herself she would tell her about st anne 's tomorrow .
jess sat in the garage that always smelt of damp , even in high summer , surrounded by old garden furniture , bits of car , plastic buckets and spades and the empty boxes for air - conditioning units , letting the engine run and thinking .
the pub sat alone on the side of a bleak , windswept moor , and the mossy plastic garden furniture that stood outside its grey frontage suggested an absence of casual visitors or , perhaps , the triumph of hope over experience .
tanzie was running round and round the pub garden , shrieking happily .
he stopped and stared at it a couple of times , then stepped up onto a white plastic garden chair , presumably to get better reception .
' i figured if i put it there it 'll catch anyone who comes not just in your front garden but who hangs around outside .
he let norman into the garden and cleaned up after him .
she told her about the fishers , and their history with them , and the fact that she now had a daughter who was afraid to play in her own garden , even though jess had repaired the hole in the fence .
two evenings later , they sat in the garden on the old plastic furniture .
that confidence would slowly stretch to other people , to being in the garden .
i ' ve taken norman into the garden and thrown the ball for him eighty - six times this week .
they were draped between the victorian lampposts and strung in jagged spirals around the trees that bordered the communal gardens .
postman 's park was a small garden , created by a victorian philanthropist to mark the lives of ordinary heroes .
` ` or kew gardens .
on the other side of the gleaming modernistic building somebody had built a small rock garden , dotted with cacti and succulents .
the plan had worked well - indeed , the town crunched underfoot with valuables that had been hastily buried under gardens and pathways - until madame poilane hurried into the bar one brisk november morning and interrupted his daily game of dominoes with the news that a muffled chime was coming every quarter of an hour from underneath what remained of his carrots .
i shivered as i carried it the few yards down the side street to rene 's garden , and there i heard it : a muffled chime , signalling a quarter to twelve .
i watched the bombed and pitted borders give way to more orderly towns , where whole rows of houses existed without visible damage , their black beams strident against white render , their gardens filled with pruned shrubs and well - tended vegetable patches .
they sit there in the wintry garden , breathing in the inky air , listening to the muffled sound of his son 's laughter coming from the house .
you know as well as i do , once that monster goes up by the jetty , we 'll be little better than a shed at the end of their garden . '
i wanted her to have a father who would love her and swing her round by her hands in a garden , carry her on his shoulders and complain , good - humouredly , about her nappies .
some things , like when me and letty used to make camps in our bedroom , or when we used to run around in the garden and squirt the hose at each other , i try to keep in my head because i get worried that she 's fading away and soon i wo n't remember her .
a volvo estate stood in the drive , and pricy wooden play equipment in the damp garden .
i got through the tougher days because of my garden .
they say you only really appreciate a garden once you reach a certain age , and i suppose there is a truth in that .
there seems to be something miraculous about seeing the relentless optimism of new growth after the bleakness of winter , a kind of joy in the difference every year , the way nature chooses to show off different parts of the garden to its full advantage .
when they told me at the hospital that will would live , i walked outside into my garden and i raged .
i stood in my garden that cold evening and i hurled my large brandy twenty feet into the euonymus compactus and i screamed , so that my voice broke the air , bouncing off the castle walls and echoing into the distance .
two children picked one up and began running around the little garden with it over their heads .
i have trouble even persuading him to go into the garden . '
while we listened , and drank , i remember my sister stopping by the beer garden where we lay sprawled on the grass .
but the vegetable gardens were one of its hidden treasures , visited by few .
its secluded orchards and fruit gardens were separated by honeyed pea - shingle paths that will 's chair could negotiate quite happily .
mrs traynor gazed out of the windows , to where her precious garden had begun to bloom , its blossoms a pale and tasteful melding of pinks , mauves and blues .
we were in the garden .
sitting in the garden , now that it was warm .
occasionally , before the evening routine , they would go and sit at the end of the garden and nathan would crack open a couple of beers .
the line itself was hidden in what mrs traynor called the kitchen garden .
i found the triathlon terrors all in the beer garden , their two tables pushed together in a dappled corner , arms and legs spilling off the ends in sinewy pink angles .
the pub garden was full , with that peculiarly english mix of braying students and post - work salesmen in their shirtsleeves .
if they could put it into perspective , if they could just enjoy a sunny evening in a pub garden , then surely i should too .
the marquee was situated in a walled garden , the wrought - iron gateway into it intertwined with garlands of pale - pink flowers .
the sun grew fierce , the garden became a fragrant pit , people sheltered under dappled trees .
i took it , reached for my mobile phone and walked off into the further reaches of the garden .
i did some cleaning , made will 's bed with fresh sheets and picked some flowers from the garden , which i put in the living room .
or busied herself in her garden , cutting things down with frightening efficiency .
thomas gazed out of the upstairs bathroom window and wanted to know why there were people in our garden .
dad parked in ivy street and came home via the back garden , and we had a fairly serious talk about castles and boiling oil .
' go out the back door , through mrs doherty 's garden , and take the van .
there was a tiled floor and expensive rugs , and a sofa at the end that looked out on to a little garden .
will was half propped up in the bed , able to see out of the window to his left , where the water feature in the little garden merrily trickled a thin stream of clear water below the decking .
the ache in my chest grew as i made the familiar pilgrimage through the garden of multicolored stones .
` ` is that the house from midnight in the garden of good and evil ? ''
instantly , i felt like i was stepping right into the movie midnight in the garden of good and evil .
we enjoy drinks and hors d'oeuvres before my father calls everyone out into the garden area .
when dinner is finished , a band launches into its first set and everyone moves to the makeshift dance floor in the center of mum 's well - kept garden .
tables are spread throughout the garden beneath three enormous white canopies .
he held his hand out to me and i looked at it like it was the snake in the garden of eden .
` ` your mother wants me in the garden for some photos . ''
kiera had walked there because she lived around the block by the community gardens , but she was in no state to be walking anywhere at that moment .
~~~~~~~~~~ after begrudgingly waving good - bye to their friend , kiera and mo made their way to kiera 's house by the community gardens to forget about the past few months .
when we had been looking for venues for the wedding , harper had fallen in love with the garden and gazebo outside .
cursing , i turned away from the sight of my bandmates having a seemingly good time and glared out the window into the gardens shane and harper had gotten married in just a few hours ago .
there are many vast garden bridges spanning the reservoirs , these too set ablaze at night , and it always amuses the spider how the joining of each bridge with its watery reflection creates the illusion of a perfect fiery eye .
this is aphrodites pleasure palace , a bejewelled wonderland of garden terraces , ornate citadels , and blue onion turrets that glow like the enchanted turbans of genies .
waterfalls cascade from one splendid level to the next , pooling into small garden lakes that glitter and twinkle beneath artificial moonlight .
she follows him along scented garden paths , past bushes sculpted into the semblance of fornicating animals ; phallic fountains spurting blue - green arcs of water into the perfumed air .
here and there a glimpse of naked flesh through breaks in the foliage , muted cries of pleasure , the sound of debauchery blending with the ambient noise of night time gardens .
she indicates the garden around them , alive with carnal secrecy .
thu - thank you , goddess , the youth sounds anything but grateful as he leads the spider through a floral arch and out onto the sprawling lawns of the summer garden .
aphrodites mortal guests wear exotic costume in a vain attempt to be noticed in this garden of gargantuan egos .
a ripple of fear spreads outwards , starting with those nearest her and swiftly encompassing the whole garden .
* she is aware of the seraph watching her from a sparsely populated part of the garden .
moons ago i attended mass in your garden temples .
oyeji informs the spider of proposed garden projects in her home city of abyssinia .
reflections of a night time garden on the second floor of the workshop i stared at the outline of the secret door .
instead it seemed to look into a garden of exquisite floral designs ; a stately garden bathed in moonlight , a white walled palace overlooking it in the distance .
instead it seemed to look into a garden of exquisite floral designs ; a stately garden bathed in moonlight , a white walled palace overlooking it in the distance .
perhaps an hour passed , perhaps only five minutes , but it seemed like forever as i stared into this enigma , looking through its gilded frame at the impossible garden that lay beyond .
i could still see the garden through the mirror frame .
something was not right ; the scent of garden flowers was growing sickly sweet , overwhelming , the breezes that came through the mirror became dry and parched and the sound of night time birds took on an ominous , dead quality .
something was moving in the night time garden , i was certain of it , slyly flitting from shadow to shadow as it approached the mirror from the other side .
the garden in the mirror was turning blood red ; a hell light was seeping out into the office , washing over everything .
i could nt stop thinking about the mirror , the passage between helia street and copper lane , the night time garden and the piano that summoned other realities .
it is a physical monument to the gods ; an all - seeing , all - knowing , city of sublime capitals and turquoise onion turrets , a city of upward flowing waterfalls and pleasure gardens in paradoxical free - fall , a city of summer lakes and floating pagodas and white and blue marbled temples .
bridges and garden tiers shimmer like the articulations of a distant mirage .
* a rainbow sky - bridge soars half a kilometre above the forest gardens of asgaard .
* i have dined well and feel relaxed as i disembark the steamship close to the gardens of epona in south cognitia .
rejecting the offer of a personal guide , i enter the gardens through the west gate and make my own way along the many convoluted paths .
the verdict lady aphrodite , i join the sensual goddess in a garden enclosure adjoining the main courthouse .
its balcony gardens were arranged in continuous tiers that rose along the immense face of the building , support columns resembling the massive over ground roots of banyan trees .
immense courtyards chequer the grounds of the palace , bordered by rising terraces and ornate balustrades , fabulous gardens shaped into the twelve signs of the zodiac , watched over by giant turtles and lions cast in bronze .
* when she can see again , she finds herself in a most extraordinary garden filled with chrysanthemums the size of small buildings , rose shrubs tall as skyscrapers , emperor lilies hanging like perfumed vulva from their many thorned branches .
it is a garden for giants .
no matter how many times she comes here , the garden of gethsemane never fails to astound her .
the entire garden is a multi - portal interface , simultaneously solid and infinitely porous .
mortals are rarely granted access to the gardens whilst demigods are restricted to specific areas , but the spiders divine status gives her access to all sections but the inigo , located in the very heart of the garden .
mortals are rarely granted access to the gardens whilst demigods are restricted to specific areas , but the spiders divine status gives her access to all sections but the inigo , located in the very heart of the garden .
these concerns uppermost in her mind , desdemona sets out along a garden path made of paving stones the size of shopping plazas .
her central mind follows the main tunnel down into horticultural records where it begins accessing boring ai - approved data on the history of gardens , future park projects , and everything else from plant care to fungal remedies .
her minds meet in noiseless collision , merging , blending ; the data beetle wriggling in the centre of her awareness as she explodes upwards , back towards the garden of gethsemane .
and then she is punching through a soft membranous wall and suddenly she is sucked up a slipstream tunnel at enormous velocity , leaving the scharcs behind as she is swept back up into the safety of the garden , the data beetle , her prize , still wriggling in the centre of her mind .
hanalenes bundle included a wooden comb and a small vial of smellgoods made from herbs in her garden .
six months later she looked at the old house and the overgrown garden between the house and the barn .
* * * joshua loved the garden , but hated feeding the chickens and milking the cow .
thanks as we rise up into the sky a garden appears in between the set of four connected skyscrapers .
they were taking a mental break the day following their arrival , strolling about the lockerly arboretum ; forty - five acres of gardens , trails , and forest .
say , i could nt help but admire your garden right over there .
say , i feel uncomfortable going into someone elses garden .
mad annie had been off the porch to look at the people working on the gardens , but that was a long time ago and it was in the direction she was used to focusing her power .
the two of them went even further in making the shacks into cabins with fireplaces inside and gave their slaves time off from farm duties so that they could work on their own homes and gardens .
beyond the fence were grounds filled with colorful flowers , decorative stone pavers , and shrubbery that lent beauty and grace to the archmages gardens .
bright green trees , stone planters , bird baths , and other decorative garden accessories lay scattered through the area .
their lush foliage clustered in pockets throughout the tower , forming miniature gardens and oases from the once - bustling seat of the galactic government .
enormous metal archways spanned the upper reaches of the atrium that contained the council chambers , once softly lit by flowering gardens and simulated daylight , it was now a place full of darkened recesses and foreboding expanses .
a prerecorded asaris voice announced their location , level seven justicar gardens .
justicar gardens .
placing a healing hand on shepards back , anderson motioned for her to follow him as he wheeled himself towards a ramp that provided access to the lush garden below .
as they slowly made their way through the garden , shepard realized that they were passing what looked like tombstones that had been recessed into shaded nooks and secluded grottos .
from justicar gardens to the avenue of tribute where they now found themselves , it was becoming clear that the collective species fundamental outlooks had changed .
the time just flew by , and for once i was actually enjoying myself pottering around in the garden .
to top it all off , i find myself relaxing after enjoying myself in the garden .
i spent the next couple of hours pottering around the garden , hoping that i would be able to take my restless mind off all of the recent strange events .
feeling defeated , i got myself a beer from the fridge and took it to the recliner in the back garden .
not only that , but i could also see more of the surroundings which now took in the garden as well as a house .
the day itself was glorious and sunny , albeit a rather cold friday afternoon , and i recall that the sheep in the nearby field were being exceptionally noisy as i took the phone out into the garden .
i was not in my garden , i was in the lab , but this is the place that i can now remember from that weird and vivid dream that i had the other night .
i was no longer in my garden at all .
uncertain about how the next few days would unfold , i decided that in between my pottering in the garden and repairing my lancia , i would spend a few hours on the internet and see if i could spend my money on a boat .
around the car , he walked to a rack full of garden tools hanging off the unfinished wall .
running his hand back in forth along the long tools , he grasped a garden shovel , a hoe , and tree saw .
they arrived at an aromatic garden with a courtyard and an angelic fountain , which spurted bursts of water that misted into vibrant colours overhead .
he saw labyrinthian garden trails and huge leafy palm trees bending in the direction of a flaming sunset that burned into the calm ocean .
no fall from the garden , no end of the world , no awareness of the triumph of death in the material world .
mikes neighbor estrella was already at work in her garden .
so for now he d just brew his tea , tend his herb garden , and wait for the news from boffin syznic .
61 : piltdown man august 22 thor staged the signing of the defense appropriations bill in the rose garden .
synchronicity , or just good old - fashioned garden variety serendipity ?
adam moved closer to the window and picked up a small shovel from the garden .
he distracted himself for the first tense minutes by admiring the well tended gardens which covered the hundred square miles of space port ground , what of it lay outside of the gates concrete blast radii .
the lady at the marketplace said the tobacco just arrived from garden point .
the hydroponic garden and fish farm were also in base two .
the twin blue plasma thrusters from the freighter , glowing like mad wild flowers in a black garden .
i had a garden . '
it was oval in shape , with a covered lush garden with a water fountain in the middle of it .
dillow said , ' that has the power to turn this glorified sandcastle into the garden of eden . '
there s a row of houses with hedges , and we did it again , right opposite pizza hut , right in someones front garden .
as he breathed out , he pulled the rubber strips back almost to arms length , imagined he was aiming at a single letter on a label on the smallest tin can perched on his garden wall , and let go .
` ` yes , they 're sat out in a garden just talking . ''
instead she thought back to that day , all four of them sat in the garden .
she and janey had left sara and jemma in the garden , and that is the last she remembered .
several people , men and women were outside , tending the gardens and the grounds .
perhaps they could lie in the garden , one of the lower of the seven .
i advise you to plant lots of lettuces when you get your garden going ! '
' but a big , red bus is not going to have kew gardens for breakfast , then london zoo as a light snack before lunch ; trees , bushes , screaming children , big fat mamas , giraffes , monkeys , crocodiles , elephants and eleven year old girls , the lot ! '
' where would you like your vegetable garden ? '
' with ginger nuts , yes , that would be delicious , but let 's get your garden dug first .
i draw a plan of the garden and mark out where the corn , beans , tomatoes , potatoes and last , but certainly not least , lettuces will go .
they monitor the growth of every plant , then just when you decide the day has come to have a tossed salad , you ' ve had slugs in your garden !
by the end of the afternoon the fence is up with tight green mesh dug deep into the ground , and the garden is planted , seeds and seedlings in neat little rows and a compost bin in the back corner .
i work in my garden for the rest of the day , digging away energetically to make more space for lettuces .
when zeus does n't turn up , i work in the garden for an hour then cook breakfast for myself .
huge amounts of money were spent of temples , churches and mosques ; beautiful but absolutely useless , when money could have been spent on building beautiful schools , arenas and gardens . '
the picture on the screen zooms out to show the whole of mulo , with the lovely enclosed garden , the cottage tucked in behind the fortifications and the lighthouse standing proudly , topped by a red dome and wind vane .
we start with freshly squeezed orange juice , then have bacon and eggs with beans , garnished with a sprig of parsley from my herb garden and lashings of black pepper , ground chunky .
i find myself standing in the middle of the walled garden .
the steel shutters on the gun ports are open , giving a glimpse of the sparkling sea and letting a cool breeze into the garden .
it 's the most beautiful garden i ' ve ever seen .
sometimes i just sit and enjoy the garden , and listen to the cicadas .
sometimes i do n't see azziz and jesus for weeks , other times they 're around for espressos every morning , catching fish with me and helping in the garden .
lettuces are worth more than their weight in gold so they help me to extend the garden to make space for more .
i work around the house and garden .
now i awake to the crowing of my rooster and have the gentle clucking of the hens for company when i work in the garden .
with the arrival of spring , i spend long hours in the garden , digging , weeding and planting but always find time to enjoy camillo , to visit the paddock , to walk up to the top of the bluff and look out to sea , and to walk along the beach to visit azziz and jesus .
jesus , who does n't feel the cold , spends most of his time out surfing , but if the wind or waves are wrong , i help him in his garden .
we drag seaweed up from the beach to compost the garden and plant onions between the lettuces .
i look after my garden , especially the lettuces .
the lettuces seem to just disappear , one day the garden is full of them , the next morning there 's none , just a trail of slime around the garden and a few chewed stalks .
the lettuces seem to just disappear , one day the garden is full of them , the next morning there 's none , just a trail of slime around the garden and a few chewed stalks .
pollux says that they 're mercenary friends of marios who got to know petra when they built the fortifications on mulo , the strong walls that protected the beautiful garden .
agnes , wearing a brown skirt that comes annoyingly just beyond her knees , is walking around the garden with petra being shown the vegetables and other plants .
it 's almost more than i can bear , petra slowly escorting agnes around the garden , enthusiastically talking about this and that , unaware that in a few minutes she will probably be wearing a bullet in the heart .
when they reach petra 's special spot at the bottom of the garden , hidden from sight behind the bamboo thicket , agnes pulls out the gun and points it at petra .
the house , the lighthouse , and the garden are obliterated , and the walls shattered and broken .
i soon wish i 'd stayed home weeding the garden or cleaning the toilet or some other horrible job .
' excellent , well get a lamb , dig up some potatoes and parsnips , and see what greens you have in the garden . '
i cook the fish , baking it in foil with sliced peppers , lemons and herbs , and serve it up with yummy new potatoes from freud 's garden .
petra moves stealthily through the room and out through a large doorway to the garden .
i dodge to the right to avoid it and jump over the fence to the vegetable garden .
there was a cut in her side , slashed clumsily ; there was a pair of grisly garden shears lying on the bed beside her knee .
one of those reteerg spaceships landed in a grassy area in the mughal gardens .
the reteerg spaceship parked in a grassy area in the mughal gardens was quiet .
the indian army was in full force with tanks while they had a secured perimeter around the gardens .
pristine green lawns and well - trimmed flower gardens offered pride for the middle class neighborhood .
it was an office but it was a garden , as well .
this way , said john paul , and he led them through the garden office to a large , arched doorway , shielded by a snowy - white raster that looked like a tv screen with no picture .
all that was left was a brick wall and a garden .
so , i left off at a brick wall and a garden .
as before , for just a moment , a glimpse of exotic , colorful garden came into view through the hole left by it .
ahead , the most beautiful garden he had ever seen waited .
beyond these garden walls where teardrops shape and fall such radiant treasure win to die is to have sinned for markman , it was ominous .
a strange silence came over the awesome , colorful beauty of the garden .
the crashing of trees and brush intensified , moving in his direction until the trampling finally reached the edge of the garden .
now the garden was being crushed by something big , but to markmans amazement no creature was visible .
after a final careful look around , he followed his tracks back toward the garden .
damage to the gate and garden had vanished .
markman carefully stepped up , always scanning the garden .
nearby , a huge dish - shaped facility seemed to float above a garden .
colored stone walkways criss - crossed through lawns and gardens decorated with elaborate fountains and statues .
white stone structures were everywhere , decorated by green grass and gardens .
the placard on the gate to the garden .
farther ahead , another man was on a riding lawn mower while his wife worked in a flower garden along the front of their home .
mrs . klavdias just come out to the garden .
the kitchen door and windows opened to the herb and vegetable garden and more often than not they were left ajar to let the breeze through .
between her father and her aunts , by the time she was ten sarah became some sort of gardening expert ; she never figured if it was her early developmental years or a true passion for plant life that pushed her in this direction , all she knew and was going to manifest faithfully throughout her life was that nothing made her as happy as being in the garden .
in the modest garden surrounding the edifice i first saw the dirt of our promise . ''
our schedule is as follows : from eight till three we work in the gardens , from four till seven we study in the library .
sarah took her wretched self back to the garden , went through the remainder of the day in silence and cried herself to sleep .
they walked to the edge of the garden to a patch of dirt that screamed to anybody who grew up on a farm ` ` do n't waste your efforts , i ' m sterile soil with no nutrients '' .
some of the open loops attracted the many birds of the neighborhood and between the nests and the clusters of hanging fruit from various other plants that started using the openwork for support the lacy green second surface took on a life of its own , a brave new world within arm 's reach , floating over head like the miraculous suspended gardens of semiramis .
the birds flocked in the sky above the experimental farm , finding comfort and shelter in this unusual man made jungle , and their colorful noisy groups attracted the curiosity and photographic interest of neighbors and tourists alike , making it difficult for the sisters to work around the crowds that seemed to devise ever more innovative means to find their way back into the quasi - cloistered garden .
sarah walked through the racket of this three dimensional green space with strange detachment , her flame colored hair catching every ray of sunshine and reflecting it amplified , like an angelic vision in the garden of eden , charting progress , recording growth patterns and anticipating results .
she also realized that for the other people participating in the mission she too was sarah with the anaerobic bacterial cultures , for them the angel hair child that hid in the doorway leading from the kitchen to the herb garden and listened to the nuns talk about their day never existed .
everybody took for granted the simple happiness of our old stone building and more than anything , our magical suspended garden .
the memory of their suspended garden brought a smile to sarah 's lips and all of a sudden the barrenness surrounding her disappeared and left way to images of wonderful songbirds , butterflies and fragrance .
she knelt on the soft brick dust facing one of the suns , closed her eyes and started going over beautiful images in her mind , memories from her childhood , sounds of her brothers giggling and chasing each other around the tree with the tree house in it , herself as a little girl hiding in the doorway between the kitchen and the herb garden at the monastery listening in to the nuns ' conversations , her grandparents house with the famous touch table , the transparent rose .
their little camp was expanding with real homes for everyone and lush green gardens and social spaces , it was n't like she was going to bring children into a desert world .
an arrow shaft of light the lit clearing had now degenerated into a beer garden , the first hitch in their project occurred as the alcohol flowed around several heads that could nt handle it .
dr . horvath had been so proud of her flower garden , before the polluted air and water had killed it off .
each was trimmed carefully every day by botanical garden associate , according to the signs .
the garden employee nodded .
not noticing , the garden employee went on , you see , the process can only be conducted on three melons per plant before a new plant has to be started .
this is because the constriction is actually quite traumatic to the plants circulatory system i need to get the fuck out of here , joey said suddenly , flashing bright blue and making the garden worker jump back .
andrea , you were in the garden and i went over to ask for help , and then it all came rising up .
doing goodjust buying some fertilizer for the spring garden , you know .
the ambient noise of the garden center piped in from joeys speaker .
even something as simple as a garden gnome takes on an alien form and resembles a slimerot slinker .
if the disguised garden gnome actually happens to be a slimerot slinker , then you 'd have nothing to fear .
franklin checked the vegetables in the garden , picking some turnips to feed the goats in the adjacent pen .
# the displaced people of lancaster spent the rest of the day in the garden .
so , we are going to start right now to plant our garden and to protect it from animals , robbers , zombies , and drought .
he already told them that they would be spending three hours a day on the garden , devoting themselves to planting , aerating , weeding , and fencing the produce off from deer , rabbits , squirrels , and other predators .
they laughed and continued preparing the garden for a crop of fresh beans .
sure , he was a kind of dictator over them , but they were like delicate little green peas in this new garden from hell that fortune had cast them inside of , and they needed someone to lead them and teach them the ropes before they died at the hands of the deadly menace that was all over pennsylvania and might be moving directly toward them with malevolence in its heart .
some biters were also entering the garden where they would sleep and attack people coming to weed and pick vegetable crops .
the wilson safe house and its gardens and roads would soon be cleared of many more of these ex - human hazards to their existence .
the people ate them along with roasted carrots , celery , potatoes , mushrooms , and other vegetables raised in their gardens .
she pulled out the sketch of the map and noticed that the lake was next to garden of the gods ; it must be valley reservoir .
i could see quite clearly even from this distance each beautiful manicured garden , all with brightly coloured flowers and shrubs basking in the sunshine .
each garden was surrounded by high white stone walls with ornate iron gates set at intervals within them .
we walked through into a beautiful courtyard garden with an ornate fountain set at its centre depicting some kind of school of leaping fish , the water outlets trickling from of their open mouths .
as we walked through the garden the aromas and scents of the various plants made my nose tingle for many species grew in the various flower beds and some wove their way through the wrought iron work , up the walls and across the space between , where rope cords had been strung to encourage their growth .
as she turned away her eyes downcast i thought i saw wetness there , i wanted to say something but jonas held the arm of his mistress and with a concerned look upon his face led her back through the gate and into the garden beyond .
i look on these links as pathways through a garden , where the garden gate is unlocked and we can enter , but the house itself we do not hold the key for , a kind of midway point if you like .
within the quiver the arrows sit partially in that world and partially in this , imagine then that they are in the garden of which i spoke .
once removed , taken through the garden gate if you will , they form fully into this world .
a link placed within the quiver allows me to draw them across the void between the worlds , to reach into the garden and take them through the gate .
we entered the palace compound and found ourselves within a walled area of formal gardens .
there was a garden of sorts surrounding the place , mostly vegetables grew there in neatly laid out plots , but also some wild flowers which i recognised as being the same as many we had passed during our journey up from gwldln .
some believed in a garden of pleasures , for the righteous , or a flaming pit , for those who were unfaithful .
my lord we do not have enough food as it is , our hydroponics gardens are producing slightly more than the population is consuming .
for the next few days joshua tended to things around ruth 's brothers house , like minor repairs to the fence , working the garden , feeding the animals .
she replied : there was no knowledge to know at the time of their arrival , the creator provided all things for them , they had no need for knowledge only obedience , but eve did nt like being separated from adam at night , all the male animals slept on the east side of the garden with adam , and the females all slept on the west side of the garden with eve .
she replied : there was no knowledge to know at the time of their arrival , the creator provided all things for them , they had no need for knowledge only obedience , but eve did nt like being separated from adam at night , all the male animals slept on the east side of the garden with adam , and the females all slept on the west side of the garden with eve .
when they were kicked out of the garden , she slept with adam every night afterwards .
not only were they ejected from the garden , all the animals were also .
i knew there was an exit at the back which would lead out to an alleyway from where i could either climb the wall into the gardens behind or run down the alley and get emirhan at the kebab shop to let me escape through his kitchen .
i found minos being furtive in the garden , he was burying something .
i went out into the garden and watched the leaves dancing around .
he had a huge house on the north side , away from the river , four storeys hidden inside a large garden behind larger walls and an imposing gate .
we could nt agree on what we wanted , i wanted a view and minos wanted a garden .
it showed a group of people at a kind of garden party in some symbolic , heavenly realm .
she flicked the small piece of old paint into the garden below and somehow minos managed to get his eye underneath it .
there was a large , secured door baring our way at the end of a corridor that opened into a large garden under a glass dome .
i rode around to the back of the hotel and came in through the garden with my security code so as not to set off any alarms .
they passed over several villages with wooden houses and surrounded by vegetable gardens , and several men and women working in the gardens .
they passed over several villages with wooden houses and surrounded by vegetable gardens , and several men and women working in the gardens .
its the garden of eden , all over again !
he did nt get the serpent bit , of course , because he did nt know you d turned into a dragon , but he said to me last week that having you here was a bit like having god walking in the garden of eden .
dawn thought it magical , and as she walked alone along the shore of one of the lakes on their first afternoon there she could nt help thinking about that strange genesys message that rick had dreamed up in his office all those months ago , that she and the dolphins were like the garden of eden story played out all over again .
dawn could see why these people called this place paradise , for it was a veritable garden of eden .
along with the rest of the vast congregation , dawn was not standing in the garden itself but was gazing at it from behind the glass wall of a wide enclosure that extended almost a quarter of the way around the rim of the ship .
you ve got a big garden for all those beehives , and well use some of those spare rooms in your house to breed donna !
she flew through the wall into the garden outside .
they left the house by the back door and walked across a neat , narrow garden .
it was a collective garden of some sort .
one man looked at me , then at the hill , back and forth ; until he saw me staring and then knelt over again , busying himself in the garden .
he warned , standing up in front of one of the gardens .
he placed it down carefully on the ground , showing respect to its inherent danger ; and then knelt down at the garden , starting to work .
i sat down beside him , watching his hands as he tended the garden .
she was working on the garden .
he continued his work in the garden .
but i have examined tiny insects here in the garden , they are amazing .
he continued to busy himself in the garden .
i do nt need any skills to come and steal from other gardens .
it is the fall now ; i have learnt it will soon be time to put the garden to sleep for the winter .
the winter is a time for the garden to rest .
disoriented , he walked next to a wall of scrap metal and as he turned around , were all kinds of other wastelike leftover construction materials , tires , old statues , lots of garden stuffs , and other items .
the halls of the grid , and the occasional open garden , bustled with activity 24/7 .
i walked up the steps carrying my wooden sword , past the statue of saigo takamori walking his dog and up to the long lanes of trees and gardens .
i slung the pack on , my shoulder killing me as i pulled out a molotov and started for the walkway past the polar bear cage and the deeper part of the east garden section of the zoo .
after a few running steps i saw that it was closed for construction and turned for the path that headed to the west garden section .
upon closer inspection the windows were actually doors that led to a stone patio overlooking a garden .
welcome back , good people of the garden state .
charlie watched chawn slowly walk out into the open dirt behind the truck and crane his head back , to scan the blossoming gardens of the moonless night sky .
i was going to bury her in our garden when it was dark .
its garden looked like one you could see greek gods prancing gleefully about in .
we sat on the rail on the outdoor roof garden for quite a few hours .
fortunately , they would not have a great deal of work to do , they would just have to manage the on - board systems , see to the maintenance of h3 and now the extra hydroponic garden in the shuttle bay which latter had enabled them to have an adequate , if not over - generous diet .
he saw them once , out the window of the acorn palace , in a garden , aluese leading the torn - winged girl towards a bench near a fountain in the sun .
he who walked in that garden , who claimed to be god , he lied .
this garden is it the same one ?
the garden where our masters spoke to humans ?
it was in eden , and east of eden , but yes , that garden is still there , i believe .
it was , aesthetically , very pleasing , as though someone had brought an underwater garden into the room .
i looked over at arthur , who smiled like a proud two - year - old , bearing the trademark two - year - old gift of a sandy weed from the garden .
amendment , sounds like something i do with my garden compost .
do you mean by adam , the one in the garden of eden ?
she was nt particularly an elvis fan , but it beat those lame arsed lifestyle shows they had on like better houses and garden pergolas .
this little garden sits behind two buildings , a small walkway the only access point from the terrace .
a man made and well - tended garden , it was divided into several parts .
on either side of this are garden benches , wooden and painted green .
running the width of the garden and dividing two blocks from the other two , was a thin stream of water , ending on one side with a waterfall , disappearing off the edge of the garden , the other another fountain , supplying the stream with fresh water .
running the width of the garden and dividing two blocks from the other two , was a thin stream of water , ending on one side with a waterfall , disappearing off the edge of the garden , the other another fountain , supplying the stream with fresh water .
there is a beauty to these gardens that lasts the year round .
it was like some kind of garden of eden .
the moment russell stepped into the garden that day , everything seemed to brighten up .
garden or no garden , they had gardeners to look after it , who did russell have ?
garden or no garden , they had gardeners to look after it , who did russell have ?
then he recalled the pathway that ran the length of the garden , behind the central fountain and along the side of the building .
so hopefully they would nt have caused too much damage to the garden .
dan noticed trayn scanning the surrounding houses and gardens , looking for those following jamie .
a bang from the back garden interrupts us and we both run to the back window and peep out through the curtains .
we spend our days keeping a watch over the street out front , watching the back garden slowly fill with the dead , and talking about the past .
the growls from the back garden intensify when they see the glow from the telly so i quickly flip it back to off .
they do nt seem to know how to get back out of the garden , and they seem pretty pissed with the fact of being stuck .
the garden is crammed full with zombies , deaders , whatever you want to call them .
ben nudges me and points to a corner of the garden .
the pile of ash in the back garden only serves to prove that hell kill zombies .
lago daverno , a doorway to the center of the world enclosed by the garden of eden .
i could sit in the garden for hours , a whole day .
one of my favourite places , aside from summer days in the gardens , was the san marco church .
at the far end of the long , narrow garden , was a brilliant sphere of white light , roughly the height of a tall man .
often she would let the terrier , renamed ' sniffer ' after the kids had flown the coop , due to what mrs roberts believed to be an excellent nose for town politics ( or at least the gardens in which those politics were discussed ) decide on the route of his morning walk .
the rest of the walk proved to be a disappointing affair , mostly quiet houses and empty gardens , the residents of st . davids opting to stay in the warmth of their beds for as long as possible before their varying responsibilities dragged them out into the cold , misty morning .
as a means of trespassing on the property of other people it was foolproof , so much so that people often thanked her for coming to pull her dog out of their garden before it decided to start dropping presents on their lawn .
mrs roberts was just mulling over this , when the garden offered up another odd sight that caught her attention .
had father leary killed his wife , planning to bury her under the garden like some character in a soap opera ?
hauling the wriggling terrier , mrs roberts set off for home , determined that sniffer would learn that bad dogs could contemplate the consequences of their actions tied to a post in the cold garden , and on an empty stomach .
on broad street , it filled the small , perfectly manicured garden of the roberts house , hiding from view the small terrier leashed to a drainpipe and muting his snarling rage at his sudden captivity .
the garden was about thirty feet long and fairly narrow .
still , for that one month , she became obsessed , devouring all the amazing events that took place under the baking georgia sun , before rushing out to try to replicate them in her garden or the local park , staying out for as long as the remnants of the summer sun would allow , before hurrying home through the gloom in a vain attempt to avoid her mother 's wrath at her staying out so late and arriving home long after dinner had cooled .
for a moment rachel felt as though a small , manic laugh might escape her lips as she watched her friend fall from the wall into the neighbouring garden .
rachel screamed with her friend then , screamed until the neighbours and her father rushed into their gardens , their faces ashen as they saw little jeanette torn apart in the wrecked greenhouse .
in the gardens opposite her , she could see elderly women , their hair still in curlers , preparing for their usual trip out for afternoon lunch , a young mother rocking a squalling baby in her arms , a family huddling together , the two young boys that had been spending their school holiday tethered to their game consoles finally torn back into the real world .
there were perhaps fifty people on the street , or standing in their gardens .
external stimuli drew them in as a lit garden would draw insects at night .
victor had not placed the traps for them , and the careful artistry of the design and layout of his garden of death was wasted on the drooling imbeciles , which was a shame .
but it was unlikely now that the swat teams he had expected to be killing in his garden would ever come .
little more than a garden .
the butcher ran straight into the radiator grille as if it were nothing more threatening than a garden sprinkler , and disappeared in a cloud of blood that filled the windscreen .
many nights , bina woke from her sleep with the dreams still clinging onto her like the cobwebs that sprawled across the doorway of their garden shed .
people were scattering on the streets like the fire ants that used to seek safety from the garden hose she used to wield on in the backyard of her childhood home .
but in the end he had found the garden and that redeemed everything .
henry wiped away his silent tears and as he thought about the garden he found hope for the first time since his grandfather died six months before .
where the front lawn should have been was the largest garden henry had ever seen , an intricate wrought iron fence enclosing the entire thing .
henry thought it should be in a museum instead of adorning this garden in suburbia .
henry was amazed by the garden before him .
he knew how much work it was to maintain a small garden , with all the trimming and weed pulling .
he turned to leave , but caught a flicker of movement in the garden , he turned back hoping it was someone he could ask about the fruit , but no one was there .
he stood at the gate , his fingers wrapped around the bars gazing into the garden .
henry was happy to be free of school for another day and headed to the garden feeling pretty good about his day .
he decided to jog to the garden so he could have more time .
the first couple days after finding the garden he had been late getting home .
so in order to avoid this odious punishment he had started jogging to the garden so he could spend a few more minutes there before heading home .
for a corporeal spirit capable of inhabiting a host of vessels he was overly attached to the armor and garden .
i will make sure that he repairs the damage that was done to the garden before he is allowed to continue to the next step she said with out turning around .
after being caught in the garden they had no way of knowing if henrys parents had gotten involved .
the garden was harder to shovel because of the flagstone paths .
henry was looking into a lush green garden filled with flowering plants , and water features .
the walls were made from the same finely grained marble that henry had seen in the garden outside the house , but this was not engraved or sculpted just shaped into blocks .
the heart of the gateway was the same rose covered marble arch he had seen outside the entrance to the garden in ms . roberts yard .
like a flash of light , henry understood that the garden gate was also a gateway .
you know roberts , i mean i know she took you on your first gate this morning , but wait , you ve been in her garden ?
there was one wall of windows looking out into another garden , filled with different types of trees , and flowers .
ill buy you lunch today , but only if you promise to tell me how you got into the garden , and buy me lunch tomorrow .
now , no changing the subject , we had a deal you promised to tell me about the garden , how did you get in ?
henry was not sure where to start , he did nt really know much about the garden .
i have seen the garden from outside the gate , but there are only two ways in , and out of the garden ; one is through the house , and the other is through the front gate .
for instance we were becoming friends , and then you thought about me opening the garden gate a second ago , i could see that everything changed .
she turned her front yard into a garden for nathan , so she could look after him , she said .
she enjoyed the winter in chicago ; she stood on the sidewalk looking into the garden at the tree that lived there .
she was pulling into the parking lot in front of the glass shop across the street from the garden .
from the orientation of the elevator , and every thing else henry judged that the terminal was below the street , and garden in front of roberts house across the street .
i admit , i had not predicted you , a human of your age , coming from a family with no connection to the gates what so ever wandering into a garden accidentally .
i have wanted to taste one ever since i saw them in her garden , he said laughing , he was so happy he was giddy .
he thought of the roses that adorned the gates in the terminal , and on the garden at roberts house , he realized that roses had played a very large part in his life lately .
it was hard for him to say after all he had never actually spoken to the man , he had seen him in the garden many times , but did nt really know anything about him the way amica did .
i glance out the window at the rose garden arena , where jefferson cooper grins back from his re - election billboard .
when we reach the transit center by the rose garden arena , bailey gets up , taking my hand to pull me with her .
http : //bit.ly / mi_boxset1smashwords * * * authors note : those of you who live in the portland area will know that the rose garden has been renamed after a company i do nt choose to advertise in this book .
fifty years from now , its unlikely this company will still have a contract with the rose garden owners successor .
lisa has no spare time , but if she did shed use it to tend to her expansive perennial garden , watch medical dramas , take long walks after dark , and teach her cats to play poker .
we sit down on the reclining seats overlooking the exotic gardens beneath .
we walk downstairs and onto the beautiful tropical garden , away from the others .
i start to swat away their fingers almost like they re garden bugs .
cautiously , strang moved through the garden onto the road , his feet sinking in the pristine white blanket .
floating mansion ships with their own gardens , ice palaces in the desert kept intact by vast cooling units , vast chess stadiums which could seat a hundred thousand .
they mounted gentle , sloped hills , and the simple stone cottages gave way to grander homes and lush gardens .
you pick up a loose red brick from the small garden outside the front door , feel the weight of the brick with your right hand , and then throw it through the windshield in one epic smash , sending a thousand little pieces of glass all over the place and setting off the alarm .
two ni - perchta males are spraying something on this tree using an old garden hose connected to a small tank .
so we used the botanical gardens .
the palace of new versailles rested on a high manmade plateau surrounding by exotic arboretums and japanese - style gardens .
pird , being mindful of the man 's garden , scaled the opposite wall and jumped down into yet another street .
-the four under the foundings marydin toiled away in her garden .
this is what happens to my poor garden when mr . all knowing of the house has to have the back room redone to have guests over !
stupid damned rotten garden !
there were many gardens , some of them private ; there were galleries , terraces and open courts .
edging these paths were narrow gardens carefully tended by the initiates and planted with flowers and herbs indigenous to yarilo .
lodestok had gone for a long walk in the colonnaded gardens , his brain busy mulling over possible conquests in the future .
~~~ that evening , four men stood silently outside the conclave hall , on the shallow broad steps that led to terraced gardens .
~~~ daxel stood in a garden on the morning ortok was sacked .
as they rode further into the city they saw residences for the more affluent , horseshoe - shaped and surrounded by landscaped gardens .
the wealthier desert lords had houses with white marble exteriors , portico - type entrances and columns that supported archways to courtyards and gardens .
next he saw a large garden with a series of courts and pavilions that all led off one another .
~~~ they looked down on a charming city that spread for miles in all directions , mostly terraced , where chlorien could see huge sprawling trees and myriad tended gardens .
elegant buildings sprawled gracefully under arching trees , with gardens and miniature lakes .
lawns and gardens swept from the sides of the building and beyond .
instead , he went to the gardens , where , still in his desert clothes , he sat motionless , head in hands and mind in complete disharmony .
it 's like a return to the garden of eden god 's original plan for the human race . ''
they would , however , take time to recline amongst the many gardens , and just soak in the peace and beauty of their new environment from time to time .
large , manicured rock gardens were spread around the area .
there was a small lake ( smaller than parrens ) , a wooded area , and formal gardens .
they came to one of the gardens populated with huge flowers , most over two meters tall .
not the store bought kind , but glass mason jars of jams , jellies , fruit , and every conceivable vegetable one might grow in a home garden .
that farm southwest of here , milo mentioned it had a garden .
just think of all the stuff we can do with electricity again , kalee said wistfully , i could use electric pumps in the hydroponic garden !
i walked past the partially built hydroponic garden , a lattice of metal tubes and containers suspended two floors up , just below the atrium skylight .
i found myself on the roof , next to kalee 's container garden .
they all sported vegetable plants transplanted from area gardens .
he looked around the shamba and could see that rosy had not been tending the garden as she should have .
jorge jiminez let his face harden into a mask , the same expression he wore when the boss man , mr . wilcox , ordered him to shovel llama manure into the flower garden .
the corn swayed slightly in the garden , the tassels just beginning to turn golden .
the shed was cluttered with garden and carpentry tools , a ladder , a wheelbarrow , and milk crates full of wires , electrical outlets , and metal hardware .
a couple of smaller sheds , roofed with rusted tin , stood in a cleared area that featured a garden and a pen where goats and chickens scratched at the ground .
the garden tools taunted her as if to say , so , violence is nt the answer , huh ?
a withered vegetable garden stood at the corner of a lot , fenced with two rows of sagging white clothesline strung between wooden posts .
but she barely had time to consider whether to shout a warning when another zaphead came out of the garden , a middle - aged woman in a business suit , pantyhose pocked with holes and trendy haircut now in tangles .
they were in the vegetable garden at one corner of the compound .
broad leaves of autumn squash and pumpkins covered one end of the garden , and bean vines twisted along a lattice of sticks .
there s the shed she put me in , stephen said after they d crossed another yard that featured an unkempt vegetable garden .
he was of average height , wearing a crew cut and topsiders , and he could have been a guy washing his driveway with a garden hose , a beer in his hand while waiting for the afternoons football games to kick off .
franklin stood in the yard , raising the shotgun to the sky as squawking hens raced for the cover of the garden and trees .
put it in the garden and the nutrients go back to the soil .
if they come here , then they re breaking the one law of this here compound , franklin said , sweeping an arm to indicate the garden , the animal pens , and the outbuildings .
rachel led stephen to the little garden that had been overtaken by weeds .
rachel was excited about the prospects of the garden and the meals she could prepare , and devontay said the place could be easily defended if necessary .
he reached the garden entrance pausing to see the queen outside underneath an awning with eyes closed .
sighing he walked looking around staring at the hedge garden consisted of many colorful plant life that stood towering over his head .
the voice took him to outside to the hedge garden entrance where he met no one on his way there .
he entered the hedge garden following the voice walking in corridors of hedges high over his head .
he reached a break in the hedge garden to see an opening which he entered .
he frowned having no memory of how he got from the hedge garden to the bedroom in the first place .
tom groaned and went to the hedge garden 's entrance .
he tread carefully out of the back door , through the garden towards his workshop , all the while hearing snoring and mutterings .
still wearing the helmet , he walked across his workshop and lightly crept through his garden , trying to get a closer look at david through the back window .
` ` vicky , if you wanted me to , i would camp in your garden and be your own private chauffeur .
we played in his great big garden and then his o pear took us out to the park and the shops .
massive botanical garden full of butterflies - mad !
we did : up the path around back , past the garden on the hill , and straight to the gate of the fence that blocked the upper valley .
as long as he stood still , he could almost imagine that he was the first man in an alien world , standing by as the first garden gave birth to itself .
god is unborn there is only seed one age closes , one age opens i was there when seed was made now seed is planted but the garden is in ruin i still do nt understand .
in the evening they heard the ghost walking in the garden , so they hid themselves among the trees .
so the ghost banished the man and his wife from the garden , and sent them out to cultivate the ground from which they had been made .
evidence of a garden , somewhere , overrun with weeds .
we will make a beautiful garden from the world that you have turned to decay and rot !
the first thing peter and i saw when we entered the city , is what looked like the hanging gardens described in the seven wonders of the world .
after gazing out across the magnificent cityscape , milo headed toward the park a botanical garden that combined artificial plants with real ones .
on the top floor , overlooking an exquisite garden , was the leaders office .
it was in that garden that his hands found their only activity .
in fact , the old man died the next month while tending to his garden .
the likelihood of the stars of wisdom guiding your plan to success is directly correlated to how good your plan is -- romulan proverb the day is beautiful , the seigneur remarked to syll as they strolled in the garden of the tal shiar compound .
the garden was deserted , quiet , the scent of the flowers and earth wafted up to them .
when syll informed the seigneur in their occult garden communications that karis struggles were intensifying even as the information increased in importance , he had suggested an idea .
always meeting in the garden .
the seigneur of the tal shiar order passed back a message in their regular garden meetings .
she thought about the beautiful tree in the garden .
broad winged like a warbird but much smaller , it still had crushed some of the gardens , even a small building .
they exchanged the vulcan gesture for peace and she walked outside onto a large balcony overlooking a garden .
after that , another master took her off to sort fruit from the station gardens .
a sudden turn , and the space smelled like soap and chemicals and something like the flowers from the big room where all the plants were , only without the poo - smell of the garden bed .
ever since nobody wanted him for a pet , the masters had had him picking fruit and vegetables in the gardens .
` ` keeping the yucky plants out of our food gardens , dear . ''
bethy was trained and ready by age twelve to be a food prep worker , in the fresh vegetable garden to table program .
i had manicured gardens and a theater and eleven , count them , eleven bathrooms and an east wing and a west wing and she went on and on until i no longer cared .
` ` i ' m going to relax in the gardens .
all the adults were drinking in the garden .
i attended ` ` garden teas '' that really took place in digital gardens so really should have been called ` ` large screen display teas '' .
i attended ` ` garden teas '' that really took place in digital gardens so really should have been called ` ` large screen display teas '' .
beth spoke as if he was an unwanted pet in her garden .
there were lush gardens all around the outside of the hotel , as well as swimming pools where the water was held up over the ground below with anti - gravity .
he shouted nervously as he tried to swerve in and around the balls of flames - that were coming from mr . barkers 200 year old english rose garden - and raining down on the street like the winters heaviest ( buy a shovel ) snowstorm instantly the windows started to melt , then suddenly they all burst .
they all out sprinted for jens car out front - which was through a series of large flower filled gardens .
and each of the gardens coy ponds sat in the middle under the moonlight .
jen asked nervously as she watched the trees in the garden sway with every big step roland - who wore a size 25 shitkicker boot - took .
laron , your idiot security guard is ruining my garden .
he headed back through the garden destroying more landscaping as he did ( laron would pay for it and nathan knew this already ) .
in 2011 , i visit him in early spring and bring him starter plants from my local farmers ' market so he can start or add to an herb garden .
we have two electric charging and fuel stations , several multi - vehicle garages , landscaping sheds , greenhouses , gardens , two swimming pools ( one just for laps ) , several ponds and many other outbuildings , with staff to work from them all .
and while the planet was a lush garden with a breathtaking skyline , and while the night sky shimmered like a cavern of gems , she still preferred the place she called home .
she was already sitting cross - legged in a garden where she often met with michael .
-- larry niven chapter 1 zachary adams enjoyed the sweet smell of honeysuckle as he limped toward the garden on a mostly mended leg .
the director leaned forward and studied the man working in the garden .
they got audio of him , neil said looking back at the old man hoeing his garden .
not much to it , just him talking to a cat he calls cassandra , other animals around the place , and i think he talks to the plants in his garden too .
that idiot corrigan thinks the holey is talking to a cat and , get this , the plants in his garden .
zac worked in the garden hoeing and hand weeding until the middle of the morning .
that one over there by the edge of my garden has been creeping in and i do n't want my garden crushed this late in the summer .
that one over there by the edge of my garden has been creeping in and i do n't want my garden crushed this late in the summer .
does your garden give you everything you need to feed yourself ?
zac has been telling us about his garden .
she used her fingers to count off the produce , but she seemed disinterested in gardens and food .
sort of a garden of eden , but man does not live by food alone , zac said .
by late afternoon , they were weeding his garden and tending the goats .
this rain will help the garden , but i d just as soon not be out in it , zac said .
she asked dolores if they should harvest the garden .
they played in and out of the older people like butterflies in a somber garden .
the very early frost of a few days before had browned many of the plants in the garden .
several indigenous cacti accented a kidney - shaped quartz garden .
through the centre of the city and the largest of the trees lay a small pool of silver - glowing water , and beyond that a garden filled with purple larkspur , thick plots of cool lobelia , and strings of moss hanging down from the branches above like natural bunting .
the sound of birds like none she had ever heard in the gardens of titan moved amongst the narrow canopy above , and with them came a pleasant humming , hopeful and sad all at once .
she straightened and walked towards a young man within a garden enclosure .
she looked at the garden , the silhouettes of trees standing out in shafts of starlight .
chapter 12 audrey watched as her brother disappeared into the garden foliage .
satinah stood amidst the florals of the garden , her slender figure straight and tall , robed in a dress of white , a pristine figure of winter in a garden of spring .
satinah stood amidst the florals of the garden , her slender figure straight and tall , robed in a dress of white , a pristine figure of winter in a garden of spring .
past the foliage , the next tier of the gardens stretched below .
i listened for it again , but heard only the rippling of the garden streams .
above the garden tiers , the crescent moon reigned over the dark sky , a white sickle surrounded by stars .
from the waterfalls , dolphins leapt , one after another , spilling from the waters and falling in arcs to the garden streams below .
beyond the edge of the final garden tier , the waters of the rivers coursed through the earth , rising like the ocean tide .
around us , the dolphins still leapt through the waters , cascading into the lower gardens .
the last of the dolphins spilled into the gardens .
he set them to tending his garden and bound their minds in ignorance to him , that they may obey him and worship him , blind and unquestioning , slaves to him .
hal fashioned the moon into an apple and appeared before vee in vals garden .
she could stay safe and happy in vals garden , but remain his slave , or she could take the wisdom offered and become free , but strive and suffer to make a life of her own .
satisfied , i stepped around the moths to look out the glass , down into the garden .
ravens flew among the garden branches .
i found my way to the garden .
on the snows of the garden , i caught a movement that i would nt have seen if i had nt been looking for it .
` ` people are growing gardens out here ? ''
i hear there is blue moon hare rabbit that lives in these parts ; he keeps stealing mr . beamer 's carrots out of his vegetable garden next door .
` ` why of course , i have been plundering mr . beamers vegetable garden in our own world .
he now allows me to see my family , and to visit mr . beamer 's garden every so often , which i do appreciate .
i hope to have you chasing me again one day in mr . beamer 's garden but remember you will never be able to catch me , not never ... '' a sly wink towards louis by the wry rabbit , then he went lost .
` ` you are quicker than digger evading me in mr . beamer 's garden on a summer 's eve under the cover of darkness .
after a satisfying meal of fresh fish , baked bread and poached red potatoes ( from the garden outside of the castle gates ) louis retreated into the lavatory to take a long hot bath .
` ` you are correct i have seen him many times in mr . beamer 's garden .
i have to go back to centerville now and pinch some more vegetables from mr . beamer 's garden .
we do get a few wizards from time to time but they are always found out to be tricksters , cheats or charlatans so they always end up becoming fertilizer for our garden out back , or a main ingredient in our daily stew depending on how tough their skin is after its been cooked . ''
i look forward to seeing you stealing vegetables once again from mr . beamer 's garden .
i like your muncy but he is a little too slow and not a very good guard of the vegetable garden .
i am a worst thief than digger the blue rabbit who steals your vegetables out of your garden .
louis with leather reins in hand headed out in the wagon with charlie in the lead , out through the front white wooden gates of mr . beamer 's farmhouse and as louis passed through mr . beamer 's front gates he looked over at mr . beamer 's vegetable garden .
then he watched as muncy shot through the garden hot on digger 's trail .
off they scampered towards the other end of the garden and out into the cornfield found nearby .
i d had enough of closed spaces and the idea of a nice walk in ranens gardens cheered me .
and when she s not doing that , she s usually playing video games with her husband , peek - a - boo with her kids , or walking through her garden , wondering why the bugs insist on eating all her vegetables .
we 'd spent our last day walking around the downtown core , exploring museums like the people 's palace and the winter gardens , and as evening settled , we had visited the pub that we 're now standing in front of .
if they had been at his parents house in passage , they would have had fresh potatoes from the garden and mashed them all up .
they were outside in a garden filled with shrubs and massive trees .
they walked around the shrubs and through the garden .
there was a silence of a few moments duration , and henry had turned towards mr . marchdale to say something , when the cautious tread of a footstep was heard in the garden , immediately beneath that balcony .
the only thing she had to compare it with was the biosphere on matrona , the place for forests , lakes and vegetable gardens , where she always took off her shoes to feel the life beneath her feet .
i walked towards a giant ball off to the corner it looked like a crackled glass ball , similar to gazing balls you see in a garden , but over ten feet tall .
roses bloomed in the garden marking her path to the patio doors .
atreus knight stood at the railing of the rooftop garden , marvelling at the view .
what happened when you got back to the temple and amhersts cronies realised you were leading them up the garden path about the second key ?
thick , leafy trees and feathery date palms lethargically spread their limbs over the gardens , a tightly bound hedge marking the rear limit of the green carpets .
behind the faade of the green wall , the garden abruptly ended .
four smaller , but no less impressive minarets cornered the huge structure with colossal arches providing gaping entries into its vast courtyards and gardens .
atreus sat on the balcony of his suite overlooking the lush hotel gardens and the glittering gulf of oman , talking into a spare mobile phone he had kept stashed on the lear .
for all i know , south might ve taken us to the garden spot of the whole planet .
i understand curator that you believe your people are simpletons however simpletons do not break into sealed sections of a library , ask questions about creatures that have the same colour eyes as them and then go back to playing in the garden .
every time i tried to visualise a window , all it looked onto was the garden of my private thoughts so i nixed the window and added a tapestry of the ocean instead .
chapter six part 6.1 ` ` you look so glum , '' susan said , as we were strolling in the gardens , something that susan had asked our hosts to generate .
the lighting in the garden was weird , sort of bluish .
i guessed that , in the garden , the lighting had caused the blemish to appear to vanish .
` ` i think we can have a garden , '' susan said .
in a few weeks it will be warm enough to begin our vegetable garden . ''
part 16.2 it took most of the summer to complete the garden , grow a multitude of vegetables and fabricate several concrete structures .
the chefs were delighted to serve us with vegetables fresh from the garden , cooked the old fashioned way , over a campfire : broccoli with melted cheddar cheese , mashed potatoes with garlic , kale and baconi think i gained a few pounds .
when spring came , we were out in force , enlarging the gardens , planting vegetables , connecting the electrical so that all the kitchen appliances were powered .
the vegetable garden was now a large farm and some way from the village and the clan - farmers were excellent in maintaining the crops .
the green commons of the college was also like hansum 's village , in that it had community gardens , which hansum 's father tended as the elder horticulturalist , an open area for sports and community gatherings , orchards and pens for raising livestock .
i was going to put it on my garden .
he followed the sounds and found the teenagers standing with the tailor and his wife in a small , well tended vegetable garden .
my little garden gives me much joy .
` ` master satore and his wife , nuca , traded us some vegetables from their garden in exchange for the hay . ''
if the muck looked like decent soil or humus , they were to take it over to the satores ' garden .
` ` i can see master satore working in his garden .
he saw a man and a woman laugh as they worked in a garden .
he was sitting in their garden , just outside their domed house , overlooking the pristine hudson river .
we went to these special gardens in the middle of the old city down on the plains , there were plants from all around the world big trees , ponds , flowers ... grass .
bes lived and worked as part of a growers cooperative which meant that she shared housing and food and the hard work in the hydroponic gardens .
lighting could energise a work area , foster somnolence in another , boost plant growth in a garden , create a little piece of tropicana or while maintaining epidermal health and vitamin levels .
the children had grown very social and independent and were responsible for a number of smaller gardens .
he seemed to have grown in confidence , joking around with some of the other teenagers in the garden he seemed to know them all .
two guards are outside the garden 11 bar .
and right now you must do as i say wing or ill be forced to turn you off and destroy the gardens .
yeah , i wan na see the garden you promised me soon as your up there .
this is beautiful up here he said with a tinge of envy of her having grown up in what was essentially a giant garden .
keep them from the sacred grove beyond the inner fence at all costs , and out of the garden in back of the house , if possible .
tell them that you 're renting use of the land and its your garden .
i did nt even know there was a garden .
if folks see the garden out back by the old barn they ll get even more curious about everything else .
we could tear out the garden , of course , but we d rather not do that out of respect for mort .
you ca nt see the inner fence from the cabin , but you can see it from the back of the garden .
` ` i 'll have a garden outside and my own room too ? ''
i hear that mort had a garden , but i have n't seen it yet . ''
we can see mort 's garden tomorrow ; i ' m sure it will be very impressive . ''
sugar snap peas straight from the garden .
ill show you the garden after we eat .
suddenly the path had wound through a last stand of flowers and opened into the vegetable garden .
the garden is good this year , just as i remember it as a child , '' remarked johnny .
she had been focusing on the garden , but now looked beyond it .
the stretcher party walked past the barn , through the garden and into the forest beyond , following the path elizabeth had noticed earlier .
she fed the pets and explored the cabin , barn , garden , and edge of the surrounding forest for the third time while she waited to hear from johnny .
jumpers , scarves and socks all pegged to dry , all the same nettle green from the dye shed extracted from the stinging plants in her garden .
mann would nt sleep again so he wrapped himself in a blanket and headed out into the garden , where the dream nagged at him until he ran it again in his mind , beyond the point that had broken his sleep .
keen joined mann in the garden , he was sitting beneath the apple tree , watching two ravens soaring high over the woods .
faded colour images flicked across the wall , her father as a boy chasing a black dog around a summer garden she did nt know .
the sparse cell he slept in , the silence at meal times , the labour in the gardens that used muscles he d not worked since the farm , filling out his strong frame again .
once , when he and john were tending the herb garden , john had asked him how he coped with a life hidden away from girls .
mann left the ruined church and crept through shadowed streets towards the palace gardens .
and the brothers at work in the gardens or hurrying to prayers , black habits billowing in the sea breezes , the brothers who had shown him nothing but kindness , now looked like nothing more than earthbound crows flapping broken wings .
chapter nineteen mann stood in the wooded palace gardens , the smoke from the fire barrels stung his eyes , and the stench of burning fish oil turned his stomach .
if i say were going into the gardens of the underworld , you will say do you need a chariot , my prince ?
tapestry sent back her personal code as acknowledgement that she had heard the message , then jumped up on a low , red - brick , garden wall to think about the implications .
he had stayed as long as he could , but said that the garden was proving too much for him , and at eighty - two he needed a smaller home .
she needed a safe place where she could leave her body while her mind was at the meeting , and knew of a spot not far away that she had used before , a little patch of flattened grass and weeds , conveniently hidden from view under some bushes at the corner of a neglected garden .
she ran along the top of the wall , dropped into the garden , and pushed through an overgrown flower bed to the hollow .
without warning , the hall blinked out of existence , and she opened her eyes again to the material world , back in the garden in latchfield estate .
after five minutes , confident that nobody was with her , she jumped down , squeezed through the iron railings of the school boundary onto the main road , and began to make her way through streets and gardens towards her destination .
at about halfway , she used her favourite trick of circling back through gardens and over fences and walls , sniffing her trail , making sure there were no other fresh smells .
a large fan in the ceiling turned slowly , and a window looked out over colourful gardens .
it was a simple , single - storey building with a pretty garden , as were all the surrounding properties .
fertile gardens filled every yard and lush shrubs dotted the alien landscape .
she passed large orchards where various fruit trees , massive gardens of vegetables and other fruitful plants flourished .
the monks were working in the monasterys garden , but they broke off as soon as their visitors arrived for the evening meal .
she came out with more water , a long piece of black fabric , and a big stick that looked like the bottom part of some garden tool .
from the back exit another man entered and xero could see the grass from the gardens in his shadow before the door also shut behind him .
what do you call cleaning the toilets , mopping the floors , trimming the hedges , and weeding your garden ?
the next clue takes him to a garden world which the inhabitants , living , sentient plants , call e'den .
bottom line : you could n't grow a garden on dara but it was an interesting place to visit .
the faint scent of jasmine wafted through the doorway , making her feel as though she were entering a tropical garden .
their husbands , mark and niall both worked in the hydroponic gardens .
that said , i was painfully aware that there was a very real chance it could be the last night i spent anywhere as a free man , so i sucked it up and set off in search of a comfy looking garden .
they had a child together before he left the planet , and now the mother lived with her daughter in a village up the road ; the one where i had just come from , and apparently , her daughter could usually be found working out in the garden .
they did not block the streets , but instead filled fruition garden , a strip of land across from evol headquarters .
at the center of this beautiful garden was a giant marble fountain in the shape of the tree of life , streams of water flowing out from within the bark .
now the garden may be forever tainted .
the corridor they had entered was filled with the sweet stench of sky lilies , an expensive flower favoured by the rich and normally pleasant when found in a garden .
lucy laughed gaily as an incredibly ornate coffee pot was set down between them ` ` no no silly , this is just my garden where i come to relax and entertain . ''
lucy carried on : ` ` i miss old earth terribly you know , the fashion , the gardens , the cities '' she let out a whimsical sigh ` ` ah , if only i could return .
the hatch opened to reveal a twisted garden , full of giant green vines , teeth and thorns .
many in the community kept themselves busy by tending to the gardens or preparing communal meals .
tending to the garden is great , i really think it is , but if i had my way i 'd spend all of my time in the hangar !
graham was as gone as if he had never been there , a garden left in his wake .
in the summer he would buy her plants for the garden , tools that she needed , anything she wanted .
he had his sailboat that he was restoring and she had the garden and baking .
the closest thing to precipitation here was the watering systems for the few gardens in the upper and center areas of the dome .
the house was older and had a few nice trees in the back , a nice garden and even a few decorative large boulders .
to the right , oak creek meanders lazily along , a narrow , burbling , silver stream riding a garden of rocks .
a real garden of eden feel to the place .
video : three women and one man sitting in meditation in a beautiful desert garden and slowly levitating skyward a good twenty - five feet , then hovering there for a full thirty seconds before floating back to the earth .
9 beyond clairvoyance , beyond empathy jill had bought herself a beautiful little house on nearly an acre of land in west sedona , with stunning red rock views , a rock and cactus garden for a front yard , the property dotted with stately juniper and cottonwood trees , all surrounded by a high security fence .
10 eye of the hurricane i was wondering , to myself , just how serious the situation really was , as jill and i sipped our tea from big warm mugs , sitting across from each other at a wooden table near the edge of her zen garden .
i love your zen garden , too .
to jills zen garden .
we were still in jills zen garden .
he ignored their yard of dirt and dead leaves , once a garden before the block was erected and cut off all but a sliver of sun .
he was proving to be an invaluable asset in those complicated situations that always seemed to be cropping up ; those particular moments that i could not squirm my way out of were as unwelcome as weeds in a lavish garden but luckily , james was there to keep everything cut and polished .
you re too intimidating to be put on yard work , or in the garden , or in the kitchen .
what we grow in the garden or cook in the kitchen can certainly be kept individually , but some has to go to everyone .
penny 's picture perfectly exemplified her childish innocence ; we were all holding hands , standing side by side in the garden that had been in front of don 's house .
we need people who know how to plant gardens , raise cows , things like that . ''
there was a garden right next to the cabin .
a rustic looking wooden fence encircled the garden , keeping it separate from the meadow .
that morning she had been working in the garden for several hours when she stood up to give her legs a break .
maybe she was nt supposed to see anyone and with that thought , she snuck out of the garden and walked in the opposite direction from the lake .
come to the garden .
she is now taking care of the garden well .
she also had to spend some time tending the garden so it was several hours before she went back to the canoe .
i have some fruit from the garden .
into the garden , at once !
zurra rose slowly and stepped out into the garden .
a wide staircase led up to the beautiful and expansive reflecting garden at the base of the manganese palaces central tower .
once back out in the reflecting garden , nikkwill motioned for the junior officer to take a seat .
vagrants in the imperial city tended to make their homes on the roofs of other buildings , not at street level , and gardens and markets were kept on rooftops as well .
after washing , zurra stepped out into the garden , admiring the plants urula looked after with such care .
can we speak together in your garden ?
erenna sat down on a bench in the garden .
erenna walked away from zurra , and turned to face him once she was nearly at the wall to the garden .
he sat in the garden for many minutes after she had left and he heard her likala pull away down the street beyond the thick stone wall .
and he lives in juniper gardens ; we can be there in twenty minutes .
they pulled off the freeway into juniper gardens , a low - income neighborhood in the san fernando valley .
you can handle the zone at night , but you ca nt do juniper gardens in broad daylight ?
a small concrete patio was bordered by a shallow dirt garden filled with weeds .
# los angeles , planet terra , sol system no new information on the body found by lapd officials in juniper gardens , in the home of a man named frank price .
why anyone would spend money to purchase something they could probably find in their garden or in street cracks was beyond zurra .
directly below was the alley , and to the left was the back of the building with the parking lot and small garden .
next to the fountain is a garden with many different plants .
uncle jon waited for her in the garden .
at this point , my sweat turns into a garden hose , spraying all over the sidewalk .
matt jumped out of the swing and ran towards the garden hose next to the side of the house , but melissa had anticipated his move and reached it first .
matt stopped at a local garden center and purchased a large potted azalea .
the guy at the garden center said it needs some direct sunlight , and some shade .
early measures failing , he spaded a large patch of ground around the grave , marking it out as the location for this year 's patriot 's garden for the outpost .
it was n't the best location for a garden , perhaps , but he was sure he could justify the location somehow , if asked .
no , no , on second thought , he thought he should just feign ignorance of garden positioning , if asked .
he went back to finish the garden spading , but soon after that he decided he 'd better leave that off , for now .
for one thing , no one ever spaded a whole garden area in one day , under normal circumstances .
since she was a child , the only home she 'd ever known was the sprawling , ivory - brick holding set among fertile gardens and deep orchards .
his charmed gardens and orchards produced enough to feed his household , but most of his people spent most of their lives with hunger gnawing at their bellies .
it was like recovering from decades of being deaf and blind , to rediscover symphonies and gardens and sunsets .
shortly they entered a small garden area .
a sort of plato 's garden turned on it 's head , if he correctly recalled his study of philosophy , as here perfect instances of everything actually existed .
i was dreaming of one of the boys we see out there , working on the gardens .
the gardens were enclosed on all sides by the palace , which was itself enclosed by the landing fields and support facilities .
the young clansman came up to me one day , while i was sitting in the gardens with aya , and told me to come with him , that he had a need .
chapter 48 a stroll in the gardens - palace gardens , tara -3 ba they strolled around the gardens , tya pointing out a flowering bloom , or a fragrant burst of colour as the flowers awoke to the warm sunlight that shone down every day from the twin suns of the homeworld .
chapter 48 a stroll in the gardens - palace gardens , tara -3 ba they strolled around the gardens , tya pointing out a flowering bloom , or a fragrant burst of colour as the flowers awoke to the warm sunlight that shone down every day from the twin suns of the homeworld .
tyo hurriedly waved them off and the huddle separated and vanished into the gardens .
alessia had been on hand in the nearby ninety - first level botanical gardens and by now everyone knew shed come to help him when she heard the loud cries of the injured and scared animals .
alessia suddenly tore herself away from the conversation and hurried down the corridor until she had reached the quiet peace of the nearest gardens .
over the next few hours , she set up her own laboratory , not far from one of the nearest botanical gardens .
she took him to the gardens and to gerryls ' various collection displays and to see the wild creatures they had taken , the old or sick members of species that had been left for dead but found , cured , and transported for future federation observation whenever the explorers returned home .
we 'll seal off our crew quarters nearby and the botanical gardens .
babylon , whose famous hanging gardens were one of the seven wonders of the ancient world was the home of hammurapi , given credit for creating a famous code of laws , although he merely documented tradional babylonian law already in practice .
the sumerian religion spoke of a paradise between two rivers reflected in the bible as the garden of eden ( abraham , founder of the israelites was from ur , in sumeria , which bordered the chaldaen land . )
lopri threw at hinev from across the courtyard , the open forum with fountains , gardens , and trees .
he left the dome of ariyalsynai in the morning , early , before the sun had risen , wearing nothing but a thin shirt , pants , and broken - in boots , and headed into the wild lands looking for a place where he would nt have to deal with anyone shouting over the inefficacy of economical sanctions against tulor as he trekked past students loitering around the gardens of the lunei science center .
the closest thing to rain had been the regimented showers of the gardens and arboretums ; when he was young , marankeil had found himself waiting for them , standing under the trees in the arboretums staring skyward , like a heathen waiting to embrace his religion .
marankeil said , with disinterest , as he sat in his residence out by a small , enclosed garden .
her face and features were obscured by the darkness in the garden .
when the madness of the take - off celebrations died , ornenkai looked about at the lovely white city of ariyalsynai with its wide avenues and glittering ornate buildings , its gardens , fountains , forums , and he felt as though he had been left adrift in a dream , because everything he surveyed seemed to him suddenly as meaningless as the substance of a fantasy .
i just loved the tour , and the underground gardens are beautiful .
we walked down to the end of the hallway and then turned left and walked some more until we came to a door that said , underground garden .
below we could see an enormous garden , and i could smell a mixture of flowers , vegetables , and wet dirt .
with a cheery smile beneath piercing eyes , ben tilted his head , nodding towards a small garden of oddly massive fruits and vegetables where , hidden amongst the bounty , was an array of tilted mirrors at angles perfectly placed to reflect light onto a translucent three - dimensional canopy strung up over the patch of vegetation .
lara decides to face ahead , since she is tempted to push lani from the cart and let him see if he can learn to fly before hitting the garden .
the fourteen crew members are strapped into fortified landing chairs , situated at the edge of the garden .
as a good gardener must tend her garden , so must she tend those many billions of young shoots and help them come to greatness .
but if you go to silar , you might see her in the market with farra or in the gardens surrounding the house .
and , he noted with joy , it was a sprawling single story surrounded by gardens and trees .
arriving at the jacksonville zoo and gardens , joey grumbled that it looked crowded and he could nt understand what all the people were doing here with school in session .
you are free to visit the garden street where all sorts of herbs are sold and openly used or the red light district where anyone can fulfill their fantasies without hiding .
he also had small gardens on the rooftops of several buildings .
she was bringing a basket of vegetables from the communal garden to father bernard .
- thought you she stepped in through the gate with heaving a sigh of relief , and a beautiful , grassy garden unfolded before her with some flowers and strange trees .
she lined her rebreather up with the others and slid her feet into her own regular boots as gus began hosing off the line of gear with a garden hose hooked up to one of the houses .
i had a small , two acre garden and that was bad enough . ''
that 's a little more than a home garden . ''
` ` can we count on people to keep up their gardens ? ''
they found the location of a large feed and garden center on mapman .
they reached the garden center and wolf made them sit tight while he had a look around .
her home garden looked better than any of the others , and that was because she could be found working up to her elbows in dirt whenever she was n't on an assigned job .
she put endless hours into her garden , and mother had already decided to turn over a more important vegetable to her capable hands the next year .
mother walked through the home gardens , admitting the idea to have the people individually responsible for the various vegetables was a good one .
this year , the small gardens proved to be the only plan that seemed manageable .
when striker noticed mother in the herb garden , he stopped and hit reverse until he was next to her .
dax turned to see how the hill sort of wrapped around the building on this end , so that less than a full story below him was a lovely flower garden punctuated with stone terracing .
landing softly in the thick garden soil , he jumped down the terraces and sprinted out toward the main street .
surrouding glass - walled spherical buildings was a meticulously landscaped garden of greenery and exotic plants .
a few people , talking gaily , emerged from a building and began to chase each other , with obvious amourous intentions , through the neatly sculpted garden paths .
drawing his sidearm , he started to make his way along the narrow pathway that zigzagged down the hill leading to the bizarre complex of spherical buildings and lush gardens .
they stood at the beginning of a path for a long time , just watching the myriad colors and shifting lihts that kept changing the appearance of the garden and the buildings .
as they made their way through the verdant garden and into the lobby of the spherical building , they could see no evidence of security guards to interfere with them .
` ` let 's try the garden . ''
the centerpiece of the casino garden was a founding from which purple wine seemed to emerge as tiny waterfalls from between foliage .
taking serina 's arm , he led her along a garden path back toward the chancery .
well , you are the most beautiful garden gnome i have ever seen in my entire life , so you just stop that insecure babble right now .
start planting the garden .
for a brief moment he thought of nothing , but pleasant things as his mind and consciousness inverted inside and formed a vision of castles and open fields , artisan tapestries adorning a gilded and ruby red throne room inside , a beautiful woman resembling the holographic image before him walking in the garden , a small baby nearby , several monuments devoted to the hero of time .
we crossed the plaza and made our way to a dome which used to hold the city 's botanic gardens .
we crossed mag - lev tram tracks now pitted and rusted and reached the botanic gardens .
that decided everyone and we left the foyer and into the main part of the gardens , under the broken dome .
we formed up and made our way out of the ex - botanic gardens .
14 several days later , dylan took off on his bike , heading into the forest , a watering can and a few garden tools in his little basket up front , a bag of fertilizer in the milk crate he d attached to the rat trap in back , and himself cocooned in his bug jacket .
and the land area was a fraction of the earthsbasically , a planet of raging oceans with a little garden strip in the middle .
and the land area is a fraction of the earthsbasically , its a planet of raging oceans with a little garden strip in the middle .
the albino is in a garden surrounded by children .
what is a garden ?
* they sat in the garden he had created , on stools of rock , as julieth looked into his eyes .
walking toward his garden he bent down and grabbed a handful of diamonds .
the ovoid flies over a park , where evergreen gardens and sheets of water alternate , then heads for a group of buildings silhouetted against the blazing red sky .
the earth has become a kind of garden of eden , life has reached two hundred years and hard work is entrusted to machines and robots .
below streets , squares and gardens follow one another harmoniously .
a finch flies from a garden , whirls around an obelisk and alights on a roof .
the sun was still shining away , the sky was still blue , a pleasant short walk in the covent garden direction , into tavistock street , through the peeling doorway and up the creaky stairs and into the ' en passant ' .
just imagine yourself trying to explain your planet to a group of ants in your garden , assuming you could converse with them .
the differences always hit you in the face , the clothes , the drab terraced houses , the unkempt patches of ' front ' gardens , the litter all over the place , and the weather .
i caught a cab to the strand and walked up to covent garden for lunch , picked up an iht on the way .
species , for goodness ' sake : '' ` ` we are back to the ants in your garden , peter .
and later on , in mid - century , the ' miracle of the sun ' was witnessed on three separate occasions in three different years by the pope himself in his vatican gardens in rome , italy .
` ` chosen by god to tend the garden in his absence .
we were paid in luxuries like fruits and vegetables from the gardens , but flowers were the sacred , god - given province of the gardeners alone .
` ` we are the chosen of god , charged with tending his garden .
i told you that gregory was n't the brightest flower in the garden .
in time , with the flights banishing the storms along their migration paths , the gardens might spread .
we ' ve got to open the stormspheres and the gardens .
they allowed the slope to increase their speed , and hopped and moved over the slunk gardens and structures , and within a minute of their group parting , they saw a clear path through a stone arch and back into the tunnels .
[ day 2869 ] glenda cornered me this morning and told me that a three foot square of the garden had been marked off for me .
we were met with an ancient - looking homestead , surrounded by trees and bushes , and garden beds laden with rainbows of colour .
in crude leather and tattered clothes , they looked entirely untouched by the rain that regularly cleansed their territory in the southwest , a garden formerly known as death valley .
` ` you must find your way to the garden of truth ; there , the answer will be revealed to you . ''
chapter 8 the only way to get to the garden of truth is to travel through the land of lies .
many mortals have gone into the land of lies in search of this garden , and none have ever come back .
` ` i think we are in the garden . ''
` ` if you have become twisted with lies , then how is it that you can be standing in the garden of truth ? ''
` ` it looks like any other garden that i ' ve been in . ''
so i took him by the hand and i began to guide him through the garden , but then he tripped and lost his feet after a few paces .
we 're not in the same garden . ''
` ` we are n't in the same garden .
and i suddenly had the feeling that i 'd had enough of this garden .
we are in different gardens .
` ` this is the garden of truth , '' she said .
is it as he saysare we in different gardens ? ''
we are all in the same garden , but different parts of this garden are seen by different people ; there is no one who can see the whole garden . ''
we are all in the same garden , but different parts of this garden are seen by different people ; there is no one who can see the whole garden . ''
we are all in the same garden , but different parts of this garden are seen by different people ; there is no one who can see the whole garden . ''
i had to come to this garden and breathe this air .
` ` if this is not the garden of truth , then where is it ? ''
` ` there are no lies in the garden of truth . ''
` ` this is the garden of truth , not the garden of knowledge .
` ` this is the garden of truth , not the garden of knowledge .
i lured you here , to the garden , so you would know the truth so you would know my pain . ''
she was so young and innocent there was no possible way that this little girl could have crossed over any of the bridges leading to the garden .
i suddenly realized that i must have , at some point , wandered out of the garden and back into the land of lies .
it looked like the garden of truth , but i must have left at some point and was now seeing nothing but lies .
we wandered through the garden and at last we came to a well , but there was no water that did fill this well .
on the opposite side of the road were acres of land with decorative gardens .
as they did every morning , her mother and siblings took their breakfast on the familys sun porch where they could enjoy the sights and aromas of their front garden in the warmth of the rising sun .
ysenof is fixated on the fear of planting the pyrophysic 's gray goo in a garden !
but even more than those things , there are small gardens lining the sidewalks with fall flowers .
there is a large community garden that the townspeople share in the spring and summer .
i sit on a bench next to one of the gardens a couple of streets down from main street as he stands next to a wall nearby .
den'ma lives in a comfortable villa with extensive gardens on the planet of torn , and spends his retirement playing an abstract strategy game called bota , composing poetry in the classical meters , and creating calligraphy .
for the most part he lived as a recluse , wandering through his gardens beneath the most exotic trees of a dozen star systems .
in the awkward moments after the magistrate left , q walked out into the garden .
a game of bota in the garden it had been a strange symposium , den'ma reflected .
and yet he was sitting in his garden beneath his alien trees , in front of the bota board .
the council chamber was located at the rear of the building overlooking a private garden space .
he had spent a lot of time helping grandpa in the garden when he visited , and as such he had been down here lots of times .
it was hours later when , with all their bellies filled , they sought out the pump in the yard that produced water for the garden .
it offered views of space as well as sunlight , although dim , and gardens adorned rooftops ; if you had the purchasing power that is .
lilith brushed away a hanging vine from the nearby buildings aeroponics garden .
` ` my mother usually has me search out the local wrecks for anything that has n't been scavenged yet , but sometimes , she goes off the rails and makes me put together a rapid - grow garden . ''
source , jiltanian after the gardener academos who used to tend the gods in by making their gardens a paradise .
it takes up a square kinopac of space , including the grounds , old palace , and gardens .
then we can meet in my garden .
this is the most beautiful backyard garden i have ever seen , dorina said .
dorina described the house , and jacys apparent elegant , though simple taste and the way she had managed to create a pastoral haven in the middle of an exclusive urban neighborhood through her garden .
and describe how beautiful her garden is miggy , its not good - freaking - housekeeping .
instead , she discussed how shed gone to jacys house to interview her , describing her house and her garden .
dorina had thought and even hoped jacy would invite her out into the garden again because it was such a tranquil place .
he followed the sidewalk towards the main entrance , but veered off through the grass towards the gardens which surrounded the building .
tall bushes rose up around him as he stepped into the garden .
john always hides his key in a different place , he continued , walking towards the fountain in the main part of the garden , but usually there is always one in a fountain somewhere .
rock led clyde out into the gardens behind the globe .
he hovered over the garden , and pictured the screens as mapping to each square of the imaginary grid , and began to run the screen footage like a film on the back of his eyelids .
he found four keys under bushes , three under seemingly random stones , and another six in and around the fence that ran across the back of the property ; it was nt a very big garden , but it was beautifully landscaped .
clyde closed his eyes again , and let himself float over the grid map of the garden .
the sound of the monkeys running no , swarming was a grating , irritating noise , like someone scraping a washboard with a plastic garden fork while grinding their teeth into a microphone and humming the song that never ends .
we have a vegetable garden .
i have more out in the garden . ''
we have a good sized garden out back .
it takes all of us to keep the garden flourishing .
` ` maybe you can show me the garden and the grounds ? ''
` ` the garden and the greenhouse are on the other side of the trees , '' avon explained .
jeremy headed outside and to the vegetable garden after helping iramy clean up the kitchen .
he had agreed to help her in the garden in the afternoon and learn about farming .
the flower garden will continue to thrive . ''
occasionally they would help iramy in the garden .
she always found the smell of the soil in the garden relaxing .
` ` i was outside in the garden collecting flowers .
a hairy paw with claws as long as garden shears swiped nates thigh , then raked across his neck and chest .
it was a beautiful garden with two long marble tables across from each other at its center .
the garden itself was filled with bushes and flowers of every color imaginable and was separated by the white marble pathway that i was now walking on .
i flipped forward , landed in a crouch and the force of my impact left a small crater in the dirt of the garden where i landed .
the once beautiful garden was now a scene of death and the ground was tacky with the blood of the immortals .
warrior , her huge bulk taking up a considerable amount of area on the square deck below , is sitting on her hind legs fiddling with what to a human being would be massive heavy cables , but to warrior are nothing more than garden hoses in her massive hands .
a cascade of questions and comments followed : did she have to come up for air every once in a while , did she have an underwater garden , how come the water did n't push her to the surface when she slept , was it dark on the bottom of the ocean , were there a lot of other creatures down there , what did she eat , did they cook in the boiling water from the volcanic eruptions , how did they tell time , did she have any friends , did she go to school , did she get along with her siblings , and last but not least , what were her magical powers .
` ` i ' m not sure what she 's growing in that garden , but it sure makes her chipper , '' she suggested .
` ` did n't you go on and on about your aunts and the convent and the cloistered garden ? ''
sarah was standing in one of the window alcoves of the communal kitchen watching little rays of sunshine move abruptly like spotlights over the lush greenery of the herb garden .
sarah was in a world of her own , still eight years old , hiding in the doorway between the kitchen and the herb garden and listening to the nuns talk about their day .
` ` sure , honey , just get some fresh ones from the garden , '' she said , and watched um step out into the sunshine and bend over the herb bed with a graceful stance straight out of a medieval painting , its copper curls glowing like fire against its chocolate skin .
a rambunctious group of children passed sister joseph who was about to enter the kitchen and ran across the room with great noise to get to the beach through the garden .
between her chemistry lessons with the children , her experiments in the lab and her beloved herb garden sarah was happy without even knowing it , in a way that only people who are not subjected to the tyranny of time can be .
that morning he jumped on the wide kitchen sill and squeezed through a window left ajar to sun himself at the base of the decorative sundial in the center of the herb garden .
after about twenty minutes of what looked like chasing his tail he attracted the attention of a large group of curious onlookers who by means unknown had made their way into the cloistered garden and were staring aghast at dancing rocks melting into thin air and reemerging a few feet away , changing their color and shape while the poor cat was using all its hunting skills to try and catch them .
` ` you must be lost , this is the cloistered garden , reserved for the members of our order , '' sarah bent the truth simultaneously remembering the unruly hoards of children that traipsed along the paths and through the flower beds at all times of day .
and why was it moving around in the garden but not here ? ''
you 'd be chasing them around the kitchen and garden and the containers would move and change shape depending on what they build themselves around and the content would be left behind to spill on the ground , '' sister roberta analyzed the utility in all seriousness .
` ` yes , your lounge , your private greenhouse , your garden , your research lab and your vr room , '' the building clarified .
* * * despite her busy schedule sarah secretly enjoyed one lavish indulgence : her private aromatic garden .
the garden was laid out on a smooth platform overlooking the ocean , the east edge of which ended with a pair of winding stone stairs that embraced a small fountain like parentheses .
on the west side of the garden a flagstone path flanked by white gardenias led through a narrow gate in the stone garden wall to the cloister of the prayer hall .
between these two edges lay the delightful garden where sarah snuck out to think , putter around , breathe in the humid air of terra two and watch the kids play on the beach .
solomon followed her like a shadow in all her pursuits and since sarah found reasons to come back to the garden the cat became a constant feature in it too , pretending to rest under its benches with eyes half closed , ready to pounce at anything that moved or rustled .
the design of the garden was a simple four square with a glazed ceramic birdbath at the center and immaculate white bougainvillea spilling over the top of the wall .
when it rained sarah sat on the large lanai that opened the lounge to the garden .
children showed up often and unexpectedly from the beach , from the kitchen garden , or from the classrooms and labs .
sister joseph used the garden path and the suite as a shortcut from the prayer hall to the greenhouses ; she had requested a variety of cold and dry climate wildlife and populated the institute 's deserts , taigas and tundras .
sarah sighed and made her way back out into the garden , with sys in tow .
i ' m not the only flower in the garden , '' sister roberta pared down the leader 's expectations .
the thirteen year trip all of the sudden seemed desirable and a small price to pay in order to get back to her garden of eden bathed in vanilla and gardenia fragrance .
it eats everything in sight , it 's an unstoppable garden wrecking machine , and it 's not picky either !
` ` i ca n't believe i have to defend the wretch after she practically destroyed my garden !
sarah uttered a sigh and resolved to put an invisible fence around the vegetable garden before the lizard finished it off .
she gave up eventually , admitting that maybe she and josephine were meant to be ; she missed the latter 's conversational screeches and even sarah 's loud protests against the lizard 's incursions into the vegetable garden .
sarah had been in charge of josephine for the entire duration of sister joseph 's research trip and the lizard had run her ragged with its whims and its raids on the garden .
the redhead went back to her healing garden , threw herself carelessly on one of the stone benches in the shade of the pear trees and for the first time in two years , rested .
they found a magic carpet and moved quickly three floors up through the open atrium , then turned left and landed on one of the catwalk gardens on top of the aviaries .
* * * lily decided to do something she had n't done in a long time : she took a shortcut through sarah 's office , cut through the healing garden and headed towards the prayer hall .
the sky turned on several rain showers and the water condensate dropped like waterfalls over the thirsty herb garden .
she got up slowly , to solomon 's displeasure , and walked to the doorway that lead into the kitchen garden , followed by the herb fragrance and the monotonous hum of the mundane conversation .
when she arrived to the healing garden she found sarah sitting on one of the stone benches in the shade of the pear trees and gazing in awe at the shimmery artifacts .
` ` sarah found it in the healing garden yesterday , i do n't know where it 's coming from , '' lily answered .
i noticed how the roses in her garden had bloomed .
roaches in the attic handbook ( second edition ) raymond towers table of contents titles in the series renquists wisdom universal law space corps satellite types watch man satellites space corps outposts space corps personnel marine division space mds ranks mds units military phonetic alphabet marine division personnel infantry division other personnel planetary systems planetary system : 55 cancri planetary system : g 163 planetary system : g 581 planetary system : g 667 planetary system : gj 1214 planetary system : hd 40307 rita timeline wisdom of the ancients various nations ancient manuscripts and flying vehicles giants the black knight space anomaly babylon the bible versus babylon : introduction the fish god and the pope the genesis myth the garden of eden the flood and the tower odds and ends egypt king tut and life - giving meteorites the one god , or monotheism india ramayana samaragana sutradhara israel my name is legion reading list about the author more by this author titles in the roaches in the attic series roaches in the attic 0 - non - retrieval ( original version ) roaches in the attic 1 - first contact roaches in the attic 2 - independence roaches in the attic handbook look for more titles from this series in the future .
the garden of eden in various fragments of the chaldean tablets , the race of men known as zalmat - qaqadi , or the dark race , are also referred to as admi , adami or adamu .
and the lord god said , behold the man is become as one of us , to know good and evil : and now , lest he put forth his hand , and take also of the tree of life , and eat , and live for ever : therefore the lord god sent him forth from the garden of eden , to till the ground from whence he was taken .
so he drove out the man : and he placed at the east of the garden of eden cherubims , and a flaming sword which turned every way , to keep ( guard ) the way of the way of the tree of life .
gan - dunnu , or gan - eden is linked with the garden of eden .
after sita refuses ravana , the king sends her to the garden of asoka .
this garden is described as being full of flowers and fruits , with beautiful birds playing among them .
comment : parallels with the bible description of the garden of eden , the wonders found therein , and the temptation of eve .
comment : there is the obvious parallel to the biblical story of enmity being put between the serpent in the garden of eden , and the seed of woman .
the poet marianne moore wrote of imaginary gardens with real toads in them .
this forest of concrete was replaced with real forestsand farms , meadows , parks , and small garden plots , as well as fresh water in the form of ponds , canals , and artificial lakes .
we live now surrounded by trees , gardens , and cool water .
there , surrounded by trees and gardens , our children come together in joy and companionship to learn , to play , to grow .
i like to read , bake , work on my garden what about you ?
the grand terrace was a massive garden like park of three levels , a top garden with a long winding stair that led off to the main terrace park and then the lower level .
the grand terrace was a massive garden like park of three levels , a top garden with a long winding stair that led off to the main terrace park and then the lower level .
the top tier had been transformed into a temperate forest - like garden .
each level was a garden chosen from a different climate of earth .
i welcomed and silently reveled in the coolness of the air of the lower garden .
ducking around the corner i made my way toward the garden balcony on this floor and hid behind a thick clump of wild grasses , looking around for the first exit off that floor .
novels like the garden in the brush , delgados union , and the refuge of albion are examples .
the gardens and greenery which flourished much in the same way the transplanted montana grass did near the city took a hold on the soil and stole every last drop of moisture from the night .
it was large enough to house four gardens of varying foods .
the woman carrying the fruits was muscular , and had a meaty build that told me shed worked in the gardens on a daily basis ; the weavers were a man and woman , both young , whose hands looked clean and fragile .
they strolled in the gardens , and watched as the commune set the crates of weapons along the barracks wall , readying them for service .
i followed purple through the gardens .
from her vantage point in the highest spire of the silver rose citadel , she could hear the shouts and ringing metal as her warrior priests and paladins drilled and trained in the garden courtyards below her .
it was nearly planting season , but chunks of thin ice still clung to the stony shore of the river and patches of snow still rested in the shaded parts of the gardens , and the grasses outside the high mammoth walls .
it sparkled off the splashing fountains and glowed in the lush geometrically arranged gardens of roses and flowering trees filling the grand foyer .
with a mighty rush of her armors angelic wings , she soared into the air , and gazed into the stately garden courtyards of her citadel .
the compound itself had a sandy bottom lined with large flat stepping stones , a great fire pit , and gardens of orchids .
the sandy ground was devoid of the gardens and stepping stones and the tall fence and gates were missing .
a little garden spot about 5 days north of jass called the river willow chapel .
she left them in the gardens overlooking the sea for a long while .
asphadal arrived as the fireflies flitted amongst the shadowy flowerbeds and the lanterns fluttered to life along the walls and pathways of the gardens .
outside , she could hear the shouts and ringing metal as her fellow warrior priests and paladins drilled and trained in the garden courtyards of the silver rose citadel below her .
solias and tenji found one of their favorite spots in the garden .
the house had a small , fenced off garden , and a tiled roof .
the queens garden is nt enough .
as she watched , a woman who looked like a river walked up to the cube garden and knelt down .
riley walked back towards the cube garden .
were trying to get this rhinoceros into caralids garden .
you re right , the river said apologetically , its not much of a garden , but caralid insists on calling it that .
he wants it in his garden .
perhaps he does nt like the garden .
its blatantly obvious , a cool and familiar voice said , that that garden is far , far too small for a rhinoceros , or even a small cat .
hmm , alright , well go to the queens garden .
the garden is on the top of the top side .
riley , aerlid began cautiously as they made their way through the city towards the queens garden .
over the top a lush garden and tall trees were visible .
the sound of birds twittering came from all around , and especially from the garden .
her eyes were instantly drawn to the tallest tree , its branches spread high above the rest of the garden .
its her garden .
riley looked back at the garden , then at him .
riley gazed towards the garden critically .
and she decided not to think about it anymore inside the garden it was a little cooler .
she knows someone has entered her garden .
and she began dragging riley deeper into the garden .
rilodana moved quickly through the garden .
the queens garden helps .
why do nt we go to the gardens ?
i did nt know there were gardens around , but i was sure i would nt be able to see them .
he is currently occupied with henrietta in the rose garden .
when loren was ten years old , he was in the rose garden , studying bugs .
the flowers in the garden sent up an intoxicating aroma .
compared to some of our recent plans , this is a downright walk in a rose garden .
the three of us headed into the garden .
the park was modeled on a meditation garden owned by the medici .
the same magnates who tried in vain to have the orion guild evicted also paid great sums to visit the garden on weekends .
she walked toward the middle of the clearing and knelt down in a small garden .
the garden was full of lush green vegetables : spinach , lettuce , beans , onions and garlic .
just believe me when i tell you that it 's nothing you need to worry yourself about , he said sternly , then continued in a more gentle tone , all you need to worry about is tending to your garden and keeping me company .
` ` good , '' he said , have you been back down near your other garden lately ? ''
` ` why do n't you head on out to the garden alice .
it was dusk now and alice had n't returned back from her garden .
` ` ahh , she 's always out and about when she goes to grab food from the garden .
` ` how was the garden ? ''
she can show you where her garden is and how to pick the vegetables . ''
` ` your father wants me to learn how you tend to the garden .
` ` besides , '' alice continued , ` ` i really want to show you that place with the big towers when we get to the garden . ''
2.11 ( beyond ) caleb and alice had been walking for several miles uphill before finally reaching the garden .
she was already halfway between where caleb was standing and the garden .
alice showed him the different kinds of vegetables in the garden , where the plastic bags were inside of the backpack , and how to wrap them up once inside .
after they had collected enough for the next few meals , she stood up and continued walking past the garden toward the other end of the clearing .
without speaking , they left the field , entered the forest , headed back up the hill and into the clearing with the garden .
they might have a spellshooter for stuff like that , or maybe just a long garden implement that would work .
it is with great honor and appreciation that i welcome you to the garden of his majesty , king damnation the fourteenth .
the large doors are opened , and we look into the garden at the center of the palace .
not that our eyes immediately notice a garden , as our attention is captured by the ten - meter - tall statue in the center .
a number of guard members surround the statue area , where multiple garden paths full of goblin folk branch out .
your majesty , the admiral begins , the effects of an amplify spell filling the garden with his voice , it is my honor to escort the crew members of the ucst starship , the corsari , to this audience .
we can not reverse that cost , but we can honor their sacrifice for our world by forever maintaining their names in this garden !
dropping his arms , the crowd appears to begin to retreat down the paths they have been standing on while the guard guides them to other exits from the garden .
ever since moving in to his suburban oasis he 'd coveted his next door neighbour 's garden .
spon reflected on his personal , garden based failure as much as the establishment 's .
how am i ever supposed to get this garden taken over ?
more importantly , if they imbue the power of hero 's maybe they can help me take over my neighbour 's garden ? ''
` ` it has been my own personal mission for many years to take over my neighbour 's garden .
` ` you mentioned something about a garden ? ''
i want his garden too . ''
` ` could you force the end of this hose underground and about six feet into ginjiv 's garden , preferably pointing up but not breaking the surface ? ''
` ` not much longer after that , ginjiv should knock on with the deeds to his garden .
once in the garden , brick reached into his briefcase and pulled out a box with various dials and a flashing light on it .
brick began wafting the box around the garden , all the time wandering towards a quickly forming puddle .
` ` enjoy the garden , and the small print .
` ` a full dangsang ( ten years ) i ' ve been trying to take over that garden and they do it in moments . ''
` ` do you remember my garden problem ? ''
` ` garden ? ''
i ' ve been trying to take - over my neighbour 's garden ever since i moved in , could n't even steal half a foot . ''
lo and behold if half a drahaa later he knocked on and paid me to take his garden from him , had a contract ready for me to sign . ''
the scene cut once more to find spon sat at his desk at home , looking out at his new garden in the rain .
spon had been enjoying his new back garden , even with his neighbour twitching behind the curtains , waiting for the moment it became flooded with visitors .
with a quick sit up and a turn of the head , other brick could see they had passed out in their neighbour 's front garden rather than their own .
the evil trio had searched out the address of rick and biritvind and awaited the emergence of the planet 's saviours ; as brick and spiritwind stumbled out of the true saviour 's garden and on to the street , bum jumped in to action .
` ` i ' m just going to check the garden . ''
` ` it was impressive , but taking over a garden hardly makes you the new dawn of evil .
i could have secured your garden for you . ''
elsewhere around the room , there were other such patches of earth visible through the pristine white floors with flowers growing in all of them , creating a magnificent garden .
perhaps they would find the crown in the gardens .
he appeared to be sitting in a cheap garden chair .
maybe we could eat in the beer garden and then go for a walk along the river .
temperance blackwood was fifteen , and it was her job to see that all the bills were paid on time , and that there was plenty of food in the pantry ( even if that meant growing it herself in the garden ) and that they all had clothes to wear , which basically meant making clothes for prudence and repairing them as they were handed down .
hope loved everything about the old curacy , from the bramble - infested overgrown garden ( boobytrapped !
none of them wanted to run the risk of damaging the fairy by moving the book more than necessary , even if that meant eating each meal from now on with the fables of garden fauna where the pepper and mustard used to stand .
miriya followed them into a walled garden .
container gardens ?
with them out now and just the light from outside , the place resembled a garden at twilight .
afterwards , the captain and cullen had business to discuss so they disappeared into the captain 's at - home office while darlene led me to the garden behind her house .
at the sound of people coming into the garden , she put a finger to her lips .
floating gardens obscured the view of the palace from the rest of sanctuary , and in the center of the palace was the tallest tower , the citadel .
seth himself had thrown a few people off of the precipice , from a height so far up that even he could not hear their bodies shatter upon the gardens below .
a manicured garden would have been a better yard than the forest that surrounded it , but despite their best efforts , the sanctum could never keep the flora away .
the frozen garden was a technique she had perfected at the end of her training , a flurry of strikes aimed at vital meridians across the body , designed to paralyze the limbs .
` ` the frozen garden almost cost you your life .
he s in a state of bliss , sniffing the flowerbed and a garden hose before francesca and i even make it out the door .
i follow him to the garden shed we d passed on our way in yesterday .
` ` we made it through the yard but we did n't make it to the garden yet , carson says .
i sneak into the garden shed and look out the dusty window .
i watch mr . cameron chatting with blake about the state of the garden in the yard and get a sudden pang of sadness .
mr . cameron and robbie are already out there watching the dog foraging through the garden .
the old warehouse of new brown paint is eighteen stories tall with a front porch , three cold star ships , several nice living quarters , and an array of potted plants from my gardens .
then the town proper seems to devolve into a collection of residences and garden patches .
miss glory was out in her yard tending to her garden when a carriage stopped in front of her house .
it was domes and towers of stone among fountains , groves and flower gardens .
she visited its indoor fountains and gardens .
their world is a garden .
the road becomes many roads to outposts and gardens .
they slowed their descent above a small garden that was splitting apart .
` ` well ... of course , lord , from satan , in the garden , '' ira said , and continued .
they 're all over , '' he said , ` ` and the one we 're gon na get inside through , comes out in a big open area , sort'a like a garden , or a small park .
by the time the small group reached the air vent , and stood staring through it into the small garden , there were no dissenters among them .
ron and willie , finally managed to loosen the air vent , and the small group crept silently into the garden .
you can see it in his face sometimes when he looks out from the garden .
i went to people 's houses and made their gardens look nice .
no gardens that high .
there were well - tended crops , a garden at the front in full bloom and best of all it was secluded from the village at least two miles away .
* the following day i was sat out in the garden that stretched across the back of the house , taking in the bird calls and sipping lemonade from a chipped glass .
the guardians have rounded us up and brought us to a square named piccadilly gardens some minutes away from the library .
the narrow path snakes between two dilapidated buildings , a fifteen minute walk from piccadilly gardens .
many , in fact , have brought a supply of seeds with them , with the intention of starting backyard gardens on alpha ceres .
at first i was puzzled by this , but then mr . davenport told me that many families grew backyard gardens during the war because of food shortages .
yes , all principals dwelt in extravagant palaces sited in the midst of the forest where their subjects lodged , the palaces themselves being usually established on lofty hills hemmed in with flowing streams and lovely gardens swaying with flowers of all sorts as well as expanded forests that streamed with uniform tunes from the choir of restless birds .
holy bejebus boy that s heavy stuff you just rained down here on my garden , lucky looked positively frazzled .
then ... the mausoleum of halicarnassus , then the temple of artemis , then the statue of zeus , then the hanging gardens of babylon if they existed , and the oldest one of all , the great pyramid , still stands so that does nt really count .
the buildings were interspersed between marble and stone water features , and beautifully manicured gardens flowed throughout .
most had little gardens built on flat roofs , with hardy plants that could take a beating from the salty sea winds .
we 'd crossed over from the london of towers and money , now we were in the london of houses and gardens .
it felt like i had only been up there a few minutes when from the castle garden there came an irregular crunching noise .
she also edged the walkway and the bricks forming a border for her flower garden .
you do nt have a garden or a lawn .
suella found wheatgrass paste and a whole garden harvest of colorful vegetables to go with several different variations of texturized protein products .
it was no wonder that such a large guardian was placed around the garden of galar .
the accidental switch first happened the beginning of the quarter of the new moon of bulanirusix days prior with a different man on the path to the garden .
she s one of the girls i work with at the garden .
what had happened with the man on the path to the garden the beginning of the quarter , six days prior , ravno had been on his way to the garden .
what had happened with the man on the path to the garden the beginning of the quarter , six days prior , ravno had been on his way to the garden .
he usually kept to flat ground in the garden bed , maintaining the compost , and delivering produce on a bicycle and trailer to the mercato in nearby phoyara .
he turned back to the garden , his thoughts reeling .
presently , ravno stood in the garden , first hand on the shovel and his second itching the back of his head .
no , i live in mara , but i work the vorra garden and bring vegetables to the city , he said , if people need more than what they re already growing in the packs .
oh we have plenty here , and we get more from the gardens at notou .
the red capa on the path to the garden , mr . sunshine on the boto , and aron at the ishis .
he was among the tables in the phoyara mercato , an open food market for those in the city that lacked supplies from their own pack gardens .
ravno thought it strange she was not at the garden .
after he returned the bicycle and trailer to the gardens at vorras threshold , ravno found himself again at the footbridge to cross duat canal .
another young man stooped in the gardens at the base of vorra mound , his mind split between the task at hand and the hands of his minds task .
ravno also watched through kars eyes when she waved to him as he started out across the gardens to the city , and when she resumed her sorting of seeds ; ravno savored the success of riding the bicycle even as he switched with her .
the mans emotional mulch sorely affected ravno , even after he switched back and found himself on the garden path to return the trailer .
the gale had cleared and vorra overshadowed the garden where he entered by the broad - leafed rutabagas and sprouts .
a modest garden sat in the center of the pack and featured most of the key seasonal forest fruits : arugula , dragon tongue bush beans , broccoli , endive , bulls blood beets and brussels sprouts , florence fennel , garlic , kale , carrots , corn and cauliflower , radicchio , rhubarb , parsnip , potatoes and pumpkins .
contents like the sun at eight in the morning js bach in venise h5n1 farewell to paradise lane plant no trees in the garden unaccompanied cello the revolt ashtrays and moons a penny from calistro christmas trees at dawn papy on the river at theveterinarian 's waiting for the train sequels the slush machine arthur and jack intruders the full - face silhouette literary exchange witch miraculous encounter books contact like the sun at eight in the morning philip richmond learned what he called the fantastic news in early june .
he lies deep in the garden far from birds .
but in those retrospectively happy days paul jacobs called it paradise lane because it led to his edenic garden , honored by six illustrated pages in classy jardins et maisons and the subject of hundreds of his paintings , eight of which he d sold , largely to friends and neighbors .
wherever he set up his easel in his garden the prospect was marvelously timeless , the century held at bay : wheat fields to the north .
and when they d scraped up enough money to visit far - away places like india or peru , there were always improvements and repairs to be made on the house , bits of land to be purchased to round out the garden .
after , he conducted a tour of his flowers and enjoyed his daughter - in - laws ecstatic exclamations and then her appreciative sounds as he showed off his latest paintings of those same flowers hanging on the living room wall like so many additional windows on his garden .
they both understood that denises house had a new owner and that his handyman had been let loose in her garden and had got his instructions all wrong .
paul entered denises garden as he d done a thousand times over thirty years .
they absolutely had to contact the new owner , she explained , and tell him that his drunk handyman was destroying everything in denises garden .
choking billows of black smoke drifted at ground level over their garden , soiling the flowers .
i refuse to let anybody evict me from my garden .
the only faintly interesting thing paul saw was a giant trompe - loeil painting on a blind faade representing a tropical garden .
nine times out of ten when paul ventured forth into his garden , as silently as possible and hidden by the vegetation that cascaded elegantly down his fence , the dog ( paul called him nazi ) let loose hysterical salvos of barks .
he imagined nazi hurtling over the low chestnut panel fence , landing in the garden , crushing precious fragile things .
he s in the garden .
he even apprehended the next visit of his granddaughter emilie , his greatest joy in life along with his garden .
he recalled the poem he d extemporized in the garden in the days of denise , a century ago it seemed : paradise lane without it insane i d be he was tragically without it now .
or why not turn the wall into a pleasant vertical garden : plant soapwort , stonecrop , alyssum , harebell , maiden pink , candytuft , aubrietia .
he recalled the tropical garden trompe - loeil on that blind paris wall and imagined an ambitious fresco here depicting the pre - catastrophe lane , paradise regained : denises irises and peach tree and hornbeam hedge resuscitated and denise herself , young , lovely , standing in the open gateway with a proffered rose - cutting and smiling .
* * * * plant no trees in the garden one november day , just after he d bedded emily , his wife timidly suggested planting a walnut tree .
anyhow the garden was too small for something that size .
having to rely on someone else would estrange him from his garden , he felt , and confirm his decline .
in the garden mommas roses were dirty too and momma would try to clean them with the hose but that was bad for the petals , she said .
so momma could nt see her , she sneaked into the garden with it .
alongside it the window framed the big oak in the garden with the childrens swing .
we yelled at him the things we remembered from his memories : banks bristling with fishing poles , wheat fields with poppies , neat kitchen gardens , couples dancing in the riverside caf under the garlands .
my wife found him in her garden twenty - one years ago .
some people prefer to bury their animals in their garden .
he got up and looked at the dim empty garden .
later he visited the kitchen garden he d dug for her .
we were going north again , a short way , and we were outside a small , neat house , with a modest garden and a plaque at the front .
' do n't forget to plant plenty of lettuces when you get back in your garden . '
3 it 's nice to be back in my garden , i work away , enjoying the winter sunshine .
castor clears the rotting remnants of the slimeball with a quasar torpedo , splattering it around the garden .
i ' m planting out the garden and the seeds grow like straight away , really quickly and keep growing and growing .
at first i ' m a little kid in a magic garden and skip around popping open giant pea pods and picking strawberries the size of watermelons , then the veges grow up blocking out the sun and i feel like an ant in the amazon rain forest .
i get quite attached to it ; i twiddle with it , i use it for weeding in the garden and for killing fish , and when my hair grows long again , i pile it up in a bun on top of my head and use the fang to hold it in place .
back in at the table he places the seeds in various spots around the house and garden and along behind the beach and draws circles around them .
we fill most of the hole with wheelbarrows full of compost from the garden then carefully plant the seed , crumbling the dirt up with our fingers so it 's easy for it to grow .
the compost from the slimeball has made the soil super fertile and my garden is flourishing ; its full of tall weeds .
with so much happening since christmas i have n't spent enough time in the garden .
normally they work with me , now they 're all down the far end of the garden , planting potatoes and celery and staying as far away from my storm cloud as they can get .
the lawns are mown , the garden is weeded and dinner is cooked .
the garden 's doing well ; with the slimeball compost , everything is growing like crazy .
it 's autumn , the time of plenty , and there 's lots to do in the garden .
while she 's drinking it , i run out to the garden and pick a couple of lettuces from the green house .
we feed him on carrots and lettuces , fresh from the garden and massage him all over with a scrubbing brush twice a day .
she has immense power at her fingertips yet is probably pottering in the garden weeding , or throwing stones at the seagulls or something like that .
having seen a few bolts of lightning coming from the other end of the beach , it looks like jesus 's garden is under attack as well .
do n't let those slimeballs anywhere near my house , or the garden , or- ' i stop and think or a moment , ' or , the paddock , or the bluff , or tat . '
the garden has been planted out , and although some of the plants look a little confused , is flourishing .
vinny walks as far as the garden , but then his legs stop working , so he goes on my shoulders while the bigger kids run ahead down the narrow track through the sugar cane .
i can leave the house with a clear cloudless sky , arrive in the garden in the middle of a rain squall and have to ask castor to help me find my way back to the house with my bunch of carrots because the fog 's so thick .
he 's out the door and heading down the path to the garden .
we spend a lot of time in the garden , planting and weeding .
he 's led us up the garden path , changing information and blocking data .
it 's about a week later and they 're having a special dinner in the garden to celebrate the new baby .
37 we tumble to the ground in the walled garden on mulo .
we sit in their garden and make girls talk while zeus tends to his roses .
now , i ' m no slouch at wandering , mind you , but i find myself returning every so often to linger here on this small green garden planet of ours , the only place in the galaxy ( as far as i know ) where carbon - based life and awareness awoke and rose up from the primordial seas .
grimm 's place had been lovingly dubbed ' octopus ' garden ' , back in the seventies .
our dear wheeley can also suck a golf ball through a garden hose , i ' ve been told .
it ca n't be natty gazed in stupefied astonishment at the horrific image on the screen : the master 's estate octopus garden was completely engulfed in flames , as the breathless bbc announcer bleated : metro police and scotland yard have not yet officially issued a statement , but sources close to the metro police confirm to the bbc that seven people perished in the pre - dawn blast , including the owner of the manor , benjamin grimm wilde , notorious luciferian and underworld crime boss .
13 : ascension and succession august 6 , the white house rose garden my fellow americans .
the haunting hymn soothed the frightened and grieving gathering in the rose garden , and more than a few of the millions of viewers worldwide .
standing in the rose garden in front of a television audience estimated at one billion , and a crowd of approximately 100 selected attendees , including the citizens advisory council , the president appears to have spontaneously combusted .
late that night judy baggins shivered naked in the moonlight and made a pact with the moon goddess , after pricking her forefinger to let her blood flow into her garden .
and i was called in to octopus ' garden and received my assignment .
peace be with you all i have come again after many incarnations to dwell among my children all of you are my children come , drop your weapons and toys and come bathe with me in the healing tears that i have shed from down on high in my sadness at what you , my frightened and wayward ones , have done to this garden planet , once so perfect and oh so beautiful , ah , the polar ice cream caps , frost giants , and scary sea serpents i have returned just in the nick of time to restore this habitation that i brought forth into being from nothing but a spark of light in my mind and the love in my heart for you all , even you russians oh how you have yearned and prayed for this blessed day , when i begin to renew the cycle of lushness um , dancing pandas , gentle rains , laughing giraffes , honeysuckle temples , fetching moist maidens , and upright masculine surfer poets this garden of earthly delights , cornucopias , noontime nooky and plenty of iteven leftovers and sloppy secondsall out of my head all out of my head all out of my headi am doing this all of this for you you you out of love love love hubba hubba mere words can not even express my love for all of you , and what i bring to all of you , even you fat and ugly ones !
peace be with you all i have come again after many incarnations to dwell among my children all of you are my children come , drop your weapons and toys and come bathe with me in the healing tears that i have shed from down on high in my sadness at what you , my frightened and wayward ones , have done to this garden planet , once so perfect and oh so beautiful , ah , the polar ice cream caps , frost giants , and scary sea serpents i have returned just in the nick of time to restore this habitation that i brought forth into being from nothing but a spark of light in my mind and the love in my heart for you all , even you russians oh how you have yearned and prayed for this blessed day , when i begin to renew the cycle of lushness um , dancing pandas , gentle rains , laughing giraffes , honeysuckle temples , fetching moist maidens , and upright masculine surfer poets this garden of earthly delights , cornucopias , noontime nooky and plenty of iteven leftovers and sloppy secondsall out of my head all out of my head all out of my headi am doing this all of this for you you you out of love love love hubba hubba mere words can not even express my love for all of you , and what i bring to all of you , even you fat and ugly ones !
i planted that bloody bomb at octopus ' garden .
75 : puffy white clouds president morgan scheduled the ceremony in the rose garden , because the weather was just perfect : relatively low humidity , and a projected high of 80 degrees .
( brown had been disowned by her surviving brothers , and none of them showed up at the funeral , let alone the ceremony in the rose garden . )
in closing , my fellow americans the cams were covered with hoods , and the rose garden was cleared except for secret service agents and the paramedics .
aea and i managed to do some sightseeing , and checked out abbey road and the burned - out ruins of octopus ' garden , now a popular tourist stop .
his garden .
he got out the garden hose from the backyard and threw it onto the terracotta tiled roof above the garage , below the balcony .
there was no way a tiny garden hose was going to stand up against that firestorm .
now , sitting on the steps amid the thick heavy scent of holidays garden and the late summer morning , too tired to do the next thing , whatever that was , they listened to the overwhelming silence all around them .
some garden tools .
not where i was , she said , and continued to stare out the window at the hazy summer day and perfect garden just beyond the window .
now the house as it was in this time - stratum emerged out of a sea of weeds , once a big lawn and flower garden .
through the meshes of the fence i saw the vestiges of mrs morgensterns big flower garden .
and , gosh , the garden .
what would nt i do with that garden ?
i got up and went outside into the mowed part of the garden .
if heaven was the garden of eden she would nt ask for wings or a harp but a spade and a rake .
when i was in the garden i often caught her peering down at me through a dirty pane .
for some reason he started for the long strip of garden where shed planted the tulips .
then steady cold rain set in so i had the best of reasons for not going out into the garden except to burn the rubbish , with harvey looking on .
i retreated , jabbing away with the mop as i d done with the spade at beth andersons son in her garden at two in the morning months before .
one blowy overcast march morning i found harvey in the garden under his black umbrella despite the clouds , in case of a surprise attack of sunshine .
she kept me busy weeding her tulip strip , picking up seeds and fertilizer at the garden center , shopping in the supermarket .
by this time harvey had finished the work on the second - generation sensors ( with a slew of bits and scraps i had to burn three days running in the garden ) .
( he did nt even go outside to watch me burning things in the garden although i did see him at a window inspecting the job . )
so to occupy the present i went outside , for the first time in weeks , not counting my contractual garden fires .
blundered out into the meaningless real world , the garden .
he was urinating in the rank garden just out of the shadow of the elm - tree .
this huge once - garden of his where you half expected a tiger to slink out of the man - high weeds , would nt it look better full of flowers like the other side of the fence ?
i d picked up garden - center catalogs , another precious new activity , and asked her what she would plant if suddenly she had extra land .
but maybe she was nt thinking of the garden , not even seeing it .
at a safe distance from the window i saw through the fence the shadow of the elm in harveys rank garden , branches and twigs alive in the blowing high dead weeds .
my despair and rage were finally laid out like a classical french garden .
he remembers harveys strip of garden and the house on the beach .
she still wants to sit in the garden .
they ll turn the jungle into a garden of eden , he says .
she must miss her garden .
a tall , gangly man said , shading his eyes to watch the planes and bats passing high overhead , cutting through the columns of smoke that seemed to be everywhere , like weeds in an overgrown garden .
a go'shin , wearing his toga wrapped about his waist to show his married status , was clearing clumps of weeds from a narrow irrigation channel that took water from a well to the vegetable gardens .
men like the one you have tending to your garden every week , councilor .
but it 's our rose garden , if you will ?
while the meat cooks , i go to the sunken garden i ve hidden in the ruined half of the library .
it takes two to three months to grow good - sized vegetables from seed and the garden is nt big enough for me to utilize it every day , but somethings different about today .
fresh tomatoes from my garden .
my tomatoes are in the hidden garden , but ill be damned if i give my captors a single bite , even if it means i have to starve with them .
she stands in a garden , green surrounding her everywhere .
becca is not alone in the garden , though .
no one notices her as the crowd swells past her and to a grand fountain in the heart of the garden .
her parents walk her down to the garden at the edge of town , their white masks seeming to glitter in the sunlight .
quills mask in the sunlight of the garden flashes before her eyes and she drops the book onto the table .
the houses were two - storey terraces with small gravel front gardens .
a large delivery truck had ploughed into the communal garden , knocking the black iron - wrought fence over and uprooting a tree .
he pulled himself up to look into another garden .
the next garden had a large collection of gnomes , each smiling and carrying out their duties .
if she was in a garden she would have found a gap and crawled through .
chris crouched down and stepped through the gap and into the garden .
more zombies filtered into the back garden now , and maisie knew it would nt be long before they breached .
shifters way was a veritable , three - dimensional jungle encased by a canopy of reddish - gold foliage , replete with lush hanging fern gardens , reefs of countless epiphytes , bushes bursting with blooms and ripe berries and thickets of creeping vines .
with a garden to separate its space from the defense shell , the inner shell consisted of servant houses and trade houses .
each shells separation was clear with a spacious garden to surround inner shells , which had exquisite real - life - size statues here and there .
it had a particularly large garden cultivating herbs and vegetables served to the royals .
the sarumese dedicated a great portion of their land to gardens and the culbert property also boasted a beautiful garden .
the sarumese dedicated a great portion of their land to gardens and the culbert property also boasted a beautiful garden .
this was the irrigation system for the culbert propertys garden .
carmen pointed , look there , vegetable gardens .
all the visible windows were missing and in their place were steel bars filled with hanging gardens of lush green .
my name is penny , penny welder from the banjo crew , not the other one in the garden building .
the people had come from secret gardens atop hotels and from dusty tunnels that ran beneath the streets .
i would very much like to see the garden building .
if we can understand what makes the infected become so ferociously insane , it may be possible to eliminate that condition , leaving the victim cognitive and essentially perfect as adam in the garden of eden .
i would nt know a sewage pump from a garden sprinkler .
the saint looked towards something a bit further north of their location , on the same side of the street : a movers garden .
movers gardens were practically insults to the cypher , taking advantage of something created strictly out of necessity to craft something of artistic merit .
despite the grime on the inside of the glass above , a decent amount of light was coming from the dome ceiling windows of the place , where the movers garden was .
however , food rations , and living conditions considered : it would not be comfortable and i estimate the ship would only have room for food to last up to five years even if the on - ship garden was restarted .
given the current political climate , my students are more than likely to believe the government has a secret agencycall them the men in black , majestic 12 , project blue book , or whatever you willwhose sole purpose is to squash reports of alien abductions , evidence of life on mars or the secret location of atlantis or the garden of eden .
earth scientists were brought to gaia and regaled with similar wonders : the gardens of setialpha prefecture , the statue of zeus at olympia , the effigy of kronos , and the catacombs of xianchiu prefecture among others .
motar prefect sat at arm 's length from reyes on a bench in the prefecture gardens .
lexa crawled into the garden shed and disabled all the safeguards .
the door started to close , and they rolled out of its way into the edge of marens garden by the gate .
and the lights in the garden would turn on the second you hit ground , anyway .
i remember when you were a small child , always hiding in the gardens .
from our little dome we have for the garden , i can see just a small section of the planet .
what had been a small garden in the centre of the down main platform , lovingly tended by the past station master was now a mass of rampant , tangled creeper .
the weeds rose above everyone in the party as they wended a circuitous path the houses on either side were partially obscured by unkempt gardens which had become havens for all kinds of plants , birds and animals .
chapter 22 the queen 's court jake and his companions eventually reached what appeared to be yet another derelict house with an overgrown garden .
it now had glistening white walls , windows magically unbroken , pathways clear of weeds and a beautifully tended garden .
wild ones certainly would n't be any better than the garden variety .
i promise you i am going to turn your ugly face into manure for our garden if you come anywhere near any of us .
chapter 19 may - crawfordton after the long , frigid winter , phil jumped at the chance to start getting his garden ready .
hunter and liam were pulling weeds in the garden .
but the hot weather was good for making the garden grow like a jungle .
she saw phil outside hauling some water from the rain water cistern to the garden .
she 's going over to the garden .
ella was playing as if she was very concerned with hyperthermia after hoeing the garden , displaying herself from different vantage points as she worked and wiped the sweat .
private preston martin could see to his side in the distance what was going on in the garden .
before she could grab her clothes and run to the gardening shed , the rest of the platoon passed by the garden on their way to reinforce the fort .
but ayanna learned the basic fact about boys even before ella demonstrated proof positive in the garden for the hexmen , that boys thought with the male member of their bodies .
we walked along a garden path bursting with flowers and trees .
it was almost funny that we walked through the gardens that kalkeus had worked so hard to make a reality .
water cascaded down echelons of thick garden greenery , a maze of winding staircases and meandering walkways in smooth marble .
stupid bitch chapter 7 the garden in the courtyard was a place that invited you to stay .
they climbed out and walked through onto a chute which gave them a gravity assisted slide down to a beautiful garden .
` ` does your majesty recall your garden ? ''
he bustled off into the garden and returned with a vast purple pumpkin .
in one of these complexes , a decaying condominium block stripped of furnishing and long abandoned after a fire , a single figure with an unusual silhouette sat , not quite alone , on a middle balcony overlooking the lexington sprawl as it shrank from abandoned housing blocks to re - purposed offices to mansions - turned - farming - communes , whose sprawling yards , gardens and wooded areas had long ago been turned to growing cheeseplum , soycorn and cigarleaf .
` ` it is n't for you , this is my bucket for breaks that i take from the garden . ''
away from the city center , ringed by a moat and a series of gardens was the palace where the emperor of tokyo2 lived .
it was not until the first users appeared and the gates were opened that the emperor 's descendants , whose families has survived off of the gardens and a few food synthesizers , were reuinited with their people .
the crowd carried a mixture of weapons , cricket bats , metal pokers , garden forks .
janice walked around the side of the cottage and found the garden shed .
after a couple of turns he came across a large military tent pitched in a front garden .
spades , garden forks , picks and shovels .
of course , next to his lab , the food court of the garden state plaza mall felt cozy .
erica could picture her sitting in a trellised garden enjoying her evening tea as she took the phone call .
i m happy here in my garden .
that s the interesting part , jeff said , pulling off of the turnpike and driving through the ez pass lane onto the garden state parkway .
for todays conversation , which had lasted all the way from the perth amboy exit on the garden state parkway all the way to the shore , he d actually had to drive with the phone illegally to his left ear .
chapter thirty - nine march 18 , 2022 the question in jeffs mind as he drove the garden state parkway , and then the new jersey turnpike , toward the city was whether it was actually possible to go back and restore dexters life for him .
meet us at noon tomorrow in the briar patch garden .
instead , the ogre tossed the axe away , stepped over to the garden , grabbed great handfuls of tomatoes , squashed them to a pulp , and started rubbing that pulp all over its midriff , legs , andmost peculiarly of all , inside its loin cloth .
i ' ve got a little glow in the dark garden gnome back in storage at the lodge that gets charged up by sunlight and says ` ` keep off the grass '' when it detects motion .
the passageway opened to a small backyard with a deep well and an unfinished garden .
then , very slowly , she took fistsized rocks from the garden and placed them on a metal grate above the fire .
jerry tore his list into five sections and sent people out to buy the needed items as others continued checking the electrical wiring , hvac , the roof and prepared the garden for flowers .
water poured from openings in the walls and formed streams that fed a garden at its center .
she looked in her son 's room first , went up into the bonus room and then outside into the garden but everything looked normal .
the first line means that the place well meet at is some kind of garden , or park , or something .
the concentric rings mean that the garden we need to find has overlapping circular paths in it .
one of the chapters described how he had visited a garden while traveling through italy .
he went into the maze garden and could nt find his way out .
his entourage went into the garden to retrieve him .
a superb military general , who had conquered most of the west at the time , got lost in a garden ?
resting on a serene yet remote plateau in the mountains , thick brush and large oaks mostly sealed off the home and its garden from the rest of the world .
their houses and gardens were built on the mounds plateau while the common people lived below .
the wild thyme unseen and the wild strawberry , the laughter in the garden , echoed ecstasy not lost , but requiring , pointing to the agony of death and birth .
even when we were old and bitter on the inside , even though we were still young and fresh on the outside , that idealistic scenario of a log cabin in the woods , with smoke pouring from the chimney , a vegetable garden in the backyard , fruit trees in the woods , kids running around , me chopping wood , her harvesting plants ( or maybe vice versa ) , it was all still there .
we ducked under decks , dove through bushes , and even waded through the man - made bird pond in one womans garden , all just to avoid being seen by the light .
he darted into somebodys garden and climbed a wall but another copter picked him up when he reached the adjoining street .
the hillside that lay on either side , the one that contained a beautiful garden , thirty years in the making , had completely eroded .
i have volunteered our back yard for one of the gardens .
she was adamant that all of the garden boxes be easy to break down and portable , just in case .
bailey was very excited about the new garden , and she asked me if she could help .
august 24 today we began a big project here in the village ; charlottes garden .
that made the garden space huge .
hopefully , it would be pure enough to use on the garden food .
it was designed so that almost every window looked out on a rose garden , with the backdrop of the open forest .
~~~ the seven of us walked up to the hospital , but bailey stayed behind to work with charlotte in the garden .
` ` come on , let me show you the garden .
` ` a garden ?
she brought gripper plates of vegetables from his garden and remained with him until he had eaten them all .
he perched delicately on the edge of one suspended planter , desolately inspecting his garden .
xia cracked open one eye as gripper climbed down off of the edge of his suspended garden , making his way carefully around slender illonium cabling that attached it to the ceiling struts .
tiberius was sitting at the mess table , shoveling down a plate of pan - browned minnas from gripper 's garden .
mother swore it to me in the lily gardens of the sua'ii na !
nothing that was n't part of a garden or sculpted topiary .
the garden was full of sounds .
orthain 's song , an ancient ballad of her family , filled the warm spring air with the subtle orchestra of the morningfire court garden .
the ballads that orthain sang to her in the gardens of her home .
tiberius sat in the corner , atop an empty cargo canister and stared up at the hydroponic garden suspended from the ceiling with a stunned , vacant expression .
he bent over and lifted a fistful of dirt , taken from the palace gardens in tiber .
in the gardens . ''
more brick , intricately patterned , made up the floor of the walkway and the garden .
so , after they had been in the dominion for five lunar cycles after the battle of the blood , he conferred with krynos and made arrangements to have a ceremony in the gardens outside of the throne area of the castle .
spring flowers were sprouting in the garden , and ariel spent hours out there in her sweats , doing yoga and practicing the various tai chi routines that she had begun to learn in dublin .
lets walk through the gardens , cillian suggested , and ariel considered the possibility that the man did nt necessarily trust the household help that cared for him .
ariel , before the entire kitchen empties out in the gardens to find us , i need to quickly tell you two things .
i was thinking , what if nico-1 ends up being like the garden of eden [ ii ] to us .
but anywhere you are , is like the garden of eden to me , elexander .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ [ i ] romans 8:28 [ ii ] genesis 2:8 - 15 chapter 1 2168 february juna strolled through the lush nico-1 garden for the last time .
the beautiful garden had a large hedge of stone surrounded by fragrant pink and yellow flowers , thick grass that felt like carpet beneath the feet , and two groves of trees that were separated by a babbling brook .
and the air the air in the garden and everywhere else on nico-1 was extremely refreshing .
the whole planet was like one big fertile garden .
then pushing all negative feelings aside , the enamored scientist whisked his radiant wife away to their favorite spot in the whole garden .
as if she understood the significance of this moment , mamba exited the garden to allow the humans more privacy .
neither were aware that this particular garden spot was the same place that elexander and juna manning had taken their last walk on hekima .
the whole time afua was on hekima , she thought about how it truly was like the garden of eden .
nine earth months from now you will have a child , the mature buck said as they walked in the same garden that she and juna had communed in so long ago .
he would stop and peer down dizzying crevasses spraying his led light around like a garden hose .
huge , curtained windows looked out on a brightly - hued formal garden .
he drifted off the press conference platform and ambled aimlessly through city halls formal gardens , ablaze with daffodils and tulips .
as the group gathered on the lawn in the rose garden , quietly mumbling to one another and trying to make sense of the situation , dixon suddenly raised his hand .
both my grandfather and my uncle were out in the garden when it hit .
this is amazing , all these black as night tunnels , but in the living area sky lights , windows , courtyard gardens , wow !
wolf intones , life is long and wonderful , it ebbs and flows , like perennials in a garden .
and have a little house and garden with vegetables . ''
i remember as a child finding a ganymedian toad in our garden .
and higher still , all around the tail , she saw the hanging gardens , rising sixty feet into the air .
high above her , in the hanging gardens , she saw three burly mechanics in hard hats .
into the hanging gardens .
by now the workers on the floor had seen her badge , seen the blue stripe , and were confused - why was an executive hanging from the gardens ?
` ` by the way , '' teddy said , ` ` i hear you toured the gardens , between shifts ... '' ` ` yeah , i did . ''
as though he might be talking about the coming of a rainstorm tomorrow afternoon , or the expected blossoming of some rare plant next week in the municipal botanical garden .
he would be in his hotel room , working on his report , when suddenly he would feel darkness closing in on him , and he would find it necessary to get up and go out on his terrace , or even to leave the building entirely for a long stroll in the hotel garden .
there was a small botanical garden behind it , and an experimental arboretum on the hillside beyond that , at the edge of the forest that encircled the campus .
she sprinted past the botany building and easily leaped the low fence around the botanical garden .
he wore the olive - drab uniform of the university gardeners ; and he was methodically mowing the bushes , cutting a wide swath of destruction back and forth across the center of the garden .
as if they mean simply to have a brief holiday during the time of chaos , and then go home to their books and their bric - a - brac , their closets full of nice clothing , their gardens , their patios .
he felt a little like the small boy in the fable who has been given the magic key to the garden of the gods , where fountains of honey flow and gumdrops grow on every bush , but who is too small to reach up and put it in the keyhole .
there were humans in the garden of eden and also the serpent , which ` ` was more subtil than any beast of the field . ''
and because of the infection , man was driven out of the garden of eternal life .
outside , they strolled through the inn 's rock garden , where tall lamps made shadows stretch out from human - sized mineral formations .
terraced gardens spilled down the hill , and directly ahead was an elegant marble castle in miniature .
` ` partly , and partly because by that time there are usually new plans for the gardens , and it is new ideas and new schemes we must have .
there are almost five hundred square kilometers in the gardens and parklands , and it usually takes some years to reorganize it , and it is myself who will have to supervise it all .
the parks they have here under the dome are n't gardens .
ching wandered into the garden .
he complains that his home is surrounded and that there are things staring through the glass roof of his garden . ''
it was just that looking outward through the same windows before which lay the city , one could see the stars and among them the outer worlds , where there were no cities but only gardens ; where the lawns were streaks of emerald , where all human beings were kings , and where all good earthmen earnestly and vainly hoped to go some day .
he was in the rarest of all appurtenances of terrestrial luxury - a roof garden .
he gave the little knife careful scrutiny too , testing it on a piece of wood he had picked up in the garden to see how useful it would be .
each house had its own vegetable garden and the streets , although paved , had an unfinished look about them .
caliban had seen many other work crews come out in the last hour or so , likewise doing needless maintenance work : searching for litter that was not there ; polishing the gleaming windows ; weeding the weedless gardens and lawns of the parks ; busily keeping the empty city core shining and perfect .
when kresh had taken office , the city of hades had been all but literally on the verge of drying up and blowing away , the deserts had been spreading , the plants dying , the flower beds and gardens covered with the dust that blew into town with every gust of wind .
on the same principle of informal comfort , his breakfast room was large , cool and shady , with the table facing large bay windows that looked out over a meticulously well - kept garden .
most mornings davlo enjoyed watching the garden robots at their tasks , and used the time to decide what else needed doing about the place , but this morning he hardly paid the yardwork any notice at all .
` ` make sure the garden staff checks carefully for storm damage , and clears out any storm debris , '' davlo said .
forests , gardens , fishponds , farms , orchards - they had created them all .
even if you know the basic theory , it is a very difficult and long sustained process to so lead the robot down the garden path , so to speak , by a skillful succession of questions and orders as to finally induce the mental freeze - out .
in addition to fish in the sea , there are gardens and truck farms everywhere .
seldon looked out of the window and the lawns and small garden of the university campus , brilliantly lit without shadows or oppressive heat , and said thoughtfully , ` ` i do n't know that i can blame trantorians for liking the comfort of being within , but i should think curiosity would drive some upperside .
the screen showed an idyllic garden bursting with blooms , the camera panning over it slowly .
when they were within half a meter of the screen , a soft insinuating voice made itself heard : ` ` the garden of antennin , as reproduced from ancient guidebooks and photographs , located in the outskirts of eos .
` ` partly and partly because by that time there are usually new plans for the gardens and it is new ideas and new schemes we must have .
there are almost five hundred square kilometers in the gardens and parklands and it usually takes some years to reorganize it and it is myself who will have to supervise it all .
taking up a hand hoe , she attacked some weeds that had sprung up in her small flower garden outside the psychohistory building at streeling .
a sidewalk swept between a pair of vicious - looking stone gargoyles four feet high , and led through a rose garden bedded with pure white gravel .
their spreading tendrils twined all around the entirety of the garden and over the feet of the crouching gargoyles .
` ` your sister requests that you join her for breakfast in the east garden . ''
the guards accompanied us out into a truly gorgeous terraced garden , a number drawn straight from the italian renaissance , with faux ruins , ancient statues of the gods , and a design overgrown enough to prevent seeing much at a time , the better to spend more time exploring .
` ` why do n't you go see her , '' lara suggested , and nodded toward a lower portion of the garden , where i could see justine , in her wheelchair , sketching something on a pad across her lap .
they slipped out , dropping to the soft earth of the garden .
there was a quiet waterfall at the far end of the chamber , running down into a pool , surrounded by a garden of living trees and plants and the chirp of the occasional bird .
i was in a garden .
grassy paths wound through the irregularly shaped garden , twisting and turning this way and that .
it was just a sleepy afternoon in a very pleasant , pretty garden .
` ` i do n't think this is a garden at all ! ''
` ` the garden , the one on the other side of this place ...
` ` you left a considerable trove of equipment in my garden for safekeeping . ''
in lea 's bloodthirsty garden , they were probably safer than they had been in my apartment in the first place .
my guns had been riding with the rest of my contraband when it got buried in lea 's garden , and i did n't like going unarmed on general principles .
each floor was open to the atrium , and between the plants , decorative trees , the waterfall , and all the windows plus the skylights far above , the entire building looked like a single , massive garden .
tylenol 3 is good stuff , but it is also illegal stuff to have without a prescription if you are n't canadian , so it was currently buried in my godmother 's insane garden .
this room , this sisterhood , these were her garden and there were weeds to be removed , seeds to plant .
` ` gardens must support far more than eyes and nose . ''
working in a flower garden !
the by - now - familiar garden landscape stretched out behind them : floral bushes ( roses , he thought ) , rolling lawns , tall trees .
yes , these communities were much alike : mostly low structures set in garden plots and orchards , school centers for specific training .
they were wandering around in the garden when i awoke . ''
windows along one side revealed a garden court under a translucent cover .
abruptly , the shimmering net from his vision replaced scrolling weapons and he saw the elderly couple in their garden .
the elite had lived in garden mansions on top .
windows on one long wall revealed flagstones and gardens beyond .
it was the gardens beyond the flagstones , identification of plantings .
they stood almost shoulder to shoulder and odrade , gazing outward at the garden , was struck by the almost bene gesserit appearance .
one small window looking over the carefully manicured botanical garden .
the citadel lay in a gigantic botanical garden , strange trees and even stranger bushes mingled with prosaic plantings , all scattered around as though thrown there by a dancing child .
it was dragging itself over the ground , probably making a mess of the gardens .
they stood about one hundred meters above the botanical gardens where much of the fiercest conflict had taken place .
he decided it was partly the landscaped setting , a place better suited to garden parties , now torn by an ancient pattern of violence .
the old woman rubbed her hands down the stained front of her garden apron .
plantings of resilient fuzz - grass filled the garden 's pathways .
ignoring the guard , alia stared across the roof garden toward the shield wall .
-testament of arrakis by harq al - ada farad'n strode through the garden compound of his grandfather 's royal palace , watching his shadow grow shorter as the sun of salusa secundus climbed toward noon .
i ' ve not looked outside our garden of time - at least not by seeking it out .
her window overlooked a courtyard garden one story down .
you shall have no garden , nor tree nor bush .
the hour was shortly after breakfast , the golden sun of salusa secundus just beginning to touch the far wall of the enclosed garden which she could see from her window .
she turned away as she came to the stairs , went down them and through a short passage into the garden below her windows .
she stood at the edge of the roof garden atop the keep , the setting sun at her back .
she recalled that sharing as she stood in the sunset glow at the edge of the keep 's roof garden .
jessica could just see the top of a tree in the courtyard garden when she glanced across from her position standing against the far wall .
` ` this is no garden , '' leto said , ` ` but you are welcome to share this place with me tonight . ''
the garden - hopeful planners of the sietch had planted a special tree there and it was doomed unless the water flow could be restored soon .
directly in front of her lay a broken wall which once had protected a mushtamal , a small garden annex .
you will rebuild your qanat and begin planting an oasis garden .
leto will lead humankind through that garden for at least four thousand years . ''
like all of them , he had a big garden out on the sides and rear of his house , and in the evenings and on weekends he used to appear wearing khaki pants , a t - shirt , and tennis shoes , with an armload of garden hose and a sack of fertilizer , a rake and a shovel .
like all of them , he had a big garden out on the sides and rear of his house , and in the evenings and on weekends he used to appear wearing khaki pants , a t - shirt , and tennis shoes , with an armload of garden hose and a sack of fertilizer , a rake and a shovel .
i used to watch him scratching out the weeds around the pumpkins , and i 'd always say : ` ` there 's jack pumpkinhead out in his garden , again .
for a while i had the fear - it bothered me for weeks - that one day he 'd be out in the garden , or walking down his path to get into his car , and his neck would snap and his head would bounce off his shoulders and roll down to his feet .
that 's why i spend most of my time in the garden .
so i got the trowel and began weeding in the garden , a good exercise , that squatting and weeding ; the best in the world .
evidently they had used it for storage ; we had to carry out one armload after another of garden tools , children 's discarded games and toys , even a bed that the collie dog had spent time in .
he seemed to resent her asking him to do anything , even to helping her around the garden .
in the center of the grove he saw a small old farmhouse , well - kept , with a garden and palm tree in front of it , and side buildings that looked much older than any he had seen in california except for the spanish adobe buildings which of course wene now all historical monuments .
the garden , too , had a brown quality , and the palm tree had the thick , hairy quality usual with trees of its kind .
she wants a home , a husband , and her idea of a husband is a man who earns a certain amount of money , helps around the garden , does the dishes ... ... the idea of a good husband that 's found in cartoons in this week magazine ; a viewpoint from the most ordinary stratum , that great ubiquitous world of bourgeois family life , transmitted from generation to generation .
i found claudia out in her cactus garden , weeding .
i spent the day outdoors working in the hambros ' terraced gardens , one of the tasks i had undertaken as a means of repaying them for their hospitality .
` ` virunga 's not exactly a garden spot these days , '' munro continued .
there 's a small garden in the middle of the room .
we return to the room with the garden and raz constructs a new window .
a garden spider had about as much chance of trapping a bengal tiger .
if the front of the carpenter home would have qualified for better homes and gardens , the back would have been fit for a craftsman commercial .
inborn quality in herbert g , who , right now , scratched within the succulent garden for bugs .
that 's what you crave and he -- the first of us in the garden -- craved .
is this the tree from which the christian - jewish idea of the serpent in the garden of eden comes ? ''
` ` it 's our understanding that the garden of eden is located around a hundred miles to the east , '' jackson said .
a garden hoe .
a cat - carrying cage , caved in , its wire sides jabbing up like a garden of spikes .
the fall of satan , the fall of man , the crucifixion of christ ... out of those dreadful , evil acts came good ; out of the fall of man and the expulsion from the garden , man learned love .
the garden had perished during the war and the path had ruptured in a thousand places .
moonlight slanted down into an enclosed garden , sentinel trees and broad leaves , wet foliage .
momentarily , he saw the garden through fremen eyes : alien , menacing , dangerous in its waste of water .
it requires an approach , so it is said , where the slightest miscalculation would plunge him down a sheer cliff of wall into one of his accursed gardens . ''
` ` but there was some confusion in the formal gardens , '' korba said .
` ` were there many strangers in the gardens ? ''
` ` i do n't like the intrusion into the gardens , '' paul said .
` ` the strangers in the gardens , sire ? ''
a shower of sweet odors from a garden roof nibbled at his senses , but no floral perfume could roll back that fallen moon .
disengage ... disengage ... disengage ... floral perfume from the garden roof reminded him of chani .
he stood , crossed to the lapped opening in the grillwork , went out onto a balcony which looked upward to flowers and vines trailing from the garden .
he tore his gaze from it , peered upward past the garden to a sky become a conflagration - trails of rainbow dust shining in the silver sun .
bright sunlight poured through from an open space with a garden and a fountain .
he had looked down upon her from a window as she crossed an inner garden with its formal pond , its fluting fountains , fronds of pampas grass and a white belvedere .
he vows the wretched slippers shall do him no further harm and , to be certain , goes to his garden with a shovel and buries them .
they stood atop a flat - roofed building ; apparently , some elantrians had preferred flat roofs as opposed to peaks or domes , for the flat sections allowed for rooftop gardens .
it consisted of five or six long buildings and a lot of open space - ground that had probably once held grass or gardens , both things that would have been eaten to their roots long ago by elantris 's starving inhabitants .
the man worked in the large area beside the church that had probably once been a garden .
goodness knows we have enough free time to work a garden or two . ''
raoden nodded , lying on his stomach near the edge of what was once a garden wall , still watching ien .
galladon nodded , joining raoden beside the wall , looking out at the large crew of people who were clearing the chapel 's garden area .
` ` that garden is big , and it 's nearly completely cleared . ''
` ` it will be little more than a garden . ''
` ` we wo n't need this for another few days - i ' m going to have to figure out a way to plow that garden . ''
` ` collect the creature and meet me in the gardens . ''
they fought in an efficient line , blocking their enemy 's path to the rest of the gardens , working with the coordination of trained soldiers .
they had eventually decided to hold this meeting in the gardens of kae 's korathi chapel .
` ` anyway , '' sarene said impatiently , trying to keep the meeting on track as she paced across the loamy garden floor .
the men shot each other knowing looks in the dense korathi garden .
shaor 's men had tried to capture the garden three more times .
galladon turned around , looking back at the garden .
he should have thought a little more before he put the garden behind his own home : the scent of rotting fish was not something he looked forward to .
pointing toward an enclosed sculpture garden to one side of the pavilion .
sensing her disposition , the duke bid lukel farewell , pleading the need to check on the food in other parts of the garden .
with shade and a wooden floor , roial 's garden pavilion was a perfect place for practice .
sarene could see them following as she and kaloo moved out into the flat courtyard at the center of roial 's gardens .
he seemed surprised when he stepped onto brick instead of grass , arriving at the fountain centerpiece of roial 's gardens .
i spend a lot of time in the local garden . ''
with its own sculptor , its own garden of delight ( a growing forest of new works by the copied master ) , its new titanic mind with which to contemplate and compose reveries to vaddum 's work , it has had a few good years .
from shipping manifests and production records it can enumerate precisely what will be obliterated when it triggers the explosion : all the garden gnomes and humidifiers and prosthetic hands catalogued , every gram of matter that will be returned to malvir in the dusty rains of the next few decades , every bit of crap , all that stuff ... destroyed .
or perhaps the whole project was older than the blast , a hidden garden never offered for sale .
the desk of farad sinter was smooth and elegant , crafted from karon wood from the imperial gardens , a gift from klayus i .
wild creatures could only be found on those fifty thousand worlds put aside as hunting and zoo preserves : the garden planets so popular with klayus , planets where citizens could only visit with imperial permission .
he strongly believed in turning the forest into a garden with lots of gardeners and never any fires .
he dreamed he was a pan again , in the garden park , with dors playing an opposite female , their minds welded to the minds of the simians .
on the left and all around the city there are the houses and the gardens of your servitors .
houses , gardens ... you can not exult at new mysteries in such a landscape . ''
there at the outskirts of onn lay the orchards and gardens which helped to feed the city .
this landscape reminded him of caladan 's lush gardens and made him wonder what had become of the verdant planet where the atreides had lived for so many generations before coming to dune .
idaho saw orchards on some of the slopes above the village , terraced gardens rising in steps toward a small saddle where hawks could be seen gliding on the day 's first updrafts .
idaho turned away from the square , striding briskly up to the end where the village merged into gardens and orchards .
he looked around at the walls which set off pastureland , gardens and orchards .
his museum fremen tended date palms , tall grasses and even truck gardens there .
one led directly outside across a garden .
the garden was protected by buildings on three sides .
the door from the garden opened without a knock and teishar , an aide to garun , entered .
the room 's bow windows looked eastward onto garden and lawn with faraway snowy mountains of chapter house planet as backdrop .
his extensive acreage here on lernaeus was essentially a research garden .
other worshipers made way for him as he went back to the inner corridors and entered the slide passage that dropped him to the central garden where he had asked his councillors to meet him .
waff emerged from the slide into a central garden filled with sunlight by prismatic reflectors on the surrounding rooftops .
above these structures rose the walls of terraced gardens and the high profiles of giant windtraps , then the temple complex within its own water barriers .
these were words she had heard her mother use at the destruction of a tuber garden .
innocent skipping about on the rooftop garden , giggling whispers - all were subjected to intense analysis .
each tower had its own windtrap , its own maintenance staff , its own water barrier , gardens and other elements of civilization .
sheeana was in the roof garden atop the central priestly complex , there with cania and two others - a young priest named baldik , who was in tuek 's private service , and an acolyte priestess named kipuna , who behaved too much like a reverend mother for tuek 's liking .
tuek glanced around the garden to assure himself that his security arrangements were not being ignored .
beyond the ring of orchards and gardens lay a careful checkerboard of private residences , each with its surrounding plantation .
a small table had been set beside a window with a view of an enclosed and covered garden .
bushes heavy with red flowers almost concealed the stone wall that defined the garden .
it was a long room with a wall of plaz facing west across a roof garden of lacy greenery .
the rakian group had started their argument out in the roof garden .
odrade returned her attention to the horizon visible beyond the roof garden : not another sign of life out there in the desert .
the smell of mock orange was powerful here at the edge of the dar - es - balat roof garden , overriding all other odors .
waff moved to one side in the garden , leaving odrade and sheeana with tulushan .
young girl and teacher had been out here in the roof garden , facing each other on two benches , a portable ixian damper hiding their words from anyone who did not have the coded translator .
she knew what was happening out there in the roof garden .
she also smudged dirt from a little garden all over their faces and clothes - dak smiled the whole time , crowing about living history ; riq grumbled and complained about ` ` going native . ''
in that sense , it 's a true park , rather like a japanese formal garden .
it was so thick , they could grow a garden .
he crept along the wall , into the back gardens .
an epithet she 'd given him when she was four years old and he 'd taught her to catch glow flies in their back garden .
` ` before we came here , we were at the garden tomb .
so they do n't have enough water stored up for their garden , and it 'll die , mr . steiner says . ''
` ` we ca n't let their garden die .
she said , ` ` i guess we could give them some of our water later on in the month ; we could run a hose over to their garden .
but there had been no prosecution , and today the canal , modestly named after rockingham 's eldest child , carried water eighty miles out into the desert , so that pat rockingham could live in a lovely spot and have a lawn , a swimming pooi , and a fully irrigated flower garden .
david bohlen , building a dam of wet soil at the end of his family 's vegetable garden under the hot midafternoon martian sun , saw the un police ' copter settle down and land before the steiners ' house , and he knew instantly that something was going on .
she felt panic , because it was obvious that she had no choice ; even now they were playing on her land , in her garden -- she had them already .
one story noised about back at geneva was that the un intended to build an enormous supernational park , a sort of garden of eden , to lure emigrants out of earth .
so my dad shut off the filter system , and now when the rider comes and opens the gate our way , we can pump it so fast that my dad let me put in a whole new vegetable garden i can water with overflow , and i have corn and squash and a couple of carrots , but something ate all the beets .
` ` as soon as david 's garden started to bear , the sand rats moved in .
` ` yeah , you wrote me about the garden , david : i 'd like to see it tomorrow .
leo said , ` ` can we step outside and take a glance at the boy 's garden ?
they located the boy , standing off by himself in david 's overflow garden , and presently the three of them were in the yee company ' copter , flying above the desert in the direction of the line of mountains to the north .
i 'd kill your mother for something fresh out of a garden .
they looked like stepping - stones in a garden .
the doctor had made him stop smoking and said if he tried anything too strenuous , like shoveling snow or trying to hoe the garden , he would end up playing a harp ... or shoveling coal into the furnaces down below , which meant , the boy supposed , that grandpa could just drop dead .
and him the worst thing he ever did in his life maybe playing sick to keep from hoeing beans when we still kep ' the garden !
inside the structure were gardens to grow food , residences for royalty , and living space for as many as two million termites .
other insects grew fungus in gardens for food .
it was a garden of sorts ; a garden of ice .
it was a garden of sorts ; a garden of ice .
there were seats here and there in the garden , and they too were made of ice .
a swift look around showed me more beings entombed in ice , and i realized that this place was not a garden .
it was all that i could do to keep from lowering my head and going to sleep , and without will or emotion to fuel my spells , i might as well have been one more frozen sculpture in mab 's prison garden .
do you know where the lift is to the hydroponics gardens ? ''
they offer fresh fruit and vegetables , so there must be a hydroponics garden somewhere on station .
so i ' ve duly admired the hydroponics garden , his extensive library , which he 's had canton farr cataloging for the last two turns , and of course , the oddly intriguing bazaar , where permanent residents trade among themselves .
this part of the restaurant is meant to evoke a tropical garden , but thankfully they omitted the insects .
spacious grounds with seven open gardens and terraces invite you to take a stroll ; tiered balconies overflow with miniature fruit trees .
we pass through the heart of the complex , which is among the loveliest gardens i ' ve ever seen .
in some ways , it 's like we ' ve been left in a small garden to relax .
laying in a hydroponics garden would be the most practical solution .
what used to be the officers ' serenity garden has been turned into a marketplace .
like , where 's the hydroponics garden ?
with a wave , i pass from the hangar along the path that leads to the gardens .
the clouds whip past , and the tiny dots on the ground resolve into lines , then trees ; the green - and - brown patchwork sharpens into the lines of my mother 's garden .
it was a lush , lavish place full of expensive statuary , gushing fountains , and well - manicured gardens , all hidden away behind heavy , ornate metal gates .
since the property lacks a pool and formal garden , however , most nobles found it too provincial , and vel got a good bargain ; it had been on the market for a while .
hot color washes her cheeks , the shade of tropical flowers that grew in my mother 's garden on venice minor .
` ` by making them plant a victory garden for the villagers , '' i mutter .
` ` you can plant him in the garden out back .
this level of the governor 's mansion has been designed like a garden - with no expense spared to keep the illusion in place .
morton 's living room looked out on the garden in back of the house .
he parked in the garage and walked through the little garden to his apartment .
after that , she 'd done drawings of people only when in private , instead using her open drawing times to sketch the insects , crustaceans , and plants of the manor gardens .
he finished with the legs , then stood up , leaning on his cane , looking out over the davar gardens , which were made up of stonework walls covered with different kinds of vines .
szeth ducked low , picking his way through the mazelike garden .
as a child , shallan had relished those evenings when she 'd been able to slip away into the gardens .
like many modern gardens , they were designed with walls of cultivated shalebark .
she had n't had any free time since the day she 'd gone sketching on her own in the gardens .
they were seated on cushions atop a blanket in the conclave gardens , not far from where she 'd first experimented with the soulcaster .
they were in a section of the gardens where the shalebark was n't quite so high , so once standing , shallan could see that the king himself was passing nearby , chatting with a middle - aged ardent who had a long , narrow face .
they reminded her of the things in that bosch painting , the garden of earthly delights .
ted thinks , a real toad in an imaginary garden .
in spite of the day 's alarums and excursions , this woman - who 'd looked to jake like the lifetime president of his mother 's garden club - had found time to put on a fairly heavy coat of makeup : powder , rouge , and lipstick as red as the side of a devar fire engine .
no one would transgress that litde garden , not even a suicidal can - toi desperate to make a name for himself .
` ` i ' m asked to make sure that you read the sign in the garden of the beam , '' she said .
at first he had no more success with the small brass sign in the garden than he 'd had with most signs in the shop windows , or the words on the covers of the ` ` magda - seens . ''
a few came to what she 'd called the garden of the beam , but even those who did n't bent their steps briefly in that direction , as if attracted by a powerful magnet .
` ` nancy told you to read the plaque in the garden of the beam , '' marian said .
thirteen when roland stepped out of the ele - vaydor in the lobby , he was n't surprised to see a woman in a gray - green pullover and slacks the color of moss standing in front of the garden with a few other quietly respectful folken .
here the path wound through a fantastic petrified garden of needle - sharp rock formations .
his skull was a peeling garden of eczema .
` ` i 'd take him outside to the flower garden and have sex with him . ''
` ` in the flower garden ? ''
there was a summer garden and a system that captured rainwater for washing and bathing and drinking .
tripping on something in the backyard , probably the garden hose or one of sissy 's stupid toys .
flattery 's private garden , ` ` the greens , '' lay underground in a cavern that had once been an oracle .
* * * and out of the ground made to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight , and good for food ; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden , and the tree of knowledge of good and evil .
the zavatans supported refugee camps all along the coastline , turning some into gardens , hydroponics ranches and fish farms .
in his wine - tinted reverie flattery saw the two of them naked in a great garden , heady with the scent of orchids and ripe fruit .
fewer than one hundred people have seen this garden . ''
since i am developing a garden of eden of sorts i thought them most appropriate . ''
the director 's staff rode among them daily , picking the lucky few who would be trucked to town to wash down the stone pavements , sort rock from dung in the director 's gardens , or pick through refuse for reusable materials .
security squads shot looters of fields , proprietors of illegal windowboxes and rooftop gardens .
` ` they have gardens , hundreds of them .
and every little garden is bordered by flowers , all color ... '' it was the wistful expression on gray 's face that worried doob .
she had converted most of their living space to a multilevel hydroponics garden , and she grew mushrooms under their rooms .
` ` there are starving people out there who would kill you for one meal out of stella 's garden .
seeds are impregnated in rows into the gel , then they spread it across bare rock or sand , or last year 's garden .
in a matter of weeks the zavatans turned bare rock into garden , pumped water and started up their smelly labs .
a blur of fast little animals streaked into a magnificent garden , a place so beautiful that beatriz thought she must be in the throes of some hylighter death - vision .
flattery heard the low - throated purr of archangel behind him , and for the first time realized that it was n't merely a handful of swiftgrazers invading his garden .
you walked through a jumpdoor here and found yourself in a garden on paginui .
there were garden plantings in the open here , poisonous but beautiful .
it was during that harvest ... we went to the garden ... ha !
the garden !
' cimi had seen these houses fall over hundreds of times ( claudio had also seen it happen from time to time , but not so frequently , because he was thirty years younger than ' cimi , who expected to soon retire with his bitch of a wife to a farm they owned in northern new jersey , where he would devote all his time to his garden ... and to outliving the bitch he had married ; not his mother - in - law , he had long since given up any wistful notion he might once have had of eating fettucini at the wake of la monstra , la monstra was eternal , but for outliving the bitch there was at least some hope ; his father had had a saying which , when translated , meant something like ` ` god pisses down the back of your neck every day but only drowns you once , '' and while ' cimi was n't completely sure he thought it meant god was a pretty good guy after all , and so he could hope to outlive the one if not the other ) , but had only seen balazar put out of temper by such a fall on a single occasion .
the gunslinger said doubtfully , thinking of apple trees and the spring flowers in the royal court gardens .
it pretended to wood paneling - a comer room with a view of flowered roof gardens and terraces built of the omnipresent three - phase regenerative plasmeld , the ' plasty ' of the folk patios .
the space stank of disinfectants and the ersatz - garden effect of air purifier perfumes .
the calls of nature are permitted and clerical staff may use the garden beyond the second gate .
they think about dress patterns , bugs in the rose garden , what 's for lunch , where to spend a vacation . ''
` ` his wife and my mother were in the same garden club . ''
it was a garden .
it was easy enough to understand their actions - and the big barrel on wheels , and the hoses - now that i recognized the garden .
jeb took me back through the big garden room , around the perimeter to the opposite side , and through the biggest tunnel exit .
my attention was not focused on the second set of gardens he led me through - one with corn growing waist - high in the blistering heat of the brilliant mirrors - or the wide but low - ceilinged cavern he called the ` ` rec room . ''
the tour ended abruptly when we reentered the huge garden cavern where the carrot sprouts made a bright green carpet across the dark floor .
when we got to the big garden cavern , jeb took my elbow and steered me east rather than west .
he caught up to me in the big garden plaza and handed me the remains of my bread .
if i was lucky , i 'd be able to cut around the edge of the big garden plaza in the dark with no one the wiser .
i braced myself as we entered the big garden cavern ; i could n't be sure of anyone 's reaction to me today .
the main plaza was busy again now , full of people moving around the garden , all of them grave , their eyes on their feet .
i was feeling a little hurt , on top of all the big hurt , that i 'd been down here so long without anyone coming to look for me - what a vain attitude ; why should anyone care what happened to me ? -so i was relieved and appeased to find jamie sitting in the doorway to the big garden , his back turned on the human world behind him , unmistakably waiting for me .
behind him , the light in the garden was red and fading .
in the moonlit garden cavern , we passed others who for the most part paid us no mind .
the big garden .
he limped slowly past the silent steel tower , which was an oil burner ; past the huge red serpent , which was a nozzle less garden hose clumsily coiled on the floor , past the wide cushion whose case was covered with flower designs ; past the immense orange structure , which was a stack of two wooden lawn chairs ; past the great croquet mallets hanging in their racks .
carune fed percy a double ration of fish food and gave patrick a hero 's burial in the garden .
hydroponics gardens , ship had explained .
he shut down the observation post and signaled for a replacement to come up , then he headed back toward lab one and the garden .
he brushed her cheek beside the ring , then : ` ` with delicate rings of the gods in our noses we do not root in their garden . ''
he had to feed himself from the ship 's limited hydroponics gardens .
` ` but you wanted to see the garden . ''
` ` wel ... . that 's the core of the garden .
lab one 's special - purpose area was correctly labeled : the garden .
many times he had dreamed of stepping out into pandora 's double - sunshine , a light breeze ruffling his hair , legata on his arm for a walk through gardens down to a gentle sea .
as her shuttle settled into its final glide - path , she saw two of the smaller hylighters separate from the rest , pick up speed and slam the boulders they carried into the plaz shield surrounding oakes ' private garden .
show me to morgan 's garden . ''
whatever that horror she had confronted at colony , the name of the garden would not be shaken off , even though she could not remember .
lewis was obviously shaken by the sudden reference to the garden .
the garden .
he had shown her a holo , then , of this garden around her now .
she stood in the garden at the redoubt and looked up at what she guessed to be ship 's position above them .
- kerro panille , translations from the avata and the lord god said , ` ` behold the man is become as one of us , to know good and evil : and now , lest he put forth his hand , and take also of the tree of life , and eat , and live forever : therefore the lord god sent him forth from the garden of eden to till the ground from whence he was taken .
so he drove out the man ; and he placed at the east of the garden of eden cherubims , and a flaming sword which turned every way , to keep the way of the tree of life .
banished from the garden without benefit of sin .
even as he watched , the garden - his precious garden - sloughed away .
even as he watched , the garden - his precious garden - sloughed away .
people who fell asleep at critical moments , like that fellow who was supposed to have been keeping an eye out while jesus prayed in the garden of gethsemane , were most definitely not part of the big picture .
they walked down without speaking and out onto the wide second - level terrace with its heavily cultivated truck gardens .
and the enormity of what she proposed ... ale waved a hand toward the exterior garden .
keel thought then about the enormous undersea gardens of kelp , forests of gigantic , ropy strands reaching upward toward the suns .
at her quarters , panille had stared out at a different kind of undersea , a garden lush with ferns waving and butterfly fish grooming the leaves .
keel 's few earlier glimpses of the outer compound had shown a richness of fishes that rivaled the gardens at core - fanlike butterfly fish with iridescent tails , the ever - present scrubberfish grazing leaves and plaz , mud - devils raising and lowering the tall sails of their dorsal fins with every disturbance .
god 's garden- '' ` ` god 's garden , '' garraty repeated doubtfully .
` ` what about god 's garden , olson ? ''
if anyone would know , cammie would ; she had a garden in her backyard , a jungle of potted plants inside her house , and a library 's worth of books on growing things .
saying such an awful thing to jan was apt to expel her from this place of safety as surely as adam and eve had been expelled from the garden of eden for eating the wrong apple , but that did n't change how she felt .
the whole street shimmered with the shapes of splashes , like a garden of ice flowers .
` ` mary , mary , quite contrary , how does your garden grow ?
in eddie 's mind a vision ( partly cribbed from movies like the last starfighter and the dark crystal ) gleamed brightly : a council of gnarled but dignified city elders who would serve them a whopping meal drawn from the unspoiled stores of the city ( or perhaps from special gardens cradled within environmental bubbles ) and who would , as he and roland and susannah ate themselves silly , explain exactly what lay ahead and what it all meant .
seen a few gardens hidden behind banks of weeds grown purposely to hide the crops .
farming skills were particularly prized ; according to the stories , every large park in lud had been turned into a vegetable garden .
greek revival style they called it - a long violet - gray town house on a dark shady corner in the garden district , its front gate guarded it seemed by two enormous oaks .
and the garden shimmers in the dull heat .
but he knew the garden was impossible , even far away from the reek of the pool .
it was all exactly the same , the thorny bougainvillea in full bloom over the porches , the overgrown garden swarming with tiny white winged butterflies , the lantana with its little orange blossoms pushing through the black iron fence .
he 'd never been in that big garden district house during a rainstorm .
the only paradise he had ever known was in the city where he 'd grown up , the warm sweet place he 'd left when he was seventeen , that old great square of some twenty - five - odd city blocks known in new orleans as the garden district .
but from the earliest years , he liked to walk , to slip across magazine street , the great dividing line between the narrow sunbaked streets where he 'd been born and the grand quiet streets of the garden district .
in the garden district were the oldest uptown mansions of the city , slumbering behind their massive oaks and broad gardens .
it was n't in that ruined garden .
altogether he looked the same as he did in the garden on first street .
' that man , the one from the garden . '
' that 's the man in the garden , mom , ' michael said .
' what garden ? '
and there were the palatial houses of that street to see , the later , often gaudier houses built after the civil war , not as beautiful as the older garden district homes , but nevertheless sumptuous to behold and endlessly interesting .
she walked through the garden district and caught the st charles car on the avenue and went down to canal street .
michael went , the little man , all dressed up , walking through the garden district with his mother .
with his new knowledge , he roamed the garden district , his love for the things he saw deeply and quietly intensified .
when the schools let out early , michael went walking alone through the garden district , its streets beautifully blanketed in white , watching the soft soundless snow descend all around him .
- in the garden district .
and the garden district , ah , the garden district .
and the garden district , ah , the garden district .
and that man , the strange , immaculately dressed man whom he so often saw on first street in that deep overgrown garden .
but he was in new orleans , walking through those garden district streets , and it was warm , and oh , the fragrance of the night jasmine .
' there 's the man in the garden . '
and the man in the garden .
the man in the garden nodded again .
he had loved also the obvious intelligence and purpose of carlotta mayfair , who served him cafe au lait in a garden room where they sat in white wicker chairs at a white wicker table , among potted orchids and ferns .
like a jungle , the garden .
he did n't want to see up close the garden gone to seed , chinaberry and oleander struggling with grass as high as wheat , and the porches stripped of paint , turning that dull gray that old untended wood turns in the damp climate of louisiana .
what had evil to do with god 's earth , and the things that grew in it - even the jungle of the mayfairs ' neglected garden .
they could have gone to either church , or to the little chapel for the rich over there in the garden district .
they peeped through the wooden gate into the nuns ' garden .
she herself saw a young man with deirdre in the convent garden .
she went to the open gate of the nuns ' garden .
all the garden was moving suddenly .
rita would have met him in the garden too , a man like that .
she said that deirdre had done worse than meet that man in the garden .
and that sunday rita decided to go to mass at the mother of perpetual help chapel in the garden district .
there had never been a moment in rita 's life quite like that one years ago in the nuns ' garden - hearing deirdre with that man , hearing two people talk of love like that .
it was her house that was tumbling down all around her in that sad overgrown garden and they were going to lock her away again .
wind in the trees in the garden behind st rose de lima 's .
he 'd talked about the big families , the big funerals , the narrow little shotgun house with its linoleum floors , the four o'clocks in the postage stamp of a garden .
she used to tell us there were witches in the garden district in new orleans , and that they 'd get us if we went walking in those streets ' and think how dark those streets were , how darkly beautiful , like the lines from ' ode to a nightingale , ' ' darkling i listen ' ' i ' m sorry , ' he said , ' my mind wandered . '
it 's a beautiful stretch , from magazine street , near where i grew up , to st charles avenue , about five blocks or so , and it 's an old part of town they call the garden district . '
' oh , yes , right , the witches of the garden district , ' he said , smiling .
and the houses are town houses , you know , close to the sidewalks , but they 're so large , and they 're not attached , they have gardens around them .
i used to see him in the garden ' he hesitated ; something coming so close to him , something so crucial - ' what 's the matter ? '
oh , now and then , i suppose whenever i thought about the garden district , i 'd think about it .
iron fences guarded lawns and gardens .
as the cab turned left on first street and entered the dark leafy core of garden district , he was in ecstasy .
the garden was thickening and closing up in the darkness .
this is the garden district , boy , do n't you remember ?
i used to see a man in the garden of the house , the same man i saw last night .
well , i saw him last night by the fence , and back further , in the garden , and damned if he did n't look exactly the same as he had when i was a little kid .
he could not entirely account for his feelings towards ' the man ' now , the man who had always seemed vaguely beautiful to him , an embodiment of elegance , a wan and soulful figure , almost , who seemed to possess , in his deep garden hideaway , some serenity that michael himself wanted to possess .
he did not add that lightner looked like the old white - haired men he remembered from the old days who used to take their evening walks through the garden district and along the avenue uptown .
it lay its hands silently on his heart the same way that the beauty of the garden district had done so ; a quiet faith sprang up in him , that no matter what else happened to him , he was home in the south and things were somehow going to be all right .
aaron insisted that they go at once to a small screened porch off the back of the second story , and there , overlooking a formal garden with gravel paths and weathered fountains , they sat down to eat .
on the road i also passed two smaller plantation houses , very pleasing structures , set back from the road behind great gardens and also just beside a small river , a graveyard laid out with fine marble monuments inscribed with french names as we went very slowly over the little bridge i had time to contemplate it , and think about those who had come to live and die in this savage land .
as we drew nearer , i saw that every window was open to the porches both above and below , and i could see the chandeliers and the fine furnishings , and other bits of color gleaming in the dark so distracted was i by all this , that with a start i beheld the lady of the house , come out to the garden gate to see me , and standing among the many flowers , waiting , her lemon - colored satin dress very like the soft blooms that surrounded her , her eyes fixing me harshly and perhaps coldly in her young and tender face so that she appeared , if you can see it , a tall and angry child .
they made up the ever increasing number of ' cousins ' who were a constant factor in mayfair life for the next one hundred years there are numerous published drawings of mane claudette 's plantation house and even several photographs in old books , now out of print it was large even for the period and , predating the ostentatious greek revival style , it was a simple colonial structure with plain rounded columns , a pitched roof , and galleries , much like the house in saint - domingue it was two rooms thick , with hallways bisecting it from north to south and east to west , and had a full lower floor , as well as a very high and spacious attic floor the plantation included two enormous gargonmeres where the male members of the family lived , including lestan in his later widowhood , and his four sons , all of whom went by the name of mayfair ( maurice always lived in the main house ) marie claudette was every bit as successful in louisiana as she and her ancestors had been in saint - dommgue once again , she cultivated sugar , but gave up the cultivation of coffee and tobacco she bought smaller plantations for each of lestan 's sons , and gave lavish gifts to their children and their children 's children from the first weeks of their arrival , the family was regarded with awe and suspicion mane claudette frightened people , and entered into a number of disputes in setting up business in louisiana , and was not above threatening anyone who stood in her path she bought up enormous numbers of slaves for her fields , and in the tradition of her ancestors , treated these slaves very well but she did not treat merchants very well , and drove more than one merchant off her property with a whip , insisting that he had tried to cheat her she was described by the local witnesses as ' formidable ' and ' unpleasant , ' though still a handsome woman and her personal slaves and free mixed - blood servants were greatly feared by the slaves she purchased in louisiana within a short time , she was heralded as a sorceress by the slaves on her land , it was said that she could not be deceived , and that she could give ' the evil eye , and that she had a demon whom she could send after anyone who crossed her brother lestan was more generally liked , and apparently fell in at once with the drinking and gambling planter class of the area henri mane landry , her husband , seems to have been a likable but passive individual who left absolutely everything to his wife he read botanical journals from europe and collected rare flowers from all over the south and designed and cultivated an enormous garden at riverbend he died in bed , in 1824 , after receiving the sacraments in 1799 marie claudette gave birth to the last of her children , marguerite , who later became the designee of the legacy , and who lived in marie claudette 's shadow until marie claudette 's death in .
marie claudette 's only son , pierre , was never allowed to marry either he ' fell in love ' twice , but both times gave in to his mother when she refused to grant permission for the wedding his second ' secret fiancee ' tried to take her own life when she was rejected by pierre after that he seldom went out , but was often seen in the company of his mother pierre was a doctor of sorts to the slaves , curing them with various potions and remedies he even studied medicine for a while with an old drunken doctor in new orleans but nothing much came of this he also enjoyed botany and spent much time working in the garden , and drawing pictures of flowers botanical sketches done by pierre are in existence today in the famous mayfair house on first street .
she would also talk at length to her plants , many of which had come from the original garden created by her father , henri marie landry .
in 1857 , when katherine was seventeen , she and her brothers bought a piece of property on first street in the garden district of new orleans and hired darcy monahan , the irish architect , to build a house there , which is the present mayfair home .
the gossip further relates that katherine stole away to new orleans to be alone with darcy monahan in the unfinished house at first street , and there the two lovers pledged their fealty in roofless rooms , or in the wild unfinished garden juhen became increasingly miserable in his anger and disapproval , and implored his mother , marguerite , to interfere , but marguerite would take no interest in the matter .
that he incited fear and confusion in his enemies was well - known it was reported by one furious cotton factor that juhen had , in a dispute , caused another man 's clothing to burst into flame the fire was hastily put out , and the man recovered from his rather serious burns , and no action was ever taken against juhen indeed , many who heard the story including the local police - did not believe it juhen laughed whenever he was asked about it but there is also a story , told by only one witness , that juhen could set anything on fire by his will , and that his mother teased him about it in another famous incident , juhen caused all the objects of a room to fly about when he went into a rage , and then could not bring a halt to the confusion he went out , shut the door on the little storm , and sank into helpless laughter there is also an isolated story , dependent upon one witness , that juhen murdered one of his boyhood tutors none of the mayfairs up to this period attended any regular school but all were well educated privately juhen was no exception , having several tutors during his youth one of these , a handsome yankee from boston , was found drowned in a bayou near riverbend , and it was said that juhen strangled him and threw him in the water again , this was never investigated , and the entire mayfair family was indignant at this gossip servants who spread the story at once retracted it this boston schoolteacher had been a great source of information about the family he gossiped continuously about marguerite 's strange habits , and about how the slaves feared her it is from him that we gained our descriptions of her bottles and jars full of strange body parts and objects he claimed to have fought off advances from marguerite indeed , so vicious and unwise was his gossip that more than one person warned the family about it whether juhen did kill the man can not be known , but if he did , he had given the attitudes of the day at least some reason juhen was said to give out foreign gold coins as if they were copper pennies waiters at the fashionable restaurants vied with one another to serve his table he was a fabled horseman and maintained several horses of his own , as well as two carriages and teams in his stables near to first street even into old age , he often rode his chestnut mare all the way up st charles avenue to carrolton and back in the morning he would toss coins to the black children whom he passed after his death , four different witnesses claimed to have seen his ghost riding through the mist on st charles avenue , and these stories were printed in the newspapers of the period juhen was also a great supporter of the mardi gras , which began as we know it today around 1872 he entertained lavishly at the first street house during the mardi gras season it was also said countless times that juhen had the gift of ' bilocation , ' that is , he could be in two places at the same time this story was widely circulated among the servants julien would appear to be in the library , for instance , but then would be sighted almost immediately in the back garden or a maidservant would see julien go out the front door , and then turn around to see him coming down the stairway more than one servant quit working in the first street house rather than cope with the ' strange monsieur julien ' it has been speculated that appearances of lasher might have been responsible for this confusion whatever the case , later descriptions of lasher 's clothes bear a remarkable resemblance to those worn by julien in two different portraits lasher as cited throughout the twentieth century is invariably dressed as julien might have been dressed in the 18703 and i88os julien stuffed handfuls of bills into the pockets of the priests who came to call or the visiting little sisters of the poor or other such persons he gave lavishly to the parish church , and to every charitable fund whose officials approached him he often said that money did n't matter to him yet he was a tireless accumulator of wealth we know that he loved his mother , marguerite , and though he did not spend much time in her company , he purchased books for her all the time in new orleans , and ordered them for her from new york and europe only once did a quarrel between them attract attention and that was over ^catherine 's marriage to darcy monahan , at which time marguerite struck julien several times in front of the servants by all accounts he was deeply emotionally hurt and simply withdrew , in tears , from his mother 's company after the death of juhen 's wife , suzette , julien spent less time than ever at riverbend his children were brought up entirely at first street julien , who had always been a debonair figure , took a more active role in society long before that , however , he appeared at the opera and the theater with his little niece ( or daughter ) mary beth he gave many charity balls and actively supported young amateur musicians , presenting them in small private concerts in the double parlor at first street julien not only made huge profits at riverbend , he also went into merchandising with two new york affiliates and made a considerable fortune in that endeavor he bought up property all over new orleans , which he left to his niece mary beth , even though she was the designee of the mayfair legacy and thereby stood to inherit a fortune larger than julien 's there seems little doubt that julien 's wife , suzette , was a disappointment to him servants and friends spoke of many unfortunate arguments it was said that suzette for all her beauty was deeply religious and julien 's high - spirited nature disturbed her she eschewed the jewels and fine clothes which he wanted her to wear she did not like to go out at night she disliked loud music a lovely creature , with pale skin and shining eyes , suzette was always sickly and died young after the birth in rapid succession of her four children , and there is no doubt that the one girl , jeannette , had some sort of ' second sight ' or psychic power more than once jeannette was heard by the servants to scream in uncontrollable panic at the sight of some ghost or apparition her sudden frights and mad dashes from the house into the street became well - known in the garden district , and were even written up in the papers in fact , it was jeannette who gave rise to the first ' ghost stories ' surrounding first street there are several stories of juhen 's being extremely impatient with jeannette and locking her up but by all accounts he loved his children all three of his sons went to harvard , returning to new orleans to practice civil law , and to amass great fortunes of their own their descendants are mayfairs to this day , regardless of sex or marital connection and it is the law firm founded by julien 's sons which has , for decades , administered the mayfair legacy we have at least seven different photographs of juhen with his children , including some with jeannette ( who died young ) in every one , the family seems extremely cheerful , and barclay and cortland strongly resemble their father though barclay and garland both died in their late sixties , cortland lived to be eighty years old , dying in late october in 1959 this member of the talamasca made direct contact with cortland the preceding year , but we shall come to that at the proper time ( elhe mayfair , adoptive mother of rowan mayfair , the present designee of the legacy , is a descendant of juhen mayfair , being a granddaughter of julien 's son cortland , the only child of cortland 's son sheffield mayfair and his wife , a french - speaking cousin named eugenie mayfair , who died when ellie was seven years old .
the garden walks , balustrades , and fountains at first street were all designed and laid out for mary beth 's fifteenth birthday party .
walking home one night through the garden district , victor stepped in the path of a speeding carriage at the corner of philip and prytama streets , and suffered a dreadful fall and a blow to the head .
when this church was closed in the 19205 a parish chapel was established on prytama street in the garden district , quite obviously for the rich who did not want to attend either the irish church of st alphonsus or the german church of st mary 's .
we should also note for what it 's worth that the family in the late 1900s began to employ more and more irish domestic servants , and these servants became for the talamasca priceless sources of information how much they contributed to our vision of the family as irish is not easy to determine the hiring of these irish workers had nothing to do with the family 's irish identity , per se it was the trend in the neighborhood of the period , and many of these irish - americans lived in the so - called irish channel or riverfront neighborhood lying between the mississippi wharves and magazine street , the southernmost boundary of the garden district some of them were live - m maids and stable boys , others came to work by the day , or only on certain occasions and as a whole , they were not as loyal to the mayfair family as the colored and black servants were , and they talked much more freely about what went on at first street than servants of past decades .
as for her cross - dressing , she did it so long and so well that just about everyone became accustomed to it in the last years of her life she would often go out in her tweed suit , and with her walking stick , and stroll around the garden district for hours she did not bother to pin up her hair any more or hide it beneath a hat she wore it in a simple twist or bun , and people took her appearance entirely for granted she was miss mary beth to servants and neighbors for blocks around , walking with her head slightly bowed , and with very big steps , and waving in a lackadaisical fashion to those who greeted her .
at last , katherine had to be sedated for the move to the city , and as stated earlier , she never recovered from the shock , and soon went insane , wandering around the first street gardens , talking all the time to darcy , and searching also for her mother , marguerite , and endlessly turning out the contents of drawers to find things which she claimed to have lost mary beth tolerated her , and was heard to say once , much to the shock of the doctor in attendance , that she was happy to do what she could for her mother , but she did not find the woman or her plight ' particularly interesting , ' and she wished there was some drug they could give the woman to quiet her down julien was present at the time , and naturally found this very funny and went into one of his disconcerting riffs of laughter he was understanding of the doctor 's shock , however , and explained to him that the great virtue of mary beth was that she always told the truth , no matter what the consequences if they did give katherine ' some drug , ' we know nothing of it she began to wander the streets around 1898 , and a young mulatto servant was hired simply to follow her around she died in bed at first street , in a rear bedroom , in 1905 , on the night of january 2 , to be exact , and to the best of our knowledge there was no storm to mark her death , and no unusual event of any kind she had been in a coma for days , according to the servants , and mary beth and julien were at her side when she died on january 15 , 1899 , in an enormous wedding held at st alphonsus church , mary beth married daniel mcintyre it is interesting to note that up until this time the family had worshiped at the notre dame church ( the french church of the tn - church parish ) , but for the wedding it chose the irish church , and thereafter went to all services at st alphonsus daniel seems to have been on very friendly terms with the irish - american priests of the parish , and to have been lavish in his support of the parish he also had a cousin in the irish - american sisters of mercy who taught at the local school it seems safe therefore to assume that the change to the irish church was daniel 's idea and it is also safe to assume that mary beth was almost indifferent to the matter , though she did go to church often with her children and great - nieces and nephews , though what she believed about it one can not say juhen never went to church , except for the customary weddings , funerals , and christenings he also seems to have preferred st alphonsus to the humbler french church of notre dame the wedding of daniel and mary beth was , as already mentioned , an enormous affair a reception of dazzling proportions was held at the first street house , with cousins coming from as far away as new york daniel 's family , though much much smaller than the mayfair family , was also in attendance , and by all reports the couple were deeply in love and deeply happy , and the dancing and singing went on late into the night the couple went to new york for a honeymoon trip , and from there to europe , where they remained for four months , cutting short their journey in may because mary beth was already expecting a child indeed , carlotta mayfair was born seven and one - half months after her parents ' marriage , on september 1 , 1899 .
the nuns found themselves seduced by stella they let her into the convent garden to cut flowers with them , or took her into the parlor after school to teach her embroidery , for which she had a knack .
indeed it was raining all over the garden district , though it was not raining in any other part of the city ; however , no one took particular notice of that fact .
' i hurried towards the back of the property , thinking to leave unobserved through a back way this meant a short rush along a flagstone path , a climb of two steps to the patio around the swimming pool , and then i spied the side alley to the gate ' even through the dense rain i could see that it was open , and see beyond it the wet gleaming cobblestones of the street the thunder rolled over the rooftops , and the lightning laid bare the whole garden hideously in an instant , with its balustrades and towering camellias , and beach towels draped over so many skeletal black iron chairs everything was helplessly thrashing in the wind .
i saw them together in the garden .
the women of first street maintained a reclusive existence , belle and millie dear becoming ' sweet old ladies ' of the garden district as they walked to daily mass at the prytania street chapel , or stopped in their ceaseless and ineffectual gardening to chat with neighbors passing the iron fence .
its violet - gray paint began to peel , and its garden grew wild along the iron fences , with cherry laurels and rain trees sprouting among the old camellias and gardenias , which had been so carefully tended years before .
neighbors reported seeing her frequently in the garden at first street .
the ' sweet girl ' died that very afternoon when the same postman came around with the afternoon mail at three thirty , there was a cloudburst over that area of the garden district .
it was raining ' cats and dogs ' yet a crowd was assembled in the mayfair garden , and the undertaker 's wagon was in the middle of the street the wind was blowing'something fierce . '
once more sister bridget marie , then in her sixties , saw the ' invisible friend ' in action in the st alphonsus school yard , finding things for little deirdre and making flowers fly through the air sacred heart , ursulmes , st joseph 's , our lady of the angels - they all expelled little deirdre within a couple of weeks for months at a time , the child stayed home neighbors saw her ' running wild ' in the garden , or climbing the big oak tree on the back of the lot .
there was no real staff anymore at first street aunt easter 's daughter irene did all the cooking and the cleaning thoroughly but steadily every morning she swept the pavements or the banquettes as they were called three o'clock saw her ringing out her mop at the tap by the rear garden gate .
indeed , the two old ladies easily won the goodwill and respect of the garden district , especially among families who knew nothing of the mayfair tragedies or secrets .
the cousins said maybe it was ' congenital insanity , ' though honestly no one knew but to those who observed the family more closely - even from a distance of many miles - certain differences between mother and daughter were apparent very early on whereas antha was always slender and shrinking by nature , there was something rebellious and unmistakably sensuous in deirdre from the start neighbors frequently saw her running ' like a tomboy ' through the garden .
they had spied upon deirdre and her male companion , peering through the slats in the convent kitchen into the garden where the two met in the dark .
nobody knows ' carlotta brought deirdre home from the asylum , and there she languished for another month relentless canvassing by our investigators indicated that a dark shadowy figure was often seen with deirdre in the garden a delivery - man from solan 's grocery was ' scared out of his wits ' as he was leaving the property when he saw'that wild - eyed girl and that man ' in the tall bamboo thicket by the old pool .
' the girl was wandering in the garden .
the entire family seems to have thought it was the best place for deirdre metaine had none of the gloom of the garden district .
beatrice wondered over lunch with juliette milton ' not that same scoundrel who sneaked into the nuns ' garden to bother her at st ro 's ! '
an old black maid who lived in the same block knew all about'that man ' he was the family ghost , that 's who he was , and the only ghost she ever saw in broad daylight , sitting with that girl in the back garden .
unfortunately i was no less emotional when i visited the garden district the following day , and the day after that , during which time i spent hours walking through the quiet streets and observing the first street house from all angles .
once again , she appeared to be walking aimlessly ; however this time she took an unexpected turn towards the back of the campus , so to speak , away from the groomed lawns and the traffic , and i soon found myself following her into a large , deeply neglected botanical garden - a place so shadowy and wild and overgrown that i became fearful for her as she proceeded , way ahead of me , along the uneven path .
it was getting darker and darker and there were no lights in this rank garden .
nothing but the rank closeness of the garden .
i was alone in the old botanical garden , and it was dark , and i was mortally afraid for the first time in my life .
what do you think of this garden here ? '
' quite a story about that garden .
then , as i turned around , cortland said , ' a woman committed suicide in that little garden .
i gestured to the distant garden .
my niece told me it was a very dark garden . '
said a grumpy nancy , who was sweeping the walk when one of the garden district matrons passed the gate .
dreams of green gardens and twilight skies , and exquisite sunsets .
and then through the dense shade of the garden district the caravan plunged , bumper to bumper , with scores of people walking on either side of it , children skipping ahead , all advancing through the deep green light .
the walled cemetery was a veritable city of peaked - roof graves , some with their own tiny gardens , paths running hither and thither past this tumbling down crypt or this great monument to fire fighters of another era , or the orphans of this or that asylum , or to the rich who had had the time and money to etch these stones with poetry , words now filled with dust and wearing slowly away .
i have never seen deirdre in the garden of first street , nor anywhere , to my knowledge .
slowly she let her eyes roam the shuttered windows , the dense overgrown garden .
the cold light of the street lamp reached long and bright over the front of the garden .
' from the time she was a small child , ' she said , ' playing in that garden there , i begged her to fight him .
and i came here , and i saw this ... this other man in the garden .
they turned and walked deeper into the garden , finding the flags in spite of the weeds that pressed against them , and the bananas that grew so thick and low that the great bladelike leaves brushed their faces .
and now the garden 's got it .
they passed lovely houses in the dark ; they passed garden walls .
at three minutes before three he was crossing camp street , walking slowly , so the heat would not kill him , and soothed once more by the sweet shade and random beauty of the garden district .
it was here , the garden district , and it was uptown , it was down in the french quarter , it was all the other beautiful parts .
had n't deirdre said something about teddy bears in the garden in texas ?
and he thought again of deirdre , deirdre in the botanical garden , talking in the dark to aaron .
the face you saw in the garden , in the church , in the auditorium , the face that you saw all those many times .
that thing he had seen standing in the garden , had spoken to him , and through that rotted head !
only the cries of the birds from the garden .
she savored the sweet perfume for another slow second , and then dropped the rose into the garden as she went out the gate .
he had also signed up two teams of plumbers , one excellent roofing company , and a well - known uptown landscaping expert to begin the clearing and the restoration of the garden .
by that time , michael was back at the hotel , had feasted on delicious room service from the caribbean room downstairs , and was perusing all the architecture books he 'd gleaned from the local stores , pointing out to rowan the pictures of the various houses that surrounded hers , and the other mansions scattered throughout the garden district .
no breeze at all in the garden .
the big drowsy white ginger lilies leaned over close to her face , and a dull crackling sound slowly drew her eye to the depths of the garden patch , to a dark tangle from which a vagrant purple iris sprang , savage and shivering , a hideous mouth of a flower , its stem snapping back now as though a cat darting through the brush had bent it down carelessly .
all the wild growth had been cleared from the flagstone decking , the diving boards had been restored , and the graceful limestone balustrade had been uncovered throughout the garden .
she was staring at the long open wound , at the tender organs shivering like plants , like the monstrous iris in the garden .
or making that iris move in the garden .
the new boxwood - small and trim - was now in place throughout the garden .
and the old trees that lined the curbs were as venerable as those of the garden district .
how still the garden seemed .
the lingering humidity and the atmosphere of the twilight garden were clinging to her .
hundreds milled over the grass , under the great white tents which had been erected to cover the garden , the pool , and the back lawn before the garqonniere .
' she 's joined some garden club , and some committee to protect the oak trees .
aaron saw my deirdre weep in the garden , my beautiful deirdre .
go out into the garden in the night .
yes , opening , like the dark purple iris in the garden .
and then the chill afterwards as the air regained its normal density , as the subtle fragrances of the garden returned .
she matted up the little bit of blond hair from the brush and dropped it into the ferny garden beside her , where it vanished among the fronds and the dark leaves .
they lost three fire fighters that day , actually , and i was walking out there in the garden district , just enjoying the snow .
he went outside in the coldness and walked all through the frozen garden , where the snow had become a hard glistening layer of ice over the walks and the grass .
originally we had the garden of eden , as joyce points out .
zina said , ` ` we will go to the garden one of these days .
` ` where is the garden ? ''
` ` the garden is here , '' zina said .
` ` you made the garden , '' zina said .
this was the emerald tablet , presented to maria prophetissa , the sister of moses , by tehuti himself , who gave names to all created things in the beginning , before he was expelled from the palm tree garden .
the voice said , ` ` take her to the garden . ''
he thought , what garden ?
that was a garden we were in , was n't it ?
now i am here in the ship but then i am in the garden with the child and the other children , her child , years from now .
how long it has been since they knew the garden .
the black iron prison , which is called the cave of treasures , in which they now live , and the palm tree garden with its enormous spaces , its light , where they originally dwelt .
he sat under palm trees and knew that he had entered the garden , but it was the garden he himself had fashioned at the beginning of creation ; she had not brought him to her realm .
he sat under palm trees and knew that he had entered the garden , but it was the garden he himself had fashioned at the beginning of creation ; she had not brought him to her realm .
to the palm tree garden ?
the cave of treasures under the garden : dark and small , without air and without light , without real time and real space- walls that shrink and , caught tight , minds that shrink .
` ` we ought to be up here working in our gardens . ''
` ` and that 's some garden you ' ve got , '' sam regan said , with a grin .
norm schein , hands in the pockets of his coveralls , walked over the sandy , loose soil with its sparse vegetation to his once carefully maintained vegetable garden ; he paused to look up and down the rows , hopeful that more of the specially prepared seeds had sprouted .
he walked down the length of the garden solemnly deeded to him , between the rows of jagged leaves , all of which were to some extent shredded and devoured by microscopic native pests .
he meandered gloomily in the direction of chicken pox prospects ' hydro - pumping system ; it was attached to their now partially sand - filled irrigation network which served all the gardens of their hovel .
no one followed him ; tod and helen morris had gone over to inspect their own garden , now , and norm schein was busy pulling the protective wrapper from the dredge , preparatory to starting it up .
` ` in fact nobody asked you to come along ; why do n't you go back up and mess with that rundown no - good garden of yours , where you ought to be ? ''
anyhow the colonists there had gardens : it was not , like some areas , a waste of frozen methane crystals and gas descending in violent , ceaseless storms year in , year out .
it had n't upset him that much , seeing the half abandoned gardens and fully abandoned equipment , the great heaps of rotting supplies .
well , she could start a garden here on mars ; maybe she could make one grow where previous hovelists had pointedly failed .
on all sides of him their abandoned , decaying gardens could be seen and he wondered if soon he would forget his , too .
the realization depressed him and he walked , alone , to the meager cleared place which was eventually to be his garden .
you 're in a ship of conner freeman 's leaving venus and i ' m down in chicken pox prospects ; i ' ve got a thriving vegetable garden up top , and i get to shack up with anne hawthorne any time i wantcit 's a good life , as far as i ' m concerned .
i 'll work on my garden up top and whatever else they do .
later , when his legs had ceased collapsing under him , he took anne hawthorne to the surface and showed her the beginnings of his garden .
but as anne says , as to its actual naturec ` ` i can see you want to be alone with your garden , '' anne said .
` ` is there any point in trying to start a garden here ? ''
` ` just tend your little garden up top , get your water system going .
` ` an apsidal chapel appended to the church , a second cloister in the northeast quadrant , and ... this looks like a garden , inside the walls ... ... where 'd you get this picture , anyway ? ''
imagine you are in a beautiful warm garden .
as they came into the cloister , marek saw that the fountain and garden in the center had been removed .
the modern world is the corporate equivalent of a formal garden , where everything is planted and arranged for effect .
she looked down into her dad 's garden again .
a waterfall fell from the far wall , into a pool around which grew a plethora of plants , from grass to roses to small trees , forming a surprisingly complex little garden .
birds sang in the garden , and i saw the quick , darting black shape of a nightingale slalom between the pillars and settle in one of the trees .
it was as if your little part of sunset boulevard were the garden of eden ... '' ` ` i never heard it called that before , '' i remarked .
outside , the frozen world that he 'd called my garden of eden continued to darken , although the sky was cloudless .
myra had a vegetable garden behind their house , and although most of the goodies had been harvested , there were still a few fat blue hubbard squashes beyond the remaining ( and badly rotted ) pumpkins .
' that ai n't what happened , ' alden dinsmore said stubbornly ' j was out in the side garden , and i saw the plane just - ' ' better move those people back , do n't you think ? '
' in the garden of eden there was a tree , ' chef said , passing him the pipe .
23 jackie found ernie calvert behind his house , weeding his garden .
he nodded and went back to his garden .
' and garden trowels for hands .
on the library lawn , the halloween dummy with the jolly top hat and the garden trowel hands goes up in a sheet of flame .
there were some of these plants in the gardens around the court of gods , which was why lightsong recognized them .
there was a lot of open space in the city - malls and gardens , large swaths of unused land .
the gods were too godly to leave the court and visit the city gardens , so the gardens had to be brought to them .
the gods were too godly to leave the court and visit the city gardens , so the gardens had to be brought to them .
i have gardens to enjoy . ''
in fact , from what vivenna had seen , most of the city practically was a garden .
vivenna strolled along the perimeter of the northwestern garden block .
vivenna did n't continue to gawk , but turned and looked toward the center of the gardens .
most of the people in the garden itself were stunned , looking toward the smoke billowing into the air .
d'denir garden , right ? ''
it was n't long before , vivenna at the front , the group turned off into the wide grassy field that was the d'denir garden .
fortunately , there were too many in this garden for all to be decorated .
her group stopped at the edge of this dreary garden and waited as thame went ahead .
vivenna turned back toward the groups still talking quietly in the garden .
outside , through the garden , she saw something terrible .
peasants scattered , screaming as the lifeless tromped into the garden , led by a number of uniformed living city guards .
tonk fah cursed , pulling vivenna into a small alleyway across from the garden .
i hate the busy streets , the placating gardens , the commerce , and the suffocating weather .
she kept to herself , had all sorts of secrets , such as a diary and private spots in the garden .
it 's a bifurcated little place , simultaneously trying to contain a designer garden and a children 's playground , and every time i 'd look at it , it seemed to me that the kids were winning .
fire bellowed forth from my right hand - not in a narrow beam , a jet of tightly focused energy , but in a roaring flood , spilling out from my fingertips like water from a garden sprayer .
what , besides tear them out of their known and ordinary lives as ruthlessly as a man might tear weeds out of his garden ?
a sign just inside the arch proclaimed this to be the reinisch rose garden , and there were roses , all right ; roses everywhere .
` ` either she lived here , or sometime before 1942 , when the damned thing was published , she visited topeka - ` ` ` ` - and saw the kids ' train that goes through reinisch rose garden and around gage park , '' jake said .
the path led them to a steep set of steps ( weeds had begun to push through the stonework already ) , and at the top roland looked back over the zoo and the gardens .
susan had been sweeping the front walk at the time ; aunt cord had been out back , in the garden .
adding a final touch to her costume , she carried a pair of dirt - streaked garden shears in one gloved hand .
in the barony 's gardens - the great ones of the ranchers , the smaller ones of the freeholders , and the tiny backyard plots of the townsfolk - men and women and children appeared in their old clothes and boots , their sombreros and sombreros .
in the fields and gardens , baskets to pick into were cast along the rows by women with their hair tied up in kerchiefs and reap - charms hidden in their bosoms .
she dropped to her knees in the muddy garden and abruptly began chopping sharproot vines , tossing the roots themselves toward the side of the house with quick , accurate throws .
there was a garden , and sheemie saw that the vegetables still in it - pumpkins and sharproot , mostly - were muties .
then he noticed the garden 's stuffy - guy .
the garden was full of unpicked mutie vegetables , the stuffy - guy presiding over them either a bad joke or a bad omen .
her aunt 's stuffy - guy rattled on his post in the garden .
12 that evening , as the grinning demon rose in the sky , cordelia left her house and walked slowly across the lawn to her garden , detouring around the pile of leaves she had raked that afternoon .
she carried the stuffy from the garden to the pile of leaves on the lawn .
across the road , the broad hedge of the palace garden rose like a great blank wall before them , and the gleam of lights distantly visible at either end of the lane , small as fireflies : the guards on watch .
the scramble was as quiet as he could make it , one hand for the rope and arms and feet thrusting inconveniently into the thicket of yew , breathing in the fragrant smell of the needles , and then well - clawed he rolled over its broad flat top on the protective sheet of the apron , and dropped directly into the garden on the other side , jarringly .
i looked , but saw no party : just narrow houses with rusting cars or bikes in their concreted front gardens ; and the dusty glass fronts of newsagents , which smelled of alien spices and sold everything from birthday cards and second - hand comics to the kind of magazines that were so p**n ographic they were sold already sealed in plastic bags .
` ` so there you were , standing in the garden , your hand in front of your face , when along came the fat man with an offer you could n't refuse .
on monday morning mrs . whitaker was working in the back garden .
she had a small herb garden she was extremely proud of : dill , vervain , mint , rosemary , thyme , and a wild expanse of parsley .
she would take them down to the back of her garden , which bordered on the railway line , and throw them over the fence .
but before i had tumbled too far into the world of sleep and dreams , a yowl from the garden jerked me fully awake .
i looked , but saw no party : just narrow houses with rusting cars or bikes in their concreted front gardens ; and the dusty glass fronts of newsagents , which smelled of alien spices and sold everything from birthday cards and secondhand comics to the kind of magazines that were so pornographic that they were sold already sealed in plastic bags .
there was a gardener 's hut at the far end of the graveyard , a small green building that smelled like motor oil and in which the old mower sat and rusted , unused , along with an assortment of ancient garden tools .
we had gardens , libraries , gymnasiums , and even an entertainment room for our downtime , but all were kept neat and clean and overseen by a teacher or senior staff appointed by the old man .
i was in what must have once been a garden , a path of pebbles and sand ( and ash and glass ... ) moving precisely through the twisted , blackened remains of bushes and trees .
at capistrano , i roamed the immense square garden , the open cloisters , and visited the narrow dim serra chapel -- the oldest consecrated catholic chapel in the state of california .
the garden gloves i wore hid the plastic gloves that were more important .
i took the creaky little elevator up to the top floor along with two people who never glanced at me once , and followed the snaking corridors out into the air and past the herb garden till i came to the green railing over the courtyard .
quickly i took off the garden gloves .
these were songs of a spiritual garden extant before the grandmothers departed the earth , and by eighteen toby had turned his back on everything about his past , except the songs , of course , and the music .
in the warm , fragrant garden , he broke down and told her about his mother .
light came from small fixtures that lined the many garden paths of pea gravel .
i checked my pocket , found a valet ticket for my car , and i went downstairs , out through the lobby , and under the campanario , and gave the ticket to the valet along with a twenty - dollar bill and stood there , dazed , looking at everything as if i 'd never seen it before -- the campanario with its many bells , the zinnias blooming along the garden path , and those great slender palms rising upwards as though to point to the flawless blue sky .
when we reached the mission , i took them for a leisurely walk around the grounds , through the garden patches i loved , and around the koi pond , which delighted toby .
about fifteen minutes later he came out and we started walking down the garden paths together , and he was taking pictures again , and he did n't say too much .
suddenly below me i saw spread out an immense and seemingly endless city , a city of domes and rooftop gardens , and rising towers , and crosses beneath the ever shifting layers of clouds .
down we were moving , closer and closer to the rooftop gardens , closer to the domes and steeples , until finally we could see the maze of crooked stairways and alleyways that made up the streets of rome .
magnificent classical scenes of nymphs dancing in paradisal gardens adorned the bare walls .
it 's his garden , really .
` ` a beautiful blossom for a garden of beautiful blossoms .
` ` and i expect you go to a lot of garden parties , '' said the nun .
they followed verse 24 , which in the king james version reads : ` ` so he drove out the man ; and he placed at the east of the garden of eden cherubims , and a flaming sword which turned every way , to keep the way of the tree of life , '' and read : 25 .
she left the dog in the garden , and passed her interview with flying colors , and mrs . dowling led the nanny to see her new charge .
no one quite worked out why this should be the case , since he never seemed to pick up a shovel and made no effort to rid the garden of the sudden flocks of birds that filled it and settled all over him at every opportunity .
a thin stream of water squirted from the nozzle and soaked crowley , who had been looking out the window , trying to see if there was a huge black dog in the garden .
the garden looks like the sahara desert .
` ` you can leave him in the garden , '' said anathema .
an ' , an ' you could grow seaweed and stuff in the garden and shoot sharks .
and he 'd given up on ecology when the ecology magazine he 'd been subscribing to had shown its readers a plan of a self .. sufficient garden , and had drawn the ecological goat tethered within three feet of the ecological beehive .
jaime saw a thin white shoot creep down the side of the raised garden area and prod blindly at the concrete of the floor .
there was a sound outside like a sheet of corrugated iron pinwheeling across the garden , which was exactly what it was .
what does the team recommend for this other than place netting over the garden ?
1 hear you ' ve also been having rains of blood in these parts .. and 1 wish we had these up in the dales , where my garden is .
if a neighbor 's tree was inconsiderate enough to shed leaves into r. p. tyler 's garden , r. p. tyler would first carefully sweep them all up , place them in boxes , and leave the boxes outside his neighbor 's front door , with a stern note .
he sat in the garden , and scratched in the dirt with a pebble , looking despondent .
adam sat dispiritedly in the garden .
` ` dog , '' said adam , sternly , ` ` get away from that hedge , because if you went through it , then i 'd have to chase you to catch you , and i 'd have to go out of the garden , and i ' m not allowed to do that .
the expression on her face made richard think of a beautiful homeless child he had seen , the previous winter , behind covent garden : he had not been certain whether it was a girl or a boy .
but the shelves were filled with a host of other things : tennis rackets , hockey sticks , umbrellas , a spade , a notebook computer , a wooden leg , several mugs , dozens of shoes , pairs of binoculars , a small log , six glove puppets , a lava lamp , various cds , records ( lps , 45s , and 78s ) , cassette tapes and eight - tracks , dice , toy cars , assorted pairs of dentures , watches , flashlights , four garden gnomes of assorted sizes ( two fishing , one of them mooning , the last smoking a cigar ) , piles of newspapers , magazines , grimoires , three - legged stools , a box of cigars , a plastic nodding - head alsatian , socks ... the room was a tiny empire of lost property .
the market was being held in the gardens at kew on that day , and her father had taken her with him , as a birthday treat .
` ` there was a sculpture in the garden , before the house , a spartan child , stolen fox half - concealed in its robe , the fox biting the child 's stomach , gnawing the vitals away , the stoic child bravely saying nothing- what could it say , cold marble that it was ?
in the garden mr . aliquid had killed , skinned , and dismembered a rabbit with a small sharp knife .
there was a sharp scream from the garden .
` ` i saw a cat in the garden today , '' she said .
he got up and walked into the garden .
he missed having a garden ; missed proper english lawns with proper english grass .
regan carried it gingerly out into the garden .
when we went to see the end of the world by dawnie morningside , age 11 what i did on the founders day holiday was , my dad said we were going to have a picnic , and , my mum said where and i said i wanted to go to ponydale and ride the ponies , but my dad said we were going to the end of the world and my mum said oh god and my dad said now , tanya , its time the child got to see what was what and my mum said no , no , she just meant that shed thought that johnsons peculiar garden of lights was nice this time of year .
my mum loves johnsons peculiar garden of lights , which is in lux , between 12th street and the river , and i like it too , especially when they give you potato sticks and you feed them to the little white chipmunks who come all the way up to the picnic table .
in one house there were people dancing in the garden .
and mummy said there were nt alot of wasps in johnsons peculiar garden of lights either .
there were three of them , scrabbling around in the garden .
-did the fox drop it in the garden ?
a standard apartment at the back of a lot of others ; black fire escape , small windows , little roof garden throwing down wisps of greenery into the guttering .
we raised a hog and smoked the meat , had our own garden . ''
i break horses and run me a few cows and hogs and chickens , grow me a pretty good - size garden , but i ai n't growin ' a family .
and , as simply as one might turn a page , jack found himself standing in a pleasant garden , awash in the golden light of a late - afternoon sun .
` ` this is my dear friend dr . vandermast 's garden in zayana , where it is eternally afternoon .
` ` dr . vandermast 's garden is not like other places .
` ` there are two gates from this garden .
` ` yet we can not stay in this garden forever , jack .
urdang pushed himself through the crowd and opened the gate upon a long , lush flower garden .
a small man in a dhoti of dazzling white sat in the lotus position just in front of a fountain placed in the middle of the garden .
adam and eve in the garden , he thought .
i thought we 'd head over to the ice garden , cut the rug , have a few , and then head out into the desert after midnight to watch the stars fall . ''
only a moment passed before she opened them , but they were already there , passing down the long avenue lined with monkey - puzzle trees toward the circular drive of the glimmering ice garden .
dex came around the back of the car , took his date by the arm , and together they headed past the huge potted palms and down a brief tunnel toward a large rectangular patio open to the desert sky and bounded by a lush garden of the most magnificent crystal flora , emitting a blizzard of reflection .
a waitress appeared with two gin wrinkles - liquid pink ice and the garden 's own bathtub blend of gin .
turn that gas wheel and lower the lights , '' said nabob , his voice echoing through the garden and out into the desert .
whistles and catcalls rose out of the dull amber glow of the ice garden .
they left the dance floor as the lights came up and walked toward the huge structure that held the casino , the gaming rooms , the pleasure parlors of the ice garden .
from down the hall , he heard jeminy blow his whistle , an alert to the ice garden 's force of leg breakers .
somehow mondrian had known to call the car up , because when dex and adeline arrived in front of the ice garden , breathless , scuff marks on their clothes , the belvedere was there , top down and running , jim - jim holding adeline 's door .
` ` my feet are killing me , '' said adeline as they screeched out of the entrance to the ice garden and onto the desert highway .
with the accuracy of a bullet between the eyes , one of the million heavenly messengers screeched down upon them , a fireball the size of the ice garden .
but it has occurred to me that the big house next door , which belongs to my last - stepfather - but - two , has a large garden with an ornamental as - it - were lake in it .
i showed the lot through stepdaddy five 's front door and out to the lake in his garden .
they dropped more cowpats through stepdaddy five 's nice hallway as i showed the lot of them out into his garden .
by then we were almost out of bird feed , so i ushered this lot , swans included , into stepdaddy five 's garden and raced off to the corner shop .
the place was small , a bungalow with masonite siding , a cracked cinder - block foundation , and the remains of a garden that anna had planted .
it was like stepping into a twilight garden , or some hidden biosphere at the zoo .
the bed faced a large window overlooking a garden .
the sentry looked at him in confusion , but laurence looked back at him with unmoving face , brazening it out , and the man was in a moment overwhelmed by a sudden flow of servants hurrying out into the garden .
laurence heard no more of the conversation : the heavy crunching tread of the dragon faded , as though they had wandered away through the gardens .
` ` that , sir , can not be anything but welcome , '' laurence said , without much enthusiasm ; he had heard enough of the conversation in the garden to guess at kaneko 's intentions : the man was looking for some means of eeling out of his vow , laurence supposed , and meant to offer him some mean and cowardly alternative to death - imprisonment for life , perhaps , or a kind of indentured servitude .
he sprang to junichiro 's side and caught the heavy panel , lifting it aside ; together they slid through the opening and into the gardens , small pebbles rolling underfoot and a fragrant smell of crushed leaves as they forced their way past a few small pines .
he followed junichiro through the gardens , and past a low building smelling of cattle and horse piss ; a gentle slope eased away into the woods .
at last they began a descent over what seemed to laurence a sprawling country estate : a great wilderness of gardens in the chinese style - meandering paths and great pitted boulders amidst running streams crossed by graceful arched bridges , and a large pavilion which might have accommodated a horde of dragons beside the house .
the streets of moscow bore little resemblance to the thronged narrow lanes which laurence had seen from aloft , only a month before : now half - deserted , frequented more by rats than men and full of rubble , lined with ruined houses and gardens still choked with ash .
they went up to fat charlie 's place , the upstairs half of a smallish house in maxwell gardens , just off the brixton road .
chapter two which is mostly about the things that happen after funerals fat charlie puffed his way through the memorial garden of rest , squinting at the florida sunshine .
the memorial garden of rest did , in fact , look very much like a garden , but a very odd garden , in which all the flowers were artificial , and they grew from metal vases protruding from metal plaques set in the ground .
the memorial garden of rest did , in fact , look very much like a garden , but a very odd garden , in which all the flowers were artificial , and they grew from metal vases protruding from metal plaques set in the ground .
the memorial garden of rest did , in fact , look very much like a garden , but a very odd garden , in which all the flowers were artificial , and they grew from metal vases protruding from metal plaques set in the ground .
in the silence that followed , fat charlie could hear someone shouting at the other end of the memorial gardens , back near where he had come in .
the shouting got even louder , and now it was loud enough and clear enough , in the silence that followed fat charlie 's statement , for everyone to be able to make out the words being bellowed across the memorial gardens : ` ` fat charlie !
her lips were pressed tightly together , and she led the way down one of the memorial garden 's many paths .
a lizard zapped up one of the struts of the metal fence at the edge of the memorial garden , then poised itself at the top of a spike , tasting the thick florida air .
fat charlie suppressed the urge to say something about having come four thousand miles already that day , and having rented a car and driven down from orlando , and how he had got off at the wrong exit , and whose idea was it anyway to tuck a garden of rest behind a wal - mart on the very edge of town ?
she was wearing a blue bra and panties , and was pointing to the bath , in the center of which sat a large brown garden spider .
when you have drunk an entire bottle of white wine , coaxing a rather skittish garden spider into a clear plastic tumbler using only an old birthday card becomes more of a challenge to hand - eye coordination than it is at other times ; a challenge that is not helped by a partially unclothed fiancee on the edge of hysterics , who , despite her announcement that she would wait in the kitchen , is instead leaning over your shoulder and offering advice .
he took the spider downstairs and out of the front door , into the tiny front garden , which consisted of a hedge , for people to throw up in , and several large flagstones with grass growing up between them .
i thought i 'd save on postage and drop it off myself , since i was going to be passing by maxwell gardens anyway .
it might have been a good - sized bedroom for a normal - sized garden gnome or an undersized dwarf , but for anyone else it was a closet with a window .
i told him he might as well give up looking for maxwell gardens , and that it obviously was n't a maxwell gardens kind of night , and eventually he agreed so we went and had breakfast in one of those places taxi drivers have breakfast .
i told him he might as well give up looking for maxwell gardens , and that it obviously was n't a maxwell gardens kind of night , and eventually he agreed so we went and had breakfast in one of those places taxi drivers have breakfast .
when he told the other taxi drivers he 'd been driving all around last night looking for maxwell gardens , well , i thought blood was going to be spilled .
the garden of rest looked like something from a movie : there was a low ground mist which threw everything into soft focus .
the dawn chorus was beginning : grackles and orioles and mockingbirds were singing in the day in the wilderness beyond the garden of rest .
they walked into maxwell gardens in silence .
but i broke this ball in her garden .
fat charlie walked back through the garden of rest feeling stupid , like a game show contestant who had just made the mistake of betting his million dollars on the mississippi being a longer river than the amazon .
` ` you should never have break my garden mirror ball . ''
she wanted to see her sister in rye , and before she could think , there she was in the garden at rye , watching her sister walking her springer spaniel .
it seemed to be some kind of garden .
he helped her to her feet , and they walked out of the garden of rest .
she 'd only scream and have a heart attack and die , and then the damn garden of rest would get even more crowded than it already was .
the jungle was returning , rising from the ashes like a new world that had been created from scratch - a vast garden built as a sanctuary for these early humans .
so i take the scenic route , winding through cobble hill and carroll gardens , past the blocks of boarded - up and blacked - out brownstones .
harrow at the garden .
they stroll a golden path together through the garden in the courtyard , enfolded in birdsong and blossoms .
* * * ashley jumped from the truck , arm tucked in a blue sling , and crossed through her cacti garden , hurrying toward a group of uniformed men huddled under the small green awning over her porch , which offered the only shade for a hundred yards .
jason and ben were playing catch in the dusty yard , their feet trampling her feeble attempt at growing a succulent garden .
she should have known it was a dream because all her garden grew were those weird red mushroom pods .
a double set of french doors were swung wide open upon a small balcony overlooking the hotel 's shaded garden courtyard .
beyond was a central garden courtyard , rich with orchids and climbing flowering vines .
so while the other aides enjoyed the pre - eclipse buffet in the garden atrium and networked with the members of the presidential senior staff , he would be playing stenographer .
4:44 p.m. pst ( 10:44 a.m. local time ) hagatna , territory of guam in the garden atrium of the governor 's mansion , jeffrey hessmire stared in awe at the total eclipse of the sun .
hagatna , territory of guam in the garden atrium of the governor 's mansion , jeffrey hessmire stood beside the secretary of state .
prologue july 25 , 6:24 p.m. an amerindian missionary village amazonas , brazil padre garcia luiz batista was struggling with his hoe , tilling weeds from the mission 's garden , when the stranger stumbled from the jungle .
garcia waved his free arm to one of the yanomamo tribesmen at the garden 's edge , a fellow named henaowe .
the tilled soil and barren rows were telltale signs that the landing field must once have been the village 's garden .
` ` i suspect the site where i found these was an old indian garden .
` ` an indian garden ? ''
they plant gardens , stay a year or two , then move on .
i ' m afraid a garden 's presence here does not mean anything significant . ''
it was the abandoned indian garden .
kouwe led nate into the garden .
` ` over the next days , the hunter 's child died , and more in the village grew ill . then a week ago , a woman returning from gathering bananas from the garden found a marking on the outer wall of the shabano .
the devil 's garden .
devil 's garden ?
it 's why such spots in the jungle are called supay chacra , or a devil 's garden . ''
more a pest for gardens and jungle farms .
kelly vaguely remembered nate telling her how the indians would stake their gardens with bamboo torches and burn some type of powder as an insect repellent to protect their harvest .
the small indian woman , though naked , moved casually , as if through a garden party , all curves and smooth legs .
he recognized the doubt in nate 's eyes and continued , ` ` take , for example , the tree of knowledge from the garden of eden .
half a year ago , for his twelfth birthday , they had come here to picnic at the al - zawraa gardens with its amusement - park rides and zoo .
a month ago , makeen had watched from their apartment near the park as a firefight blazed across the lush gardens , waged by american forces and the republican guard .
over the years , that fortune continued to grow , and the polk family was one of the first to build in the oak - shadowed glen of new orleans 's garden district .
by the time she climbed the stone steps to her home in the garden district , it was late .
god had banished man from the garden of eden for daring to trespass upon the tree of knowledge .
perhaps what we 're looking at is the source of the mythology of an earlier earthly paradise , the proverbial garden of eden .
' so the lord god banished him from the garden of eden . '
it was only a short ride on the st . charles streetcar from lorna 's garden district home .
epilogue spring baghdad , iraq two young men hurried through the al - zawraa gardens toward the main gates of the baghdad zoo .
` ` let 's head back to the gardens , '' makeen said , moderating his tone .
` ` so eve herself believed in the garden of eden when she listened to the snake and stole from the tree of knowledge . ''
the walls had been painted in a riotous garden of flowers and trees set among trickling waterways and azure pools .
safia took in the rest of the gardens , a place she had once played in as a child .
an english garden , a bit of britain in the center of muscat .
in contrast , though , four large date palms dotted each corner , arched and shading a good portion of the garden .
safia could still hear his amused bluster , echoing off the garden walls , as he returned from a board meeting to find them lounging in the fountain .
a wardrobe stood on the far side , near the windows that opened upon a shadowed side garden , gloomy with the setting sun .
smaller gardens filled the narrow space , some separated into private , hedge - lined shade gardens , dotted with fountains .
smaller gardens filled the narrow space , some separated into private , hedge - lined shade gardens , dotted with fountains .
securing the hooks with a snug pull , cassandra swung from the wall toward the garden below .
someone had shared the garden with her ... and she 'd been unaware .
the garden city of oman .
they stood in the middle of a flagstone courtyard , walled and bordered by small orderly gardens .
it cast everything - the neighboring mosque , the edges of the walls , even the hard - packed gravel of the garden path - in stark , flat detail , a silver negative held over a bright light .
stepping out of the prayer room , she crossed back toward the trucks , following the white gravel path through the dark gardens .
cassandra followed the garden path back to the prayer room .
he stood in a small weedy vegetable garden .
reaching the end of the alleyway , safia lunged across the wet gardens toward the far wall .
a pair of leopards bounded from the dark gardens to the wall , then away , following the camel .
out in the courtyard , one of the mitsubishi trucks bounced through the gardens , digging ragged furrows .
the garden of eden ... reborn .
the only public spaces were st . peter 's basilica , the vatican museums , and the gardens .
but she knew atop the apostolic palace lay a hidden garden , with fountains , trellis - lined paths , and neatly manicured shrubs .
reaching the edge of the manicured gardens , he glanced back to the castle .
they circled the museum complex and reached the vast gardens covering the back half of the city - state .
` ` it is also said , '' vigor added , ` ` that upon his deathbed in the royal palace of babylon , he gazed out upon the city 's famous hanging gardens , a tower of sculpted terraces , rooftop gardens , and waterfalls .
` ` it is also said , '' vigor added , ` ` that upon his deathbed in the royal palace of babylon , he gazed out upon the city 's famous hanging gardens , a tower of sculpted terraces , rooftop gardens , and waterfalls .
palm trees dotted the garden median dividing the city from the water .
` ` and the hanging gardens of babylon .
it lit up the gardens below the tower and the spread of city below the hill .
it offered a panoramic view of copenhagen 's city square , and from the private balcony , he could hear the distant titter and music of one of the world 's oldest amusement parks , tivoli gardens .
tivoli gardens .
without a word , they fled together toward the heart of tivoli gardens .
shortly after disappearing into the crowds of tivoli gardens , gray and fiona had hopped on the old ride , playing father and daughter .
we had a small house in waltham forest in london , even a garden .
they cleared the garden paths and entered the central plaza with its wide lake , aglow from all the lights and lanterns of the encircling pavilions and palaces .
so the aftermath of their flight from tivoli gardens proved no worse than bruises and scrapes among the jostled visitors .
what did she say when you called her about your escapades in tivoli gardens ? ''
khamisi had been to this particular whitewashed two - story colonial home many times , with its giant shady acacia trees , tiny garden , and small courtyard where a smattering of chickens roamed .
maybe if he scared her , reminded her of her close call in tivoli gardens .
they passed a square lined by outdoor cafes , beer gardens , and a central bandstand , where gray was sure a polka band played every night .
he looked like he was dressed for a garden party .
the forest opened into a stretch of manicured and lamplit greensward , a garden of dancing waters and flowing springs .
they headed toward the manor house , across a stone path that split the water garden and arched over a few of the ponds and creeks .
it was a handsome garden , but gray wondered who needed a hothouse when you already lived in africa .
as they crossed the slate floor , gray noted that the conservatory 's flora consisted of organized sections : bonsai trees and shrubs , a fern garden , and last , a section that was dense with orchids .
suddenly , with no warning , their cycle jetted out of the jungle and into a ten - acre manicured garden .
two decades ago , father , son , and uncle had left italian soil , under the seal of pope gregory x , to venture forth into the mongol lands , all the way to the khan 's palaces and gardens in shangdu , where they had roosted far too long , like caged partridges .
striding forward , the newcomer had apparently come dressed for a garden party , dapperly attired in a loose - fitting white linen suit with a matching cane , his salt - and - pepper hair cut rakishly long to the collar .
` ` like other members of the species , this little bug can be found in gardens around the world .
remove these two rings , and anthrax transforms back into an innocent organism , living happily in any garden .
` ` it 's been theorized that , sometime in the ancient past , a viral bacteriophage injected a peaceful bacillus with this deadly pair of plasmids , creating a new monster in the biosphere and transforming a sweet little garden bug into a killer . ''
and beyond the scaffolding , the topkapi palace sprawled amid courtyards and gardens .
thorny weeds grew from cracks , a few steps away a large open cistern threatened a nasty fall , and a couple of scraggly date palms sprouted from an old garden patch .
across a curved entry road the three - story colonial hotel spread from the river in yellow wings of plaster and timber , roofed in red stone , anchored in manicured french gardens .
tall walls surrounded the small two - story facility and its lush gardens of papaya trees , flowering lotus , sparkling fountains , along with a few quiet statues of buddha wrapped in saffron robes , trailing thin spikes of smoke from morning prayer sticks .
12:02 p.m. gray crossed down the hospital 's garden path .
he had circled the entire garden , full around the building .
the professor 's route took them through the mall 's sculpture garden across from the hirshhorn museum .
beyond the garden , polk 's path continued across the mall , edging alongside the tents of a labor day media event that was still being dismantled .
gray glanced back to the sunken garden , studying the professor 's path .
traffic slowed again , but in only a few minutes , the view opened to the left , revealing an expansive parkland of meadows , gardens , reflecting pools , and patches of forest .
some have called this place chernobyl 's garden of eden .
it still remains a radioactive garden .
down in the garden , he noted a flicker of red ash .
gray stared down into the garden , to the crimson glow of a cigarette .
cobblestone lanes crisscrossed past fenced gardens and squat timbered homes .
a low stone wall cordoned off a beer garden in front , its tables and chairs currently covered in a thin coat of fresh snow , but the fiery glow from the inn 's lower windows promised steaming warmth and hot drinks .
joining the others , he crossed through the frozen beer garden and reached the front door .
she continued along the path through the sculpture garden .
the eastern ward held gardens , orchards , even a few fishponds .
1:20 p.m. rachel stood with wallace in a hotel garden at the heart of bar - sur - aube .
the structure consisted of a square walkway , covered on top and lined with columns on the inside , facing a sunny inner garden .
their guide brought them out into the central garden , with its narrow paths framed by low bushes and angular flower beds .
gray followed her out and stood beside an ornate compass that graced the center of the garden .
surprised , gray stepped back out into the garden .
the coordinates marked a massive square of stone ruins around a large garden .
gray ran into the garden and headed toward the compass .
30 october 14 , 3:33 p.m. clairvaux , france krista stalked across the cloister 's garden .
she stood in the walkway with khattab and stared at the brass compass in the middle of the garden .
they retreated out into the garden .
the stone jar rolled from his dead arms out into the sunlit garden .
then across the garden , she spotted who was firing , who had ambushed her team .
the french soldiers spread out and through the garden .
he watched the impact of the bullets pound john creed out into the garden .
monk rushed past painter into the garden .
one figure searched around , then stumbled out into the garden .
he stumbled into the garden .
beyond his window was the less picturesque landscape of the observatory campus , but a small water garden lay below , alongside a raked and swept zen garden , swirling around a tall craggy rock .
beyond his window was the less picturesque landscape of the observatory campus , but a small water garden lay below , alongside a raked and swept zen garden , swirling around a tall craggy rock .
passing through a fenced gate and across a small vegetable garden , gray reached the front door and knocked .
they were the weed in the garden that could not be pulled .
with renewed determination , she crossed along the tall stacked - stone fence of the clinic and stepped through the wrought - iron gates , entering a garden oasis set amidst the surrounding commercial parks .
someone had gone to great expense to make the clinic feel warm and inviting , a veritable garden of eden , where dreams of infertile couples could not help but come true .
beyond the wall , a sunlit courtyard was half - parking lot , half - gardens , holding centuries - old oaks and flowering rose beds .
there were two trees in the garden of eden .
gray pictured the garden of eden .
he pictured her sweet face aglow under the moonlight in the garden , lost in the drift of cherry blossoms , her lips as soft as the whispery song of thrushes in the branches and the tinkle of a fountain .
as a girl , seichan had been on her belly beside a small garden pond , tracing a finger in the water , trying to lure up a golden carp - then her mother 's face reflected next to her , wavering in the rippled surface , surrounded by a floating scatter of fallen cherry blossoms .
' and the lord god commanded man , saying , of every tree of the garden thou may freely eat .
similarly , it was a condemnation against eating from another tree - in this second case , the tree of life found in the garden of eden . ` `
` ` you should go to the garden , '' she said .
the rich aroma of plants and soil she would expect in a garden dome .
her garden was down there .
intending to discover this lost garden amid the icy shores , the beagle had set out , all in the hopes of claiming new virgin territory for the crown .
but between the cracks , he spotted flourishes of orchids and flowering bromeliads , a magical garden bathed by the mists .
besides the pure beauty of it , the design offered illumination at night for the workers who tended to this unnatural garden .
the walls had been terraced into various levels of gardens , bursting with orchids , bromeliads , leafy vines , and blossoms of every hue and size .
cutter stood to the side , scanning the nearby walls , as if searching for weeds growing in his fantastical garden .
it all could be easily mistaken for some organic vegetable garden , but kendall suspected what grew here was something far more insidious and anything but organic .
kendall 's stomach churned as he turned to stare at the dark garden spread below .
someone had converted it into a series of tiered gardens , festooned all around with orchids , bromeliads , and flowering vines .
at first nothing seemed out of the ordinary about these gardens , but after passing through a few levels , she started to notice oddities .
they continued for another twenty yards in silence , accompanied by nothing but birdsong and the squawk of parrots from a higher level of this garden .
he surveyed his handiwork , the many - tiered gardens , his galapagos in the sky .
but doubt had settled into that perfect garden of his soul , a bright seed of new possibility , shown to him by the small figure of a woman , an eve in the guise of a park ranger .
it was time to start anew , to plant a fresh garden .
the top of the building had a strictly regimented garden space , with planter boxes and fountains .
terraced gardens alternated with structures that seemed to grow from the walls .
then an open garden where two lines of gamorreans in different - colored uniforms were squealing and grunting at one another , while a pair of recording droids zipped among them , trying to catch everything that was being said and screamed and muttered .
they walked along a wide terrace with a stone railing that looked down over a walled garden .
in the walled garden below them , three humans sat across a stone table from a pair of rodians .
when they reached the alcove at the garden 's edge , the rodians were standing and making small , insincere bows to the humans .
a crowd of thin - faced , mean - looking humans scowled at him as he passed a little garden .
by cutting through the gardens and then the conference halls , he could get to the spaceport without fighting the traffic .
scarlet finally reached the side door to the hotel and burst through into the conference center 's garden space .
work in the garden . ''
my wife planted an herb garden , some flowers , a few hot pepper plants .
she and her workgroups had been the only people ever to walk in that garden .
a beautiful cascade of logic and implication opened before her like stepping into a garden .
in almost every backyard , he saw a vibrant garden , bursting not only with flowers but vegetables and fruit .
she pulled a garden spade out of her wet backpack .
the width of the river had narrowed by almost half , but the current was rougher , blasting down through a rock garden in a furious spray of whitewater .
on the next street down , he walks alongside an entire block devoted to a community garden , several dozen people hard at work , filling large baskets with fruit and vegetables .
the community gardens .
it was harvest time in the community gardens , the end of the season , and the burkes ' fridge was loaded down with their share of fresh veggies and fruit .
she 'd held some position of authority at the community gardens .
the backdrop was blurred , but from the color , ethan guessed that the photo had been taken in the community gardens .
about the latest crop from the gardens .
two minutes of silence elapsed and then ethan commented on their garden .
the blip went from the house , to the community gardens , and back .
ted exploded the first of two pairs of dots in the community gardens .
i thought i 'd bring you something from my garden . ''
it happened the day of alyssa 's death at the community gardens , and the interaction was identical to their first .
day # 5311 from : alyssa pilcher to : david pilcher mission # 1055 contact report # 2 subject : resident 308 , a / k / a kate ballinger eighteen days post - initial contact , ballinger approached me at the gardens and gave me a bell pepper .
day # 5314 from : alyssa pilcher to : david pilcher mission # 1055 contact report # 5 subject : resident 308 , a / k / a kate ballinger ballinger returned to my stand at the gardens with a second bell pepper .
the book was currently open to the page that explained how food was distributed through the winter months when the gardens were in deep freeze .
there 's this japanese tea garden .
he set down a plate of fresh fruit - certainly the last of it - from the gardens .
a low , throaty growl started down in her garden .
a woman who worked in the community gardens pushed past several people and glared at ethan .
with five minutes remaining , he shot three abbies on the road south of town , killed two more in the vicinity of the gardens .
there 's no garden to harvest from .
` ` with our full in - town population , we might have had the manpower to expand our gardens fast enough to meet demand .
just took for granted that they could walk into this cafeteria , or down to the community gardens , or the town grocery , and find food .
she 'd been killed in the invasion and the recent cold had murdered her garden as well .
chapter 7 doomsday capsule t he fairies kept the grounds around the main house of fablehaven in bloom all year , but as kendra wandered the perimeter of the yard , the blossoms seemed extra bright , as if springtime lent added splendor even to enchanted gardens .
kendra felt certain her perceptions of the garden 's enhanced beauty had nothing to do with her mood .
how was it possible that she was roaming a glorious garden while the rest of her family suffered ?
chapter 30 a new shrine on a hot summer day , kendra strolled through the garden at fablehaven .
among the terraced gardens , kendra observed standing stones of varied shape and size , smaller cousins of the megaliths encircling the base of the hill .
the architecture was complex and varied , incorporating soaring spires , swooping rooftops , spiraling towers , fragile arches , cartoonish chimneys , colorful canopies , columned walkways , multitiered gardens , and glistening domes .
` ` the garden would flourish too quickly .
these fairies are in a darkened state - an undefined alteration that leaves them with full access to the gardens .
around her , the garden was in full bloom , more splendid than ever , as if the fairies were attempting to apologize .
amid the shadowed shrubs of the garden , kendra noticed the colorful twinkle of fairies flitting about .
as a consequence of the slope , a retaining wall encompassed three sides of the garden , low in the front , high in the back .
one evening i started him hoeing out in the garden .
fairies use their magic all the time , sometimes for mischief , sometimes to beautify a garden .
then the fairies had mounded up the surrounding earth over the spot the chapel had occupied and made it bloom as brightly as the gardens back at the house.124 must look better now without that moldy old church , seth said .
why do n't you show us your favorite flower in the garden ?
tanu , vanessa , dale , and hugo had emerged from the woods and were approaching through the garden .
kendra ran away from the porch through the garden .
the fairies were permitted in the garden only by his consent .
taking off the glove , she walked out from among the trees and through the garden to the back door , where warren met her .
a bright flower garden bloomed in front of the house .
berries from the garden and homemade raspberry preserves , lena said , placing a platter on the table containing toast , butter , a pitcher of milk , a bowl of sugar , and a bowl of jam .
there are gardens to explore .
paths of white stones meandered among flower beds , hedgerows , vegetable gardens , fruit trees , and flowering plants .
the garden teemed with life .
of course , she had never visited a world - class garden .
keeps the garden lively .
i noticed all the different kinds of butterflies in your garden .
it continued to come down hard , puddling around the garden .
kendra retrieved an umbrella from the hall closet and joined lena in the garden .
kendra led him away from the pool through the garden to some flowering shrubs on the outskirts of the yard .
as kendra continued to survey the garden , startled disbelief melted into wonder .
roaming the pathways of the garden in a daze , kendra saw that the fairy women appeared to represent all nationalities .
all the fairies gleamed brilliantly , outshining the flowers of the garden like the sun outshines the moon .
made from the same milk you sampled in the garden today .
i expect you 'd have more fun playing in the garden .
kendra looked out at the garden .
there were a few fairies up ahead , not as many as in the garden .
kendra was approaching from the garden .
how about exploring the enormous garden full of fairies ?
how does grandpa know they will stay in his garden if he buys them ?
especially an environment like fablehaven , with gardens and plentiful food and other enchanted critters .
it may be some time before the fairies return in force to our gardens , lena said .
several fairies darted over from the garden , hovering around her in a loose semicircle , interrupting the warbling tune with fervent chirping .
the damaged furniture strewn about the garden .
he led the way across the back porch , weaving through the garden toward their destination .
she wandered the garden .
the garden now teemed with fairies , and they paid kendra a lot of special attention .
he sat down in the garden , and has n't said a word or responded to anyone since .
here in the gardens , people did n't scream at each other .
a cool mountain breeze came down from the heights and swept through the gardens , making vines shy backward .
it was almost like a garden , though the plants were obviously wild rather than cultivated .
we had some like them back in my father 's ornamental garden . ''
father is complaining that the trees in his gardens never listen when he tells them to obey .
` ` and we are in the gardens , '' shallan continued .
the two of them sat in the gardens , accompanied by wikim , who sat on the ground tossing a cloth - wrapped ball for his axehound sakisa to catch .
shallan was accustomed to balconies , gardens , and patios all facing away from the storms .
maxin nodded , and the two of them moved off to the right , heading toward the palace 's sculpture garden .
` ` anyway , '' gawx continued , ` ` everyone outside in the gardens is hoping to be called in for a personal interview .
` ` let it go to one of those fools in the gardens . ''
these were the opposite of those in the gardens back home , where the plants had been sheltered for so long .
they 're gardens .
21 we found mrs . maheras in the garden still .
she continued planting flowers upon her son 's grave , hidden in the garden .
they passed by a koi pond , shadowed by the drooping branches of a weeping willow and surrounded by a patch of the gardens that had been recently dug up and tilled , prepared to replant for the coming autumn season .
` ` perhaps this garden is a good place to start ? ''
leaving the market lanes behind , they passed through a worn gate into a courtyard garden , filled with more palms and a tree with big yellow fruits hanging from its branches .
the noise of the crowd behind them faded away , replaced with the calm serenity of bubbling streams and the whisper of bamboo in the palace gardens .
many pillars throughout the room were carved with gold - tinted dragons , and the walls were filled with so many bouquets of flowers , some as tall as cress , that it was like the gardens had begun to grow wild inside .
looking into his eyes for the first time since she 'd fallen in the palace gardens .
the child - size foot that had fallen off on the garden steps , its plating dented and the joints packed with dirt .
her body was found in the gardens . ''
we ' ve got some gardens on the reservation , too .
after breakfast , we sat out on the porch , watching the sheets of rain , the puddles collecting in the herb garden .
imagine , too , that while the tower makes and remakes the world inside the border , it also slowly sends its emissaries across that border in ever greater numbers , so that in tangled gardens and fallow fields its envoys begin their work .
at the center , a ragged vegetable garden of tomatoes , carrots , squash .
he could recall looking through the kitchen window to see bliss and his father in the garden .
a garden of fungus .
but the taller man gave way , and suddenly the shorter man was down on his knees , being sick into the ruins of the garden .
at the far end of the lawn , duncan , ten and still sandy - haired , was helping our mother with the small herb garden .
the glint of his eye - through the summer sun , the crushed - mint scent from the garden beyond , and she , with eyes half - closed , listening to his voice but not hearing the question .
this path , this love , can never lead me to you fast enough and yet , cruelly , reminds me of you in every way - from the rough rooftops where we sat and watched the sky turn to amber ash , to the gardens where your walking silhouette would confuse my mind with your scent , with the sight of pale perfect legs sheathed in clean white socks .
then into the sometimes moonlit gardens , rushing through shrubbery as i throb for you - using the blind shoulder of the storage room to hide me from the night watchmen , only to arrive below your window , your outline ablaze against the curtain .
and then down the wall that separates gardens and the second wing of classrooms - until , once again , breathless but happy , i am outside your window .
after duncan had recounted some of these ` ` episodes '' to me , it was hard to laugh when he began to sign his infrequent postcards , ` ` your brother , the fungus garden . ''
{ but i was - i was a transplanted fungal garden torn from the subterranean gardens of the gray caps .
{ but i was - i was a transplanted fungal garden torn from the subterranean gardens of the gray caps .
i do n't remember anything about my trip , except the absent - minded scratches from a rose bush in the gardens and the frozen position of the stars .
after so many talks in the gardens at lunch - so many wonderful conversations - how could he possibly consider - why , it was an outrage - why , i had been a model teacher - why , i was a published historian - i was - i was ... and , finally , at some point , i realized that he had heard none of what i had said , and that his look of sorrow had transformed his face from granite to skin and flesh and bone .
so duncan became absent from blythe academy , no longer roaming its halls , its gardens , its classrooms .
it had tall , delicate spires , broad , shady avenues , and many parks and gardens .
it was quite a large house , and it had wings to it that partially enclosed a well - tended flower garden with paved walks , neatly - trimmed hedges and manicured lawns .
she was in her marble - walled garden tending roses when i arrived .
i flew on and settled into a tree in pol 's garden .
as it turned out , she was in the garden , and she was n't alone .
it was early spring , but it was already fairly warm , and polgara was out spading up her kitchen garden .
i could only hope that they 'd get the point when i told them that i needed them at ' the rose garden . '
the young men crowding the edge of the wharf with yearning eyes put me in mind of a flower garden planted by someone with absolutely no sense of taste .
the apartment we shared was a bright , sun - filled set of rooms that overlooked a garden .
beldaran and i were probably not going to spend our time shooting arrows at the roses in the garden below , so our windows were broad and quite tall .
should we dunk him in that fishpond in the garden until he regains his senses ?
just to be on the safe side , i sent out a searching thought when asrana and i went into the garden .
at one time there had been gardens there , but when i 'd bought the property , those gardens had long since been taken over by weeds .
at one time there had been gardens there , but when i 'd bought the property , those gardens had long since been taken over by weeds .
let 's go out into the garden . '
there are a lot of weeds in this garden , but i 'll get them all pulled out so that the beds are ready for the roses . '
curved wings extended out from either side of the main hall to embrace a formal garden with incipient hedges and unplanted flower - beds awaiting my attention .
i winnowed my way through the court of the duke of wacune and skimmed off the best and brightest young ladies and , by carefully manipulating the seemingly random conversations in my library or my rose garden , i began to educate them .
the first of the borunes was as passionate as i was about roses , and he spent several hours each day in his garden .
it was evening when i settled in the garden of my manor house at lake erat .
i wrote him an official - sounding authorization , and then i went out into the garden and put on feathers again .
i was more than a little startled - frantic would be a better word - when general halbren 's voice broke in on my harvesting of my garden to advise me that malon was nowhere to be found .
in the spring i put in a vegetable garden .
though i appeared to be tending to my vegetable garden that following summer , i was actually doing a great deal of thinking .
i was spading up my vegetable garden when father swooped in .
' do n't you have any idea at all about what 's happening in the world beyond the edge of your garden ?
then he sadly buried his friend near the stone wall in my garden , and he transplanted a pair of rose - bushes to mark the spot .
but we have to get into the gardens around the foreign ministry first . '
the island produced no economically significant crops , and the small plots of ground under cultivation were devoted to what might be called expanded kitchen gardens .
the process had begun rather abruptly in the palace garden one summer afternoon when he had come around a box hedge to find a small swarm of fairies pollinating flowers under danae 's supervision .
the house was quite large , and it was set apart in a kind of park where tall old trees shaded gently - sloping lawns and gardens and sparkling fountains .
the building was constructed around an interior courtyard , a lush garden with a marble fountain in the centre .
that evening , after arrangements had been made and the crowd had been mostly dispersed to nearby houses , sparhawk sat in the cool garden at the centre of the house with sephrenia and vanion .
once she had a swarm of fairies pollinating all the flowers in the palace garden . '
they gathered that morning in sephrenia 's interior garden to hear the details of what was really going on in tamuli .
sparhawk had retired to one corner of sephrenia 's little garden with one of vanion 's styric scrolls and had been trying to puzzle out the styric alphabet .
sparhawk remembered the swarm of fairies pollinating the flowers in the palace garden in cimmura .
formal gardens were spaced about the lawns - boxy hedges and beds of flowers lined by low , white walls .
fountains played in the gardens and in the courtyards of the buildings .
the city looked much like kell , thousands of feet below , except , of course , for the absence of lawns and gardens .
' i want you and uncle beldin and garion to go out there and clear the weeds out of my kitchen garden . '
garion looked with a sense of defeat at aunt pol 's kitchen garden , which seemed quite large enough to provide food for a small army .
she stood at the window of her pink - frilled sitting room in the palace at boktor watching her son kheva and unrak , the son of barak of trellheim , at play in a garden drenched with morning sunlight .
the leaves had begun to turn , filling die garden below with bright reds and yellows .
it was fronted by a large formal garden and flanked by stately trees .
the houses set far back from the road were universally constructed of marble and were usually surrounded by parks and gardens .
chapter four a warm wind came in off the lake that night , and the wet snow that had blanketed rak hagga and the surrounding countryside turned to a dreary slush that sagged and fell from the limbs of the trees in the little garden at the center of the house and slid in sodden clumps from the gray slate roof .
each house has its own little garden , though , and the windows face that .
the plazas and boulevards beyond the belt of parks and gardens were more grand , and the houses larger and set apart from each other .
velvet and sadi stood looking out the window at the formal garden lying to the east of zakath 's sprawling palace .
` ` in the formal garden near the north wall of the complex , your majesty .
that afternoon , silk , who normally avoided anything remotely resembling physical exertion , spent several hours in the leafy atrium in the center of the east wing , busily piling stones across the mouth of the tiny rivulet of fresh , sparkling water which fed the pool at the center of the little garden .
the fence needed to be there ; there was no question of that , since a nearby herd of algar cattle had to be diverted from plodding with bovine stubbornness across polgara 's garden on their way to water .
on one occasion toward the hot , dusty end of summer when the vegetables in her garden were beginning to wilt , polgara devoted the bulk of one morning to locating a small , black rain cloud over the mountains in ulgoland and gently herding its sodden puffiness toward the vale of aldur and , more specifically , toward her thirsty garden .
on one occasion toward the hot , dusty end of summer when the vegetables in her garden were beginning to wilt , polgara devoted the bulk of one morning to locating a small , black rain cloud over the mountains in ulgoland and gently herding its sodden puffiness toward the vale of aldur and , more specifically , toward her thirsty garden .
errand was playing along the fence when the cloud came in low over the hill to the west and then stopped directly over the cottage and the waiting garden .
when it was several hundred yards beyond polgara 's parched garden , it began to rain -a nice , steady , soaking downpour that very satisfactorily watered several acres of empty grassland .
then she looked at her garden and its drooping turnip tops and pathetic beans .
durnik spent the next week putting in an irrigation system leading from the upper end of their valley to polgara 's garden , and she forgave him for his mistake almost as soon as he had finished it .
the rows of beans , turnips , and cabbages in her garden were as straight as any of durnik 's fences , and weeds were absolutely forbidden .
weeding the garden seemed somehow futile , since the weeds grew back overnight .
` ` i need to get my garden in , and durnik has a great deal of work ahead of him after this past winter . ''
` ` there are a couple in his private garden .
` ` which way did you say that garden was ? ''
i just gave the trees in your garden a little encouragement , that 's all .
polgara rose from her chair , went to the window , and looked out at the small private garden just outside .
the garden was clogged with snow , and the pair of intertwined oak trees ce'nedra had planted there at the time of her betrothal to garion were bowed slightly beneath the weight on their limbs .
get a shovel and a pick from someplace and then bring durnik and the tools to that little garden just outside your apartment window . ''
when the two of them entered the small private garden adjoining the royal apartment , aunt pol , ce'nedra , and xera were already there , standing beneath the intertwined oak trees .
aunt pol and the two girls visited the garden daily , but garion could never discover exactly what they were doing , and the following week his attention was diverted by the sudden appearance of his grandfather , belgarath the sorcerer .
she went to the garden at least a dozen times a day to examine every twig meticulously for signs of budding .
once again she and the two young women , ce'nedra and xera , began puttering in the garden .
` ` aunt pol , you spent all your time in that garden . ''
he frequently found her seated in their garden , looking with an odd , tender expression at her oak trees , and quite often she was gone from the citadel entirely , to return at the end of the day in the company of lady arell all bedecked with wildflowers .
' is princess arissa still spending most of her time in that garden near the south wall ? '
he took lycheas by the scruff of the neck and dragged him across the courtyard towards the walled garden where arissa spent her long hours of confinement .
god 's great flower - garden needs a few weeds to offset the splendour of the roses .
` ` they ' ve cleared the land , '' kurik observed , ` ` but about all i see are kitchen gardens .
wryly he remembered the words of a twenty - fourth - century patriarch of the church who , after travelling from chyrellos to larium , had referred to arcium as ' god 's rock garden ' the following day they entered a large forest of winter - bare birch trees .
there were several outbuildings and storage sheds all built back into the side of the hill just behind the house , and the two - storey barn was of substantial size the carefully tended kitchen garden was surrounded by a sturdy rail fence a single brown and white calf stood at the fence looking wistfully at the wilted carrot tops and frost - browned cabbages inside the garden .
there were several outbuildings and storage sheds all built back into the side of the hill just behind the house , and the two - storey barn was of substantial size the carefully tended kitchen garden was surrounded by a sturdy rail fence a single brown and white calf stood at the fence looking wistfully at the wilted carrot tops and frost - browned cabbages inside the garden .
a submissive little sister with doelike eyes and a bad complexion led them to a small garden near the south wall where they found the princess , sister of the late king aldreas , sitting on a stone bench in the wan winter sunlight with a large book in her lap .
he turned on his heel and started across the winter - brown lawn of the garden .
he turned without answering and followed the patriarch out of the garden .
they crept through a shadowy garden and entered by way of an unlocked back door .
' let me check the garden .
he slipped out into the shadowed garden and carefully moved from tree to tree , his eyes alert .
a slack - lipped servant with dull , uncurious eyes led sparhawk and the others through the house and on into a walled garden filled with the shade of fig trees and the musical trickle of a marble fountain in the centre .
a few of the women of the tribe had gone through the motions of planting the customary gardens , but what was the use of that ?
without fresh water , the gardens of the women of the tribe would die out , and there would be no food to eat next winter .
` ` those bison might be a bit of a problem , but we should be able to come up with a way to keep them out of the gardens . ''
lord morin , high chamberlain to his imperial majesty , ran borune xxiii , sighed as he entered the emperor 's private garden .
he looked around at his sundrenched garden and the cool marble walls surrounding it .
` ` a whole garden of them , i suppose .
the wedding guests , in silks , satins , and brightly colored brocades , seemed themselves almost like some flower garden as they twisted and strained to watch the entrance of the royal bridegroom .
princess ce'nedra sat in the midst of them like a single red rose in a garden of lilies .
gundred and terzie gathered close , and barak 's great face rose from the garden of children clustered about him .
she insisted upon planting the two seeds immediately and rushed down to the small private garden adjoining the royal apartments .
` ` it 's very nice , i suppose , '' garion commented dubiously as he stood watching his princess on her knees in the damp loam of the garden , busily preparing the earth to receive queen xantha 's gift .
she made a little gesture that ce'nedra could not see , and garion followed her to the other end of the garden .
the smell of spring pushed urgently in from the little garden outside his window , and garion knew he must escape , if only for an hour or so .
garion was not sure what to expect as he and silk followed the old man up the path toward the dripping willows , but he was totally unprepared for the neat , thatch - roofed cottage with its small adjoining garden .
i ' ve given her that apartment near the garden she loves so much . ''
the two of them spent most of their time sitting in the garden adjoining the royal apartments where ce'nedra could give vent to her emotions without fear of being overheard .
the day was warm - the spring came eventually even to a bleak place like riva - and the small bit of lawn in the center of the garden was a lush green .
` ` i 'll be inside , ce'nedra , '' she said and went gracefully out of the garden .
one somber , rainy morning the princess sat in her chambers looking glumly out the window at the soggy garden .
` ` over there was a flower - filled garden where ladies in pale yellow dresses used to sit while young men sang to them from beyond the garden wall .
` ` over there was a flower - filled garden where ladies in pale yellow dresses used to sit while young men sang to them from beyond the garden wall .
the moon , fully overhead now , illuminated every detail as they rode slowly up a white - graveled , curving road that led to the house.the soldiers ordered them to dismount in the courtyard between the house and the garden on the west side of the house , and they were hustled inside and down a long hallway to a heavy , polished door .
it consisted not of one building , but rather was a complex of many , large and small , all built of marble and surrounded by gardens and lawns where cypress trees cast a pleasing shade .
lord morin smiled faintly and led them through the gate into the garden beyond .
grinneg and the others followed morin along a curving marble walk toward the center of the garden .
wolf looked around at the manicured garden with the servants and fountains and the members of the emperor 's personal guard posted unobtrusively here and there among the flowerbeds .
a bronze door at the back of the garden slammed open , and a tiny girl with flaming hair stormed through , her eyes ablaze .
two important - looking officials came into the garden and spoke briefly to lord morin .
five murgos strode into the garden .
` ` i would n't if i were you , '' wolf advised him , then turned and led the way out of the emperor 's garden .
` ` i ' m not completely positive , but i think she 's the princess ce'nedra -the one who came into the garden when we were at the palace . ''
the dryads were all clustered around mister wolf , looking almost like a garden of spring flowers - all , that is , except for the tawny one who 'd captured garion .
there are still some in the ground at the far end of the kitchen garden .
` ` the garden , as i recall , lies beyond the south wall , '' she pointed out .
` ` it might not be important , '' he said carefully , ` ` but this afternoon , when i was coming back from the garden , i saw brill following you , aunt pol . ''
the tapestries depicted knights in full armor and castles on hilltops and strangely angular - looking maidens moping about in gardens .
` ` like a gilded english rose garden . ''
the park was hardly more than a mechanized bench beneath a large tree with a neat garden of flowers planted around it .
a carriage accident in haymarket , a missing boy from bloomsbury , a fire on bond - street , a new sundries shop in st . james 's , announcements of betrothals and descriptions of balls and masquerades - including the imminent reopening of an entertainment garden called new vauxhall .
she 'd recently been walking in the garden and was obviously in need of a new pot of face powder .
as we took our seats , evaline began to rattle on about the weather and the imminent re - opening of new vauxhall gardens .
for tonight , we 're going to attend the opening of new vauxhall gardens . ''
a necessity to wander through the brand - new , most modern pleasure garden ever designed ?
the entire pleasure garden seemed to be a large maze with a variety of entertainment centers .
` ` he was paying well , and angus and i thought it would be an opportunity to see the inside of the new gardens and get paid at the nonce . ''
it seemed as if everyone in the upper crust of society - and below - was at new vauxhall gardens last night . ''
` ` was that one of your snakesmen at new vauxhall gardens , on the opening night ?
` ` there was a la societe meeting on the night of the grand opening of new vauxhall gardens .
plant a garden ? ''
it meant bodo had everything he needed to manage our garden .
a garden 's out of the question . ''
` ` what does having a garden have to do with staying anywhere ? ''
when you start a garden and nurture the seedlings into strong plants that will bear fruit and feed you ... you become attached .
no garden , no break .
but i was thinking about my dad , how he said you should n't plant a garden until you were in your final place .
it was a huge place , but something told me he 'd be in the spot we 'd talked about making into a garden .
` ` in our garden , of course .
bodo 's garden is planned .
i walked outside , headed to the garden area where i was pretty certain i 'd find my wayward boyfriend .
` ` checking da layout of da garden from what peter told me .
` ` i 'll come find you to talk about the garden in a minute . ''
and as soon as you bring me back its head , i 'll tell you about the ceremony and the amazons and the garden of eden and aaaall of that fun stuff ! ''
` ` let me guess ... this is your garden of eden . ''
longer term , i have seeds for a garden and bodo says he can put that together .
` ` i want to name da gardens after my mudder , '' said bodo .
` ` da birgitta ruster gardens . ''
bodo laid out the area we planned to use as a place for a mass grave , nowhere near the living facilities and future gardens , on the farthest edge of the property .
dat 's a garden where you grow da little childrens .
no one had bothered to grow gardens so they could support themselves , especially in the last six months of the time period when all the adults died .
my dad had shown me the basics of growing tomatoes and beans and stuff , but refused to put a garden in at our house .
` ` bodo , have you ever had a garden ? ''
there was no sign of dak , and no sign of the dogs , who 'd looked awfully hungry when they 'd chased him through the gardens .
` ` i also trust you 'll have an explanation as to why you appeared out of nowhere in the gardens behind our home . ''
and there 's not much around here that could hurt me besides some garden tools .
the godswood there was a garden , bright and airy , where tall redwoods spread dappled shadows across tinkling streams , birds sang from hidden nests , and the air was spicy with the scent of flowers .
the castle had been built over natural hot springs , and the scalding waters rushed through its walls and chambers like blood through a man 's body , driving the chill from the stone halls , filling the glass gardens with a moist warmth , keeping the earth from freezing .
after the hunt had ridden out , he wandered through the castle with his wolf at his side , intending to visit the ones who would be left behind , old nan and gage the cook , mikken in his smithy , hodor the stableboy who smiled so much and took care of his pony and never said anything but ` ` hodor , '' the man in the glass gardens who gave him a blackberry when he came to visit ...
bran could perch for hours among the shapeless , rain - worn gargoyles that brooded over the first keep , watching it all : the men drilling with wood and steel in the yard , the cooks tending their vegetables in the glass garden , restless dogs running back and forth in the kennels , the silence of the godswood , the girls gossiping beside the washing well .
we would walk in the gardens by the river and argue about the gods .
lysa 's apartments opened over a small garden , a circle of dirt and grass planted with blue flowers and ringed on all sides by tall white towers .
the eyrie 's plump septon escorted him to the statue in the center of the garden , a weeping woman carved in veined white marble , no doubt meant to be alyssa .
a moment later the two champions appeared from opposite sides of the garden .
the swords flew at each other , and their steel song filled the garden and rang off the white towers of the eyrie .
it was enough that she could walk in the yard , pick flowers in myrcella 's garden , and visit the sept to pray for her father .
he had settled shae in a sprawling stone - and - timber manse , with its own well and stable and garden ; he had given her servants to see to her wants , a white bird from the summer isles to keep her company , silks and silver and gemstones to adorn her , guards to protect her .
other searchers returned with tales of other fruit trees , hidden behind closed doors in secret gardens .
how pleasant it would be to wake every day in the same place , to linger among shady gardens , eat figs , and drink cool water , as much as she might desire .
she ate it slowly , savoring every mouthful , while ser jorah told her of the tree it had been plucked from , in a garden near the western wall .
women harvested fruit from the gardens of the dead .
tarber found a garden out back , and they pulled some onions and radishes and filled a sack with cabbages before they went on their way .
nearby , a small girl pulled carrots from a garden , naked in the rain , while two women tied a pig for slaughter .
she would have her own gardens , a marble bathing pool , a scrying tower and warlock 's maze .
she wondered whether aegon 's red keep had a pool like this , and fragrant gardens full of lavender and mint .
afterward , he eased his arm out from under her head , slipped on his tunic , and went down to the garden .
her steps took her to the sept , a seven - sided sandstone temple set amidst her mother 's gardens and filled with rainbow light .
some under casterly rock make this one seem a sunlit garden .
they left the marble palaces and fragrant gardens behind and made their way through a poorer part of the city where modest brick houses turned blind walls to the street .
ghost grass grows in the garden of gehane , phantom tortoises have been seen carrying messages between the windowless houses on warlock 's way , and all the rats in the city are chewing off their tails .
the green and yellow panes of the glass gardens were all in shards , the trees and fruits and flowers torn up or left exposed to die .
the glass gardens were smashed , and hot water gushed from the cracked walls to steam beneath the sun .
they escorted him not to the stone drum , as he 'd expected , but under the arch of the dragon 's tail and down to aegon 's garden .
aegon 's garden had a pleasant piney smell to it , and tall dark trees rose on every side .
chapter thirteen arya she was grubbing for vegetables in a dead man 's garden when she heard the singing .
the burned cottage and its overgrown garden stood hard beside the banks of the trident .
they 'd been so hungry , though , and the garden had been too much a temptation .
` ` and whatever you stole from old pate 's garden besides . ''
stables and other outbuildings surrounded it , and there was an arbor in back , and apple trees , a small garden .
she pictured the two of them sitting together in a garden with puppies in their laps , or listening to a singer strum upon a lute while they floated down the mander on a pleasure barge .
it is past time you kept your own garden . ''
cool green light filtered down through the diamond - shaped panes of colored glass set in the sloping triangular walls , and a breeze was blowing gently through the terrace doors , carrying the scents of fruit and flowers from the garden beyond .
back of a vegetable garden and empty sheepfold , a dozen black brothers were loosing arrows at a butt they 'd built of hay and straw .
` ` i spoke with him in aegon 's garden . ''
if i could show her winterfell ... give her a flower from the glass gardens , feast her in the great hall , and show her the stone kings on their thrones .
` ` your daughter takes her lessons with him , and plays with him every day in aegon 's garden . ''
others were swarming through the vegetable garden , across the flagstone yard , around the old dry well .
sometimes the smell of the morning bread from the ovens took him to the kitchens , and sometimes he would climb up to the roof garden or wander all alone down traitor 's walk .
chapter seventy - one daenerys dany broke her fast under the persimmon tree that grew in the terrace garden , watching her dragons chase each other about the apex of the great pyramid where the huge bronze harpy once stood .
from here she could see the whole city : the narrow twisty alleys and wide brick streets , the temples and granaries , hovels and palaces , brothels and baths , gardens and fountains , the great red circles of the fighting pits .
up here in her garden dany sometimes felt like a god , living atop the highest mountain in the world .
that morning she summoned her captains and commanders to the garden , rather than descending to the audience chamber .
already the snowfall lay thick upon the garden below , blanketing the grass , dusting the shrubs and statues with white and weighing down the branches of the trees .
it would be cold , she knew , though the eyrie 's towers encircled the garden and protected it from the worst of the mountain winds .
at the center of the garden , beside the statue of the weeping woman that lay broken and half - buried on the ground , she turned her face up to the sky and closed her eyes .
the garden had been meant for a godswood once , she knew , but the soil was too thin and stony for a weirwood to take root .
dawn stole into her garden like a thief .
water from the hot springs is piped through the walls to warm them , and inside the glass gardens it was always like the hottest day of summer . ''
he moved through the garden , gathering up twigs and sticks and shaking the snow from them .
his hands were deft and sure , and before long he had a crisscrossing latticework of twigs , very like the one that roofed the glass gardens of winterfell .
she raised the walls of the glass gardens while littlefinger roofed them over , and when they were done with that he helped her extend the walls and build the guardshall .
` ` you squeak like a mouse now , but you were bold enough in the garden , were n't you ?
two years ago , when they had left sunspear for the peace and isolation of the water gardens , prince doran 's gout had not been half so bad .
the captain chose twenty spears to accompany it , out of the thirty who were posted at the water gardens ; the rest would stay to guard the grounds and children , some of whom were the sons and daughters of great lords and wealthy merchants .
the road from sunspear to the water gardens ran beside the sea , so they had a cool fresh breeze to soothe them as they made their way across a sparse red - brown land of stone and sand and twisted stunted trees .
only three leagues of coast road pided sunspear from the water gardens , yet they were two different worlds .
in place of the pink marble of the water gardens , sunspear was built from mud and straw , and colored brown and dun .
the blacksmith had not seen her either , nor the septon in the village sept , the swineherd with his pigs , the girl pulling up onions from her garden , nor any of the other simple folk that the maid of tarth found amongst the daub - and - wattle huts of rosby .
she had dreamed of it the night before last , a magnificent white castle surrounded by woods and gardens , long leagues from the stinks and noise of king 's landing .
as soon as my duty allows , i mean to return to the water gardens .
` ` we are going to the water gardens . ''
you will be lonely in the gardens , i promise you .
or shall i send a new one to the water gardens ? ''
you do know that when my father returns to the water gardens he plans to take myrcella with him ? ''
` ` the water gardens are no prison , '' he protested feebly .
` ` he left you to rule in sunspear when he took himself off to his water gardens , did he not ? ''
oberyn would visit the water gardens twice a fortnight .
she would return him to his water gardens , to live out what years remained him surrounded by laughing children and the smell of limes and oranges .
needle was the summer snows , old nan 's stories , the heart tree with its red leaves and scary face , the warm earthy smell of the glass gardens , the sound of the north wind rattling the shutters of her room .
trees did not grow on braavos , save in the courts and gardens of the mighty .
when my father sent for me to court i wept and jaime raged , until my aunt sat me down in the stone garden and told me there was no one in king 's landing that i need ever fear .
hundreds were encamped upon the plaza , hundreds more in the gardens .
behind it was a vegetable garden where some older brothers were pulling weeds .
he could hardly be called elder , for a start ; whereas the brothers weeding in the garden had had the stooped shoulders and bent backs of old men , he stood straight and tall , and moved with the vigor of a man in the prime of his years .
they splashed in the pools and fountains of the water gardens , and rode into battle perched on one another 's naked backs .
` ` the prince sent her to the water gardens , '' hotah said .
perhaps arys went swimming at the water gardens , slipped upon the marble , hit his head , and drowned ? ''
` ` obara , nym , and tyene lack for nothing but their freedom , and ellaria and her daughters are happily ensconced at the water gardens .
a dozen villages did him homage in bread and salt and cider , offering him fruit from their orchards and vegetables from their gardens .
tyrion filled a cup , and a flagon for good measure , and carried them up to the gardens to drink beneath those cherry trees he 'd seen .
` ` king cleon would be wise to tend his own gardens and let the yunkai'i tend theirs . ''
the garlic is from my own gardens . ''
` ` dorne will bleed if your purpose is discovered , '' his father had warned him , as they watched the children frolic in the pools and fountains of the water gardens .
that was before prince doran had summoned him to the water gardens .
a few people still remained amidst the squalor , tending little gardens in amongst the weeds .
once i found him sleeping in our garden with a hundred butterflies crawling over him .
once a man has seen a dragon in flight , let him stay at home and tend his garden in content , someone had written once , for this wide world has no greater wonder .
there were gardens bright with flowers and fountains sparkling golden in the sun .
chapter twenty - three daenerys galazza galare arrived at the great pyramid attended by a dozen white graces , girls of noble birth who were still too young to have served their year in the temple 's pleasure gardens .
castle black needs its own glass gardens , like the ones at winterfell .
when we reach the water gardens , we can tell myrcella .
` ` and to visit your water gardens .
the water gardens are my favorite place in this world , ser .
` ` procrastinate , obscure , prevaricate , dissemble , and delay all you like , uncle , ser balon must still come face - to - face with myrcella at the water gardens , and when he does he 's like to see she 's short an ear .
instead i mean to take you with us to the water gardens .
we will travel to the water gardens , where he will hear myrcella 's story and send a raven to his queen .
we leave for the water gardens at first light . ''
it was a weirwood ancient and colossal , ten times the size of the one in the stone garden at casterly rock .
the nanny goat that hot harry merrell found rooting through a vegetable garden was the only living creature to be seen ... but the village had a holdfast as strong as any in the riverlands , with thick stone walls twelve feet high , and jaime knew that was where he ' d find the villagers .
wine cups in hand , the yunkai'i wandered the garden in small groups , beneath lemon trees and night - blooming flowers , and dany found herself face - to - face with brown ben plumm .
he built the water gardens for her . ''
` ` the water gardens ? ''
` ` ser barristan , will you see me safely back to my garden ? ''
it would be sweet to see the greenblood again , to visit sunspear and the water gardens and breathe the clean sweet mountain air of yronwood in place of the hot , wet , filthy humors of slaver 's bay .
in the gardens of gelenei stood a gilded tree a hundred feet high with leaves of hammered silver .
ser barristan stepped out alone onto the terrace gardens .
there are little snuggeries in the pleasure gardens , and they wait there every night until a man chooses them .
his station commanded that he follow at a respectful distance behind her as they traversed through the palace corridors and emerged onto the stone portico that divided the palace from the gardens and lakeshore .
the expanse of perfect lawn split the gardens from apollo 's fountain to latona 's , flanked by gravel paths and marble statues of gods and heroes .
she acknowledged the gardeners , thinking , of course they must work at night ; his majesty should see his gardens only in a state of perfection .
4 marie - josephe walked through the silent dawn gardens of versailles .
the notes painted a background of distant deserts and gardens , dangerous adventures , exotic scents and songs .
he pointed into the garden .
his holiness stood between the parterres d'eau , gazing along the length of the garden toward the peak of the sea monster 's tent .
10 the sea monster 's eerie plaintive song filled the moonlit gardens .
before her the tent glowed faintly ; across the garden , near the fountain of neptune , torches flickered as gardeners set out potted flowers in great drifts , keeping the gardens beautiful for his majesty .
you should n't go into the gardens alone at night .
people filled the gardens , flowing down the green carpet and pooling around the fountain of apollo and the sea monster 's tent .
the musketeer clattered away to face the visitors , ready to bully or cajole them : the peace of the king 's gardens must not erupt into riot .
exposed , they resembled the male organs of the marble statues lounging in the gardens of versailles .
her ears swiveled back toward marie - josephe ; the mare only waited for a single word , a single touch , and she would spring free into a gallop and fly out of the garden and into the woods .
it could not be proper to gallop through the king 's gardens .
outside , a low bank of fog glowed in the darkness , filling the gardens so the marble statues walked on clouds and the sea monster 's tent floated like an island .
though zachi stood stock - still as marie - josephe slid into the saddle , the mare collected herself , ready with her whole being to fly through the gardens and across the forest .
the tent loomed at the bottom of the garden , the white silk glowing eerily .
the creak of the gears of the orange - tree carts pierced the soft murmuring quiet of the gardens of versailles .
at the bottom of the garden , a line of visitors snaked onto the green carpet , filing into the tent , crowding around the fountain of apollo , applauding the sea woman .
` ` next time i have to follow the king around the garden in the sun without a hat , i 'll use my oldest instrument . ''
` ` they know it 's a sin , a plague upon the human race , a curse for women , a trial for men , to remind us of eve 's sin in the garden of eden . ''
he strode past the obelisk , up the hill , into the star garden .
he stood between a pair of sculpted musicians , gazing down the length of the garden , past the fountains , past sherzad 's prison , to the forest .
the view was neither spectacular nor severe , but it was beautiful : crowded garden paths bordered with candles that flickered behind oiled paper , the grand canal leading away from sherzad 's glowing tent , geometric perfection arrayed against the green expanse of the distant forest .
` ` then he is allah , and he brought me into his garden to mock my disbelief .
lucien followed the king through the gardens and down the slope toward the fountain of apollo .
` ` two serpents , to remind us of the garden , the fruit of knowledge , and our sins . ''
she must creep unseen to the west side of the chateau and into the garden , where she could bribe away or steal one of the gardeners ' mule - carts .
at the bottom of the garden , sherzad sang of loneliness and of despair .
the musketeers escorted her to the top of the garden and into the chateau .
17 he heaves a garden gnome as hard as he can at the front window of the house next door .
he tries the house across the street , for no particular reason taking the same garden gnome with him to smash through the front window .
maybe one or more of them has a vegetable garden - he stops in his tracks .
a whole huge field of private little gardens , tucked away behind a ... what was it ?
the neighborhood starts to resolve itself into house fronts and gardens , the mud now swirled in rivers and deltas on the sidewalk and street .
33 ` ` not actual death , '' regine says as they hide the bikes in an overgrown garden two streets up from his house .
he can hear regine and tomasz as they battle with the door to the back garden , but there 's only high fences and deep grass out there .
he walks through thick grass again , though it is n't as tall as in his own back garden .
the houses are stand - alones , not in blocks like his , the gardens more spacious , the streets a bit wider .
not at the front door , but on the kitchen window at the back , in the garden that led nowhere except to fence after fence .
it punches her , hard , in the face , sending her back over the low stone wall of an adjacent front garden .
doctor snow 's got a well - kept front garden on the path to the settlement .
` ` people had 'em living in their back gardens , '' davy says , watching me shovel as the morning turns to afternoon , eating what 's sposed to be lunch for both of us .
i make my way downriver , avoiding patrols , cutting across back gardens , running behind back fences , staying as far clear of houses and housing blocks as i can .
my one in particular and i were kept in a garden shed , and when the shed door was opened that night , my one in particular fought .
a second soldier lies in the garden , being worked on by a doctor , but he ai n't got one of his legs no more and there 's no way he 's long for this world .
god had placed him in a garden of infinite bounty , a land of goshen in which any man could prosper if only he had the courage and the fortitude to try .
it was his favorite holiday retreat , with a moderate size estate , and gardens of rare orchids and cherry orchards .
he s got it turned up way loud , as his mum and dad are out and the nearest houses are either side of their large garden .
i looked around and saw a garden hose laying next to the building .
well i m gon na go work in the garden .
mccamy results , grinning with a wicked smile , dropping the garden hose pipe while extending his arms around her petite body .
this here is competition for apprenticeship , not some old timey garden party .
the west wall misses the set of cherry wooden wall panels , exposing a teens eyeballs , nose holes , and eardrums to the buildings roof tiles , bright warm sunshine , broken white concrete mortars , red clay bricks , an overgrowth of greenery wildflowers , sweet smelling vines of wild fruit plants and colorful garden flowers and sounds of insects and small rodents .
you can stomp any garden and forest plants to your destination .
taffy back steps from the rose garden twirling her body to the left around the thorns then dumps her boots into an open clearing as she jerks and jukes around the sky high southern pine trees , scouting for her team then eye burns the waving flag pole known as rusk , and dashes into his open biceps .
she cautiously strolls to the beauty , rotating her neck muscles for the other mean teens , guessing this is a good trap for an ambush while she eye burns the lovely rose garden planted in the middle of a forest , assuming this to be a very strange phenomena .
folks plant rose flowers under windows , at doors , and around dirt spots of their home to defend against pesky wandering critters like opossums and rabbits invading the fresh grown garden vegetables plants and fruit trees .
he recognizes the brown - haired and tall girl then crinkles his forehead , ugly noting pemona is chopping down the entire rose garden for some odd reason then chuckles while shrugging his shoulders once and decides to let her be .
baycliff neck snaps his skull to the flower garden , jabbing a dirty finger nail at the disorganized batches of pretty roses , shuffles his cowboy boots in a half - circle , moving closer to the rose garden as mccamy follows , hypostasizing .
baycliff neck snaps his skull to the flower garden , jabbing a dirty finger nail at the disorganized batches of pretty roses , shuffles his cowboy boots in a half - circle , moving closer to the rose garden as mccamy follows , hypostasizing .
i gots to shoot lots of wounded stray animals for fun , patched up the homestead , rounded up healthy stray animals then feed them and housed them while i tended fields and gardens .
i fixed mama a nice flower garden for her birthday surprise , not much money but likes of freedom and lots of hours between chores .
flower garden .
taffy swirls her body into the iron chair off the back porch near the flower and vegetable garden , rotating her neck muscles around the lovely landscaped grounds of fowler farms .
that means that we all have to fight to get them out of there.or wolf - man , fowler echoes inside the archway of the living room , moving into the flower garden as wolf swiftly stands and eye burns taffy then swings his body towards the archway , meeting with fowler as fowler greets .
mama needs you here to watch over the horses , the gardens and the place along with daddy .
she canned fruits making her special butter apple jelly and lots of vegetables from the gardens .
amita viciously storms forward and plants her upright bare shoulders between the two teens , hissing like a garden snake and staring studiously at taffy as taffy grins with a another tiny victory .
the presence of alive gardens in pink , red , purple , blue , and yellow colors of both flowers and vines with a set of nice aesthetic smells of living plants and small animals , such as doves , pigeons , squirrels , and rabbits .
the new castle is squared - shaped of three stories high with a flat roof and a nicely built three feet stone wall edging the perimeter of courtyard and gardens in chartreuse ( that s greenish - yellow color ) .
i can not sense her presence in house , gardens , or barn .
i view the brown bricked patio along the dying gardens of the outdoor courtyard .
i admit that she is nt trained to dodge , leap , and jump over the shortest row of pretty purple picnic flowers in the royal garden .
the pretty red waves have beautifully destroyed the flora garden of roses , tulips , daisies , tall green fern plants , shaded overgrown old trees , and funny animal shaped bushes .
ira has planted , transplanted , and grown his own garden of young saplings , loyal boys and girls seeding them into each military branch , station , post , and castle of rexs new formed military .
bartholomew drags me out the back door over the bricked patio , by the swimming pool , though the rose garden , down the miles of stone wall and into the green - painted wooden barn with many vertical red stalls as faces of horses and ponies peer outside for the newest visitors .
i walk the beautiful colorful nice smelly gardens , consisting of rainbow flowers , manicured grass , short plants , and tall trees along with fresh cut green hay that makes me homesick for my own plantation on earth .
i piloted it off bio , through the wall , and into the garden courtyard of the abandoned casino .
ira says as i sit comfortably in front of his working desk in the great big large office with a view of the restored pretty flower garden and big yellow sunshine .
the rooms are 50 windows across which holds a private landing pad for convenience , fastness , and easy entry and access for the good or bad guest as i giggle with a girly twang while my eyeballs view the beautiful scenery of flower gardens around the castle all compliments of ranns brilliant creation as zbot hovers the zipper and deftly lands onto the pad as i step into my glorious new home for a few days tossing my bag onto the floor , plopping onto the comfy soft single bed .
ranns castle crawls nosily over the gates and the grounds like insects with all type of royal honor guards , militia police officers , and sahara prison guards since ira has panicked and the rest of the citizens that are nt iras folks nosily mumble , mutter , moan , groan , grunt , and gallop over the fine royal floral gardens .
i feel kinda funny but smell acutely the sweet perfumed and flowered gardens on the bricked patio as warm bodies rush around me and their screaming voices bombard my eardrums while the breezy wind hits my sweaty freckles .
we slowly step out into the into bright pretty yellow sunshine which i will miss and sniff the sweet perfumed flowers gardens which i will miss more and the nice manicured lawn grass towards his personal slick sleek state - of - the - art zipper .
he winks his eyelid , right and pulls me into the pretty room as i see and smile beautifully at the pink paint on the queen - sized bed with the pink matching wooden chest , a round table , two side chairs , and a colorful covered flower garden brick patio and a private lavatory .
then , the white lid drops to the floor as the hidden item is a bouquet of strong powerful fragranced wild roses that colors in purple and orange flowers freshly plucked from the rose gardens outside the royal castle .
i added an herb from my garden .
my tele - ears hear the loud pop of the metal top from the bottle since the product of fiss is part carbonated water , lots of sweet cane sugar , nice fruit flavoring , and a secret herb from dirks home grown royal garden .
i had a garden growing up .
so , guardian - angels are made of fluff and puff for good energy that flows throughyou kinda like a garden hose pipe propelling them around the cosmic .
nia appears starkly inside the archway covered in orange sweet potatoes , green and red parts of the garden salad along with yellow banana pudding that splatters from her hair roots to toe nails looking like a very bad piece of art done by a two - year toddler .
all over the world , not from garden preparatory .
tina has drowned in fun tonight for the first time in many , many moons since day after day tina arrives from her boring school to her lonely house for many , many suns after miss bertha had found tina stealing bits of used food from the set of garbage cans behind miss berthas flower garden .
drake.daniel is a fallen - angel meaning he has fallen from the battle in the garden of eden who sided with satan.forever .
and the bad ones kicked out of the garden of eden during the great battle eons ago .
the east wall holds a set of sunlight windows while the west wall shows the patio garden and a private swimming pool below the undivided window of glass .
tonight was aunt theresa 's monthly garden club meeting , which meant it was my night to make dinnerunless i could get uncle louie to call out for pizza .
i went out into the garden with a plastic grocery bag and , without being asked , started carefully gathering up the clippings and bagging them , a task she occasionally delegated to me .
peasants worked in their own gardens , and many of them stopped what they were doing to stare as we walked by .
i get a quick glance of the garden and my jaw drops .
i stare down into the garden , and see all the walkers that were in the house heading out of the garden towards the girl , completely forgetting about us .
i stare down into the garden , and see all the walkers that were in the house heading out of the garden towards the girl , completely forgetting about us .
along with lots of homemade weapons featuring from a kitchen knives stuck onto the end of a sweeping brush handle , to a hockey stick and a set of garden shears .
if mum could see her garden now .
i wonder why they have nt barricaded the back windows , although the back garden is completely sealed in , walkers could still find their way in somehow .
without hesitation , maria dives through the completely shattered window and leaps into the garden , smashing the golf club hard straight into a walkers face .
unlike the house itself , the garage seems untouched , everything is stacked in neat , organised bundles around the walls , garden tools , christmas and halloween decorations , two very old looking bicycles , two dustbins and some general junk that would only belong in a garage .
he was mad into the gardening but when he died , the garden began to get overgrown , which is where i think the witch rumours must have started .
we begin to scavenge through the piles of stacked garden equipment and other stuff and after a few minutes of silence , greg finds something .
before i slam it shut , i see a couple of walkers moving along the pathway of the garden and towards the door .
yeah but all of these houses have sealed gardens , we d only be trapping ourselves .
he grins crazily at me and then fires the table at the large glass window of the room , leading out into the garden .
greg wastes no time , he leaps forwards through the window now bare of glass and jumps into the garden , screaming loudly .
further up the road , a few cats play about playfully wrestling with each other in a garden outside the old womans house i used to be petrified of as a child as i believed she was a witch .
when we finally reach the entrance to the estate , there are a group of about twenty walker pursuers making their way along after us , coming out of houses or gardens , joining the horde of death in hungry pursuit .
my grandma grows em in her garden , he said .
do you have a garden ?
like a real vemreaux garden with flowers , or is it just a food garden like in the way ?
like a real vemreaux garden with flowers , or is it just a food garden like in the way ?
after i call lawrence , i put the lowlife bodies in a black trash bag , drag them out back and put them in the garden box marked compost .
they passed near the enchanted garden , and when electra told him her family had restored the garden , eric hurried inside .
eric would just sit in the garden and stay there for the whole day , so beautiful was the place , but he had missed his friends and longed to see them , too .
the birds in our garden were dead .
she sat with him on a swinging couch in the garden , among the white lilies and purple lavenders , and listened to erics story about the constant premonitions that he had been having recently .
eric looked at her , thinking how beautiful she was : a flower among the flowersgentle , soft , caring ; fairer than all the garden roses around .
fruit trees , carrots , potatoes , and radishes grew in the gardens and orchards in front of the houses .
standing on the top of the green hill , they saw the same small village on a broad strath with blue - roofed houses , orchards , and gardens .
hoping that hector was sending him somewhere with air , he hastily swam through the french window , entering a beautiful underwater garden with flowers he had never seen before and iridescent corals with long tentacles in the most amazing forms and colors .
while he was passing through the coral garden , a shoal of flame angel fish swam under his feet , then whirled around him with their small orange bodies , hastily moving their fins .
one of the wooden bridges is burning , and so are the gardens , haylofts , the toy store , the wood turner 's workplace , the mckennits candy shop candy shop ?
the multiple small lanterns , some hanging down the branches of the trees , some inside the lush , colorful bushes , were already burning and illuminating the luxurious garden .
stay best of friendsworks for me and that ol salty dog over there , she said still holding me in her hand and pointing to a jolly looking fellow in a blue checker shirt and straw hat showing a young man a rusty garden tool .
37 chapter six mona lisa had a secret , there she kept it very well 44 chapter seven garden of eden 49 chapter eight kiss me deadly 53 chapter nine dueling aces 58 chapter ten among the greats 60 chapter eleven curbed by hounds 62 chapter twelve can someone say awkward ?
she sure enough was waving largely from under a colorful stained glass representation of athena standing next to eve in the garden of eden .
the fall of man depicting adam and eve in the garden shows not only the balance needed among earth dwellers , but a side depiction of the god of the underworld and his choosing to enter earth for some ultimate goal that gains him a favor of sorts .
chapter seven garden of eden by the time saturday dueling came around , i d learned that only level tens were allowed to duel openly and all could watch .
at lunch , where i recently started joining my own classmates , jason offered to tutor me in class if i was having a hard time understanding the material , and insisted that he demonstrate the garden of eden scene first hand .
spectacle cleaner , emergency herb garden ah !
the back wall , the one the audience will see behind us , is a large pane glass window showcasing a botanical garden lit by the bright winter sun .
in different areas of the open space , there were raised garden beds with matching pale park bench - tops , which framed the healthiest plants they had ever seen .
once out the door , jayden recognised the garden as the same one that he had seen first thing that morning .
jayden saw a couple of glasshouses and some vegetable garden beds next to them .
they headed off outside again , this time with the rest of the class , out to the left and over to the green house area with the extra outdoor garden beds .
first we are going to plant a good crop of corn in these outdoor garden beds .
so half of you take your garden forks out of the shed just there and ill grab the corn kernels we are going to plant .
then they all headed over to a huge outdoor garden bed closest to the glasshouse .
start at the end of the garden and do nt go putting forks through any irrigation pipes ; we need them working .
all was going well and the corn was being planted at a quick pace for such a large garden , while the students talked quietly among themselves .
they entered the lobby and started towards the common room when they saw david sitting on one of the seats around the garden , with his legs crossed tightly and a pained expression on his face .
entering the now empty common room because everyone else had gone to class , they saw david stand up on the seat around the garden and at the same time unzip his pants .
to their horror , he started peeing into the garden with a long stream of urine visible from where they were .
i am definitely not going to be sitting near that garden for a while , stated eva and turned up her nose in disgust .
she let her sneakers sink in the muddy , unkempt garden while she lifted her head , just high enough that her eyes could see through the blinds .
the russian opened a sealed container and poured a clear liquid into a garden sprayer .
chapter 74 one of the seals came out of the barn with a container and a garden sprayer .
its an old can of ddt and a garden sprayer .
i pass one farmhouse where there are no cars in the driveway , and i snatch some tomatoes from the garden in their yard to eat like apples as i walk .
ill grow a garden and trap my own food .
it 's got an entrance to the back garden , which exits out to the street behind the house .
the front room is already occupied , so i decide to take my tea out in the back garden .
i take a sip of my tea , letting the stillness of the garden wash over me .
the walls of the garden help block out the noise of city life .
its meow seems to echo off of the brick walls to bounce like a children 's ball around the garden .
i wander the garden , dazed .
i smudge the front steps and door before going through the house and into the back garden .
` ` get out to the garden and take whoever is out there .
` ` the buildings around here will block the view from the garden for a little while .
i ' m in another garden .
i do a circuit of the garden , then wave them through when i find nothing but trash and overgrown vegetation .
` ` i met up with all of these guys in the garden . ''
i make for the back door and step out into the fresh night air of the garden .
chapter thirty i walk into covent gardens already unnerved by all the people .
the front garden was completely overgrown , the grasses reaching a height more usually encountered on the african veldt .
it would just be a bonfire , lit in the garden of one of mums neighbours and now just a little bit out of control .
the doctor and jared were outside now , tending to the chickens and his garden .
my garden of berry lilies has bloomed .
lets just finish our breakfast and then well take a walk in the garden before your departure .
its best you stay to your garden .
after the dinner we separated , kiowa off to her garden trapped in her thoughts and dyos and i here under the scrutiny of guards .
i exited the back doors of the palace and made my way down the hill to the garden .
the king is having a meeting with the courant in his office while the queen is in her garden having breakfast .
today , i watched her set loose a giant on an entire family of dryads just because she did not like the sight of their flower garden outside their home .
i took her hand as she led me further away from the guards and deeper into the garden .
we came to a spot in the middle of the garden where she often liked to come and read .
kiowa and i decided to call it a day in the garden and headed back towards the palace .
prepare her a healthy breakfast and grab some flowers from the garden .
she missed her garden and being able to visit the library .
all the animals of the world wondered through the garden without fighting one another and no matter which one it was you could stroll right up to it and pet it without fear .
it was paradise and life was utterly prefect , well i was very young and one day my siblings and i went playing in a puddle in the garden , my mother had told us to not get dirty but being children we of course disregarded what she said .
the huldra were the children of adam and eve cast from the garden of eden .
the water is flowing up the side of several buildings in the center of the city and then coming down in a constant rain on a beautiful garden with streams weaving their way through the city .
acres and acres of land , speckled with houses and gardens .
with abandon , he built his concubines a garden to sweeten their ardor , and he set his sights on heaven itself .
inside the entrance , they found dwarves and a few elves sitting in an atrium with a shallow fountain in the middle of a sunken lounge bordered by a garden of petunias and marigolds .
where gardens had bloomed between the facades and the sidewalk , rocks and weeds grew .
mr . johnson is an old man with a large garden and lives by himself .
remember the gardens of avalon ?
you also gained something else in those gardens , she said stepping away .
deravon was a snake in a garden .
lyssas dad nurtured plants and seeds and bulbs at his garden shop called the garden junkie .
lyssas dad nurtured plants and seeds and bulbs at his garden shop called the garden junkie .
three garden magazines and one of them are designing gardens for snooty , rich people , lyssa said teasingly as she came in the door to find her dad smearing something red all over the kitchen wall .
toby led lyssa to a gazebo surrounded by a small garden that the greenhouse methods class built a couple of years ago and was the perfect place to hide from megan .
the clean silver buildings of offices , theaters and museums surrounded by neat fenced gardens with tall trees gave way to a darker side of town where eli would have a better chance at going undetected .
lyssa watched him walk in front of her down a garden path that led to a fire pit area .
the smell of it was an earthy , like the soil freshly tilled in her dads garden .
a womans voice said before it flipped back to one of her own memories of her father tending to the garden right before a rainstorm .
just like a weed in her dads garden that had deep roots with many tendrils wrapped around every particle of dirt and rock it could latch on to .
do you remember the gardens of avalon ... that night we hid in them ?
i gave you something in those gardens you never knew about , zoey said drawing closer to him .
wes crouched behind the thick , thorny underbrush and gazed at the large block stone building with tall trees , fountains and sculpted gardens all around it .
eli surrounded again by the sweet flowers of the gardens of avalon .
cars were lined up around the half circle driveway that surrounded a flower garden .
he only ran as far as the edge of the garden , but i knew he could ve taken me anywhere .
gabe took me to alices garden and sat me on a bench nestled among rose bushes .
please follow me the rest of your company is waiting in the water gardens .
in the center , and sitting on the largest of the circle islands in the water garden , i could see claire , ian and david with two of the covered men standing behind them .
some were working in what i would call the gardens under the palm trees , while others passed by us on the wide staircase leading upward .
she pointed towards another garden with a stone path that faded around the corner of the castle .
weuh , we had a talk , i said glancing between the garden wanting to follow and claire .
i went around the corner to another beautiful garden searching for gabe .
jasper said we could stay in the guest building in the gardens , she said motioning towards the tall palm trees .
they left leaving just claire and i. i guided her through the gardens past some of the mers that were tending to it to a private area encircled by vining yellow flowers that sweetened the air surrounding us .
its pretty , and i think the only one blooming in alices garden like that .
i followed gabe with his hand in mine through the garden to a hidden point overlooking port blue and the sanudra ocean .
i reached the garden and stopped to catch my breath .
yeah , they re right behind you , he said pointing to the several amber glowing solar lights that alice seemed to have an addiction to since her garden looked like a runway for planes .
lote was there and she wanted me to work out in the garden this morning .
i was mesmerized by several hummingbirds flitting around the garden dancing from one flower to the next .
would you like to take a walk in the garden ?
it opened up to a spiral staircase , which led us right into the garden .
in the daylight , angus saw there were roughly twenty houses , with neatly picketed gardens that stretched toward the sea , two general stores , a post office , two hotels and at least one restaurant .
in the front stood a rose garden and a tidy clipped lawn he had nt seen the night before .
some of them tended wild sea gardens , which sprouted from pools in the golden floor .
other dwarves tended gardens with hoes .
i hang out with my cousins , work in my grandma 's garden , take daisy , the horse , for a ride , and shuck corn until i never want to see another ear on wednesday , we call southern and schedule an appointment for friday .
there is nt a garden to pick , but there is still work to do , not to mention that deer season is around the corner .
no , its not the garden i dream of but i ve never been able to get anything to grow .
i took the chance i had while waiting for tony to reach inside myself and the earth and bring sidneys garden to life .
she relaxes by the usual corner where she gets a clear view of her japanese garden .
decorated with cream voile , sculptured garden statues , and congratulatory ornaments , the outside flourishes with glamour .
emily turns to follow my gaze , looking past the wide doors to the garden where clive is laughing with his best friend jay .
do you like what i did with the garden ?
sweet , soft and placid music breezes through the garden .
she still comes , either in the morning for a walk in the garden , or late afternoon to keep me company on the balcony .
located in the countryside , toward the border of the resort city of hurricane , hurricane auction house stands on the hilly lands of a country club , surrounded by manicured grounds , has a green forest of pine trees , and a glorious botanical garden .
i cry , watching the birds flying outside above a breathtaking garden .
the garden has thick hedges , and a long parallel line of dwarf conifers set amongst colorful foliage of flowers .
i flinch as they drag me outside , to the garden .
* * * drops of rain begin to fall as zachary and i take a stroll down the garden path an hour later .
when we reach the end of the garden path , we are already soaked .
maybe we should go outside , in the garden ?
zachary walks behind mother in the garden .
she s taking them on a tour of her japanese garden .
a touch of blush on my cheeks and i close my bedroom door , heading to the garden .
the mansion is well - lit by not only rich indoor lights , but also copious illuminating garden lamps popping from mature trees and emerald lawns .
in silence , i stand by his side , and through the floating voile curtains , i vaguely marvel at the tropical garden .
lets go after him , sean , i whisper as he leads me to a bench in the courtyard garden .
someone laughs ; the sound comes from the garden .
come , lets take a walk in the garden , and ill tell you all you need to know .
mother is no longer sitting outside as we walk past the porch to the garden .
the map points out locations like a garden , livestock , a chemistry laboratory , and nurse / doctor stations .
the garden and livestock areas take up an entire floor .
from what i can see , there is a garden tub and a double vanity in there .
looking around i realize i landed in a row of spinach in the garden level of the shelter .
you know how hard it is , having to sneak into peoples back yards to take showers with garden hoses ?
i kicked hard to propel myself forward , gliding over a beautiful coral garden .
her evil sister had her killed to get the throne but she got her back , she told iden where she lived and what time alexandria would be in the garden alone to pray .
i m a farmer and this whole garden is mine to take care of .
tuesday after school , i saw my sister and a couple of other girls cornering chastity near the school garden .
i made it out onto the sidewalk next to the main car park on campus , where some heated commotion going on at the other end of the quadrangle grabbed my attentiona large group of students was gathering by the school garden .
the outdoor garden was decorated with statues , flowering bushes , and uniquely trimmed greenery , which appeared to lead to a maze .
she glanced down at the gardens she had walked through with levi earlier , and noticed the many different blooms on the bushes and trees were not their normal vibrant colors anymore .
they went through the atrium levi had showed reece earlier , and out the doors and down the steps to the palace gardens .
reece , you may walk the gardens if you wish .
she was still in the palace gardens , though ; and she was pretty sure she could find her way back .
since i am here now , allow me to escort you to another section of the gardens .
she forced herself to concentrate on the aromas of the indoor garden while arranging the vases ; but it was difficult .
levi guided the horse out of the gardens at the back of the palace , and onto a trail that led them into the forest that surrounded the palace .
the view from the windows displayed an enclosed garden area , complete with a white stone fountain , and pebbled walkways .
the vegetables and fruits they serve here are all grown in those gardens .
it has always astonished me , how the anders are able to sculpt their vegetable gardens and orchards so magnificently .
along with their soups came a variety of fruit and vegetable salads , grown from the garden outside their window .
as reece and elizabeth were laughing and giggling together recalling the days events ; simone , catherine , and lillian finished their descent from the palace steps into the garden .
james and the others looked reluctant to let me out of their sight , but i waved them away and told them that i 'd meet them in the garden once kaleb was done with me .
` ` i ' m not going to be able to meet up with the three of you in the garden like i 'd originally planned . ''
you are not to clean my rose garden .
its a garden , mr . ii explained patiently , its meant to be dirty .
mr . ii looked up from his garden .
it looks like we are in cedar towns main garden !
we would sit in the garden on warm nights and just talk , and she would listen to what i said .
i doubt the cops are on the scene to arrest us for running through the botanical weed garden .
the buried treasure in your backyard garden of weeden , richie said in an overtly mocking and confrontational tone .
some of the homeowners , like mrs . mazzilli , maintain flower and vegetable gardens beyond the concrete , including a couple of impressive ones with herbs , fig trees , and vines loaded with berries , grapes , and string beans .
before stepping into my front hallway , i could see him dejectedly trudging along in the distance and passing by the tibbett avenue parking lot entrances of a building called corlear gardens .
* ~*~ * i could sneak him out through the gardens .
we were short handed though , so i had to work my shift outside , as a garden center cashier , which i did nt really mind since there were usually less people out there .
the worst thing about working as a cashier out in the garden center was that customers automatically assumed you had knowledge about the plants and whatnot .
they walked into the greenhouse , carrying with them the mindset , that if you were working in the garden center , that you loved plants as much as they did .
a short while later , the register phone for the garden center rang , and when i picked it up , i realized it was my manager .
i spent some of the most boring parts of the shift , texting jolene and tony the muffin top count for the day for the garden center , the number of women who believed that on hot days they could pull off the combination of skin tight jeans with shirts that were nt quite long enough .
the same guy , whose idea of a good time on a saturday afternoon was to ride his moped to the zoo to visit the butterfly garden exhibit .
song of songs 8 ; 7 surprisingly modern , and enclosed within its own small yet well - appointed garden , the house could have been lifted from a french towns suburb then deliberately set down where it had wonderful views of the pink - walled old city .
we can even eat outside if you prefer ; we have a very small garden , with a shading olive tree our very own garden of gethsemane .
we can even eat outside if you prefer ; we have a very small garden , with a shading olive tree our very own garden of gethsemane .
azar declared happily as he pointed out the simple wooden chairs he had brought out into the small garden towards the houses rear .
she sailed out into the silvery air , briefly feeling weightless before , gravity taking its hold , she began to fall towards the garden a floor below .
she curled her body around a corner , prepared to power herself forward once more with a push of her hind legs ; but it was a dead end , a small garden .
* chapter 18 awake , o north wind ; and come , thou south ; blow upon my garden , that the spices thereof may flow out .
let my beloved come into his garden , and eat his pleasant fruits .
she was in a garden .
azars garden .
* chapter 19 thou that dwellest in the gardens , the companions hearken to thy voice : cause me to hear it .
but when martha found you both asleep in our garden , you did nt have any clothes .
with a nod of his head , he indicated the collapsed wall at the end of the garden .
lil was still scornful of azars attempt at an explanation for their bewildering appearance in the garden .
so would love really force me to leave a comfortable bed just to end up lying out naked in a garden with a man i hardly know ?
martha and azar , having made harry as comfortable as they could , moved away from the bed , azar saying that he would go out to work in the garden , martha that she would begin to prepare something to eat .
go out into the garden .
mark 10 ; 46 when she stepped out into the garden , lil had expected to find azar tending the plants , or perhaps making an attempt at repairing the wall .
but no ; when he had said he was going out to work in the garden , he had obviously meant he would continue his studying of the bible .
in fact , he later sends his sister , his mother and mary salome to beseech jesus once again ; only for jesus to ignore them , because their beseeching would mean nothing to him until the young man willingly gave up his riches and azars voice was drowned out by a mix of angry and frightened cries coming from farther up the street lying beyond the end of the garden .
a large garden separated the castle from the horse pasture .
crouching low , rema made her way alongside the bushes in the garden .
since that day in the rose garden , rema and darmik had nt had the opportunity to be alone .
sunny yellow streets contained businesses , homes , and gardens swathed in yellow .
overwhelmed , my eyes tore through the sumptuous garden , searching for an answer .
but you are in my home , in my garden , my most favorite place in all the world .
i shouted , surprised that i stepped out into the garden .
a ruby red fruit grew in abundance in this section of the garden .
irritated , i asked , why does everything in the garden smell like blood ?
what does the garden smell like to you ?
i enjoy viewing an invisible breeze gently blowing the green leaves around the tall brown trees and see many colored birds soaring in a clear blue sky , and pretend to feel a bright yellow sun warming the pretty pastel flowers and green plants inside the royal gardens .
puddles of dirty water , like a plantation creek feeding the cows , and many broken garden plants , like an ugly flower show , glisten beautifully across a dirty floor .
neighbour said the dog had been rolling around in his garden like that s a major crime , yeah ?
i turned up asking if i could do i few odd jobs around the garden you know , helping make it look more mexican .
she points me through to the garden at the rear .
either that or she d ve been outside in the garden with me .
eyes as glazed as the jerk with the torn - up garden .
like she comes and tells everything to the boy who picks up litter in her garden , right ?
you re the kid helps out in the garden , right ?
working in the garden , putting out the trash , cleaning out the garage ; i did nt care what i was doing as long as i was doing it behind those walls .
governor connally and senator yarborough , he says , like i should know them , have regular jaw jaws over the garden gate with them .
the wording on the bottle was in french , and smelled wonderful , like they shoved the whole rose garden into a tiny bottle .
we were married in a simple ceremony in the gardens , doc performed the vows for us .
gretels face flushed in embarrassment at her brothers frank question , but the woman kindly answered , i maintain a garden in the back yard .
a large raised garden split the road in two .
a veranda stepped down to a pebble path that led straight into the opening of the garden .
entering the garden was like stepping into your own private utopia .
when you stepped out of the garden at the north end , you were looking over a delightful pond resting at the bottom of a small hill .
ephraim knowlton was standing at the entrance to the garden .
how does my ladys garden grow ?
bess and i took a stroll in the small garden behind the house .
it was bare , since the flowers had all been killed by the numerous frosts , but neither of us was there for the splendor of the garden .
the window i had entered through was one in a wall of windows that overlooked a garden .
three short steps led her down into the fragrantly verdant herb garden , spread out in decorative grids behind the main keep .
i will see you at lunch , then , she added over her shoulder before heading out to the herb garden .
instead , she talked generally about how her gardens were doing , discussing fall harvesting plans with her parents .
sure that she had everything she needed , sarah allowed herself the time to catch up with her weeding and garden tending for an hour .
a high pitched squeal of laughter came from the main gardens , and sarah turned in surprise .
* * * sarah thought about her sister all day while working in the garden shed , drying and mincing herbs and organizing her supplies into small pottery containers .
she spent the day busying herself in the garden , tending to the plants , and making up new poultices .
rachel shook her head , doing a spin around the garden .
i will go tend to my gardens .
she finished her meal quickly , then headed out to her garden , already bright with the summer sun .
together they knelt in the rich dirt at the beginning of the garden area .
she fought to engage her interest with caring for her garden , practicing her swordwork , working on mixtures and poultices .
sarah saw movement in one of the upper windows , but before she could discern who it might be , a short , plump woman came hurrying toward them from the herb gardens to the left .
i suggested walks with him in the garden , to distract him from his worries .
overnight , the room had been turned into a garden of flower and decoration .
did you own a garden ?
my wife had been picking the vegetables in the garden , but when i got there i could nt believe what i saw reno drew a deep breath , holding back tears .
they had attacked sonya in the garden , and they were mauling her in the mud .
they looked around to find themselves standing at the far end of the groundsit looked similar to a garden with benches , hedges , statues , and leafless trees .
stone paths branched off of a main walkway in different directions , each ending at one of the small stone houses that lined the edge of the garden .
standing in the garden , addison sanders stared out at the ocean in the distance .
she looked on as akori slowly migrated to the garden to listen to him speak .
the garden was getting crowded , but her grandfather still was nt anywhere in sight .
she thought maybe he d be out there since he was nt in the garden , but she did nt see him .
i ve been waiting for you in the garden .
the weathers perfect , kim said , looking up at the sky as they walked back to join the others in the garden .
everyone was gathered in the open area of the garden when they walked up , but fate still was nt there .
the most exciting news to her was that they planned to have her friend matts uncle josh open the pool in the garden .
chapter 7 fate , bernard , stubbs , and addy ate breakfast on the terrace overlooking the garden .
they sat on a bench in the garden and watched matts uncle josh preparing the pool to be opened .
once the garden started growing , the place was going to look amazing .
addy looked down at the garden .
the garden was set up with chairs and tables to host the luncheon after she claimed the stone .
i d like to ask that you move to the garden for lunch .
they decided they d gather everyone in the garden in an hour to tell them what was going on and then return to the library so jax could claim the overseers stone .
stubbs went off to arrange to get everyone together in the garden .
she made her way through the garden , carefully avoiding everyone .
chapter 17 chairs were hastily set up in the garden and everyone was gathered .
addy walked home alone through the garden , wondering how things had gotten so messed up so fast .
the garden was beginning to grow and small pink flowers dotted some of the bushes .
addy remembered running up the sidewalk in the garden when she was four .
they started down the stairs that went to the garden .
walking through the garden was terrible .
he said juliette perched him up on a statue in the garden where he could pick off the mesen .
as she walked back to the house through the garden , she noticed just how much of it had been repaired since the attack .
addy opened all of the windows in the place , and soon the stuffy air from her being gone for the past two weeks was replaced with the sweet smell of the flowers blooming in the garden .
patrick stopped her in the garden just as she was about to hit the path to the beach and handed her an envelopehe said it was from kim .
she walked through the garden to the main house with the scroll of akori symbols tucked into her bag .
tanner made addy walk through the garden with him to get some air .
other books in the unbinding fate series : sanctify ( unbinding fate book two ) chasing darkness ( unbinding fate book three ) twisted memories ( unbinding fate book four ) hellfire ( unbinding fate book five ) available fall 2014 sanctify preview running up the sidewalk in the garden , addys shoes had come untied .
they re playing at the garden on saturday , so i thought we could show the boys around the city since they ve never been to manhattan before .
there are five acres of grass to mow , not to mention flowerbeds and a garden to weed and water .
he even tends to grams herb garden when she ca nt get around to it .
dru , would you please grab the garden hose and pull it around to the front ?
during the botanical revolution , the state invested in parks , forests and gardens .
proper houses with little plots of garden in front and high hedges fenced off curious onlookers like me .
when i still lived with the dragon , that stupid dog had flashed his fangs at me whenever i walked by our neighbors garden .
a slim path led away from the house , about three hundred feet , to a giant garden that rolled out like an oversize vegetable patch .
i kept to the low line of bushes in the garden .
what then were you doing in the garden while i checked on your mother ?
my mothers weak voice drifted to me from the garden and sent a shiver of aversion from my neck down to my toes .
my mothers anxious words carried to us from the garden .
after i tucked a pair of shorts over my bottom and pulled the black v - neck tee from maries donated pile over my head , i jogged down the stairs and strolled out into the garden .
i ve my own room on the second floor , overlooking the garden and vines .
i do nt hear anyone down in the garden .
my ankles wobbled a bit on the stroll across the garden and down the rows of vines .
the entrance to the garden was still about fifty feet ahead when he caught up , grabbed my hand , and spun me around .
julian must have returned there after i left him standing in the garden .
proof of my insanity had just landed in the middle of the garden .
sodoes that mean you have amazing powers , or are shields and gardens all you capable of ?
i actually remembered playing with boys , back home i think , somewhere where it was green and wild ; not like the manicured gardens in training tech .
when breakfast was finished , we were sent to the medical center to have our arm bandages changed , after which we were directed to the gardens for a mandatory walk , and finally we were shuffled back to our rooms to wait .
but my roses will have to come from someone elses garden .
the story was of a man and a woman , walking through a garden , discussing whether or not their marriage was going to last .
he cleaned and weeded the courtyard , cleared the property behind the chicken shed so that they could have a garden , and started the garden , negotiating with the plantain farmer for the seeds .
he cleaned and weeded the courtyard , cleared the property behind the chicken shed so that they could have a garden , and started the garden , negotiating with the plantain farmer for the seeds .
the seeds sprouted quickly in the tropical heat and the garden grew well .
she whispered encouragingly , drawing me through the door and into a magnificent hidden garden .
the garden was flooded with shimmering crystal water bedazzled with blooming lunar flowers and lily - pads that clung to our legs as we waded through to a tree of golden apples .
the garden melted around me , sending my body plunging into the freezing water .
the king was making small talk , telling sela something about aphids in the rose garden , when my father materialized in the seat beside me .
it looked like a typical suburban houses on earth , the kind with the fancy furniture and the perfect landscaping and the happy family , except that ours hovered in the air , surrounded by darkness instead of a garden , and our family was nt a happy one .
it does nt have any roots , and even if it did , this place is nt much of a garden .
a garden had once been located in this area and had housed some of the most beautiful flowers in the world .
despite seeing so much death the garden had been brought back to life and flowers grew around the giant tombstones that marked the dead .
the other members of the deck walked into the garden and paid their respects to the fallen people .
this discussion is nauseating , it does nt help that my fettuccini alfredo has more cream than cheese , and the cream looks more like curdled milk , or the salad had more wilted greens than a dying garden .
sir , there are several eye catching places i can show you , places like ; cape town and cape peninsula , the wine lands , garden route popularly called south africas eden , kruger national park , durban beachfront , robben island , soweto , blyde river canyon nature reserve and several others we will go to as much places as we can before sunset where will we go first ?
garden route of course , i want to have an impression of what garden of eden looked like for adam and eve to have put us all through this much sufferings i said .
the place looked awesome , but i expected much more ; a place described as garden of eden should look better .
i held her hand and we both walked to the garden .
why do you love to tell me stories in the garden ?
i walked out of the room ; i knew jessinta would be waiting for me at the garden for stories so i walked there and just as i expected , she was waiting for me .
as usual , at 7:30pm , jessinta was at the garden waiting for me to come and tell her stories , though i felt s little bit feverish but i had to keep my words .
every day for three weeks , i went to the garden waiting for you but you never showed up but each time i tried to give an excuse to myself for you that perhaps you were busy '' she said and tears rolled down her eyes like a newly wedded wife that found out her husband had a child with another woman .
just wait at the garden for me , '' i said to jessinta but she neither smiled nor replied ; she just walked to her room .
we crouched behind a shed and surveyed the broad expanse of lawn dotted with large trees and carefully tended flower gardens .
he looked like one of those little figurines that people put in gardens : a gnome .
and more than that , she knew the boy pushing the recycling bins to the front of the garden , just metres away from her .
raising the dead in our back garden , i m guessing ?
but just beyond that garden - was a pyramid .
one day , she fell down an unfinished well at the back of her long garden .
tulips pushed up in his neighbors small gardens skirting the fronts of the small ranch houses .
it had a single path that wandered through a beautiful garden .
a small path split off from the main one to curve to the right where there was a pristine rose garden .
we were sitting at the back of the house , looking onto our long , terrace garden .
everything else was lush garden , green lawns and some pretty impressive autumn trees .
the tears were still threatening and i decided i needed some space and some peace so i headed for the side door , out to the garden .
the walls were white , the gates were silver and the garden looked like it had just been vacuumed .
don and libby left for the village gardens .
the flat looked over princes street gardens and the castle , it was idyllic .
detached , five bedrooms , she had a cattery at the bottom of the garden .
' he lives at the bottom of the garden . '
we were back at ty gwyn , enjoying the june sun with a pile of food each in the garden , when i heard my name being called from the kitchen doorway .
` ` we 're all going to panda garden tonight .
we waited for artist girl to finish painting the water , then another unnamed girl of the gaggle got out her cell phone , powered it on ( you 're not allowed to have them on during school hours ) and called for a ride to panda garden .
i held open the panda garden 's heavy wood door with the brass dragon handle like you 're supposed to do , for girls , and we went inside .
man , having my dad hold up a scalpel to my face was not what i had been looking forward to after panda garden .
she seemed different than she had at the panda garden , as if she had a secret identity and this was it .
you do nt rake up the dogs poo and throw it in the garden ; you throw it over the back fence where you wo nt tread in it .
the house had a small , well - maintained garden with abundant tomatoes , cucumbers , beans , peas , vegetables of all varieties .
she headed to the garden and snipped some tomatoes and beans , putting them into her basket .
he ran all the way to the house on garden street .
they use only half of what they should , lost in their machines , building their great cities higher and higher even as they slide further and further from the garden .
it was really against charlies nature , but he planned to hit the attendant from behind with a garden implement , take his uniform and i.d .
they grew their own gardens and became self - sufficient , devoured books and television shows alike that taught them how to live in the wilderness , how to be less dependent on the luxuries of a technologically advanced civilization , how to be independent and prepare for their worlds end .
instead , she stuck to the areas in which she had chosen to live storeroom , game room , bedroom , hydroponic garden .
he was sitting on the edge of a fountain in the middle of a luscious garden .
this garden puts everyone elses to shame , mum said in a low voice .
for molly ann table of contents chapter one - ella chapter two - pretending chapter three - mother chapter four - the rose garden chapter five - betrayal chapter six - escape chapter seven - fionnualas story chapter eight - truth chapter nine - morning chapter ten - father chapter eleven - oisin chapter twelve - court chapter thirteen - oisins story chapter fourteen - clan council chapter fifteen - others chapter sixteen - trial chapter seventeen - the circle chapter eighteen - dimmer chapter nineteen - the key chapter twenty - sacrifice chapter twenty one - stony point book club readers guide about holly tuesday baxter connect to the author chapter one - ella night had fallen and the noises had begun the scrabbling , scraping , dragging noises , moving from the floorboards up the walls and onto the roof .
water from the wells was reserved for use by the family and their small vegetable garden , a burst of beauty on the south side of each house .
ella could see the corn waving as she passed and the squash vines poking out through the slats of the picket fences , refusing to conform to the boundaries of the garden .
chapter four the rose garden the next day was a fog .
i ve been doing some work in the garden this morning .
a small lizard scuttled out of her way and into the ground cover as she came out of the shade into the open clearing of the rose garden again .
hearing it slam behind her , she strode into the garden expecting to find finn waiting for her .
it was the cottage she thought of as she slipped inside the still garden , her heart beginning to race .
i did nt know anything it was just that i had been here earlier the garden was and i thought that you would understand ?
it was a small brown affair , with a tidy garden in front and laundry flapping in the wind on the side .
he ran on that field , he danced with me in the garden .
they would come and run in the garden and teach me their games .
i was a little older than you on the last day our little tribe was together , playing hide and seek in the garden .
the garden was gone , ripped from the land with nothing left behind but huge scars raked through its rich soil .
he answered her softly , one of our gardens , a grove if you wish , though the trees are not yet fully grown .
her house , it was ruined i saw it just ella tried to move backward in time and count the hours that had passed since she saw the ravaged garden , the debris of what had once been a house .
praying that henri was in another part of the house , they dashed the final few steps through the garden towards the cottage .
you re familiar with the pop star sunny morrison who went missing last thursday while performing at the garden ?
he ended up crashing into the gardens of the block of flats that were at the side of the road , and instantly had a face full of air bag .
mrs randerson looked as though someone had criticised her garden .
the gardens in st andrews square had become a makeshift camp for the journo types with the queues of well coiffured types lining up outside the coffee shop which was doing a roaring trade as were the newly arrived influx of burger - vans and buskers all keen to cash - in on the new arrivals .
its doubtful that they would be any use in a garden either , unless it was to scare away crows .
they looked like miniature people , a line - up of garden gnomes , freshly dipped in glow in the dark paint , all of them dancing to the tune of piper johan .
the garden , however , was a different story .
he gestured to a small , well - manicured garden that bore numerous park benches , where ladies in expensive - looking dresses and their drabber female companions sat feeding flocks of pigeons .
in the gardens of the historical villa the duchess responds to the spirit in a small dog ; opening herself to visions of ancient babylon and the magus walking together with the tiny creature delicately prancing on four legs .
this ever recurring scene was scented of the english garden flowers tended by the one who had held him safe , from boyhood until initiation to destiny ; fragrance lifted into a wind raising the robes of the desert boy to billow as would sails fill with ineluctable power .
in one scene he could but discern in a line of gently blowing laundered sheets brushing the likeness of his mother , a much younger woman than he remembered , plucking lettuce from the garden she tended so carefully under the kind eye of the man she shared her heart with .
the beat of quick steps brushing through garden stalks signaled a morning that had burst into mysticism enflaming the spirit of his initiate , coiling to run ; watched in hallowed silence by those who had gathered .
past the castle threshold , they would run making their way to the garden leaving a silence spilling up the stairs to the chessmans chambers .
this desert wonder grew to such majestic heights , rooftops spilled over with gardens so lush that uninterrupted streams of visitors walked lured by the exquisiteness that had been forged from dusts of unfertile desert lands .
above all heads , in the distance , could be seen taller expansions of white carved marble , pillaring supports of lofty extensions pushing the surrounding city walls back to rise even higher ; reflected into great sculpted pools of still waters emerging from inside palace gardens .
like kites guided through mists of hanging clouds these rare gentle creatures tipped the cities impregnable beauty ; soaring over terraced gardens gripped in the hands of omnipotence .
the years of walking the pathways in the spider garden were coming to an end .
they ran as quickly as they could past the initiate , hurrying into the garden .
bodies alike , curiously bent around , stopped suddenly as if something would be seen emerging from the endless maze of garden walkways .
dreams had reached through the moon ; leading her into a much loved garden masked in unfamiliar alchemy protecting the grounds of the great house .
to the end of the hall beyond ancient oak , surrounded by dreams and those past , the chessman quietly by himself , his soul still to this world , walked to the sudden rippled movement of silken bedding , its inhabitant surfacing , have you tended the garden this morning ?
shared with him daily by his small computer , perched precariously on the piles of books strewn across his night table , were long term memories and dreams harvested from a time he enjoyed in the simple indulgence of loved ones , friends , years liberating ; perfections from a stroll through a flower garden .
preparing himself to walk the spider garden , he stopped a moment , shuddering as the chambers saturated with sadness ; altered truth holding his breath since youth to a sorrow he had not thought to revisit in these last days in the castle .
the garden of the spider god still awaited his walk ; its labyrinthine corridors keeping hidden the parallel worlds wherein alternate dimensions worked in peace and safety to birth earths destiny protected from insidious malevolence ; the new golden age undeniable .
the chessman , tiring of the machines direction towards contemplation through such childhood memories , chose for action , turning back to the dressing glass and calling , arm , kohl please , i have a garden to tend to .
she rose clothed in the warmth of numinous visions , dressing for spring early to the garden .
she had crossed the castle path to be met by antediluvian blessing , released the castle hounds to the garden in joyous tumble , accepted acknowledgement of those in the portrait hall through her passage into this chamber where now stood her teacher wishing help with vestment for his own ritual .
unjust deaths have stolen time but seeds sown on ready winds will explode in colors of wild meadows ; prosperity , a new time to humankind and the earth that nurtures us , a golden age i shall journey in the winding gardens of the spider god .
my journeys in future will be as those we have walked in the spider garden ; communion with nature without translation .
come , we will dance in the garden for spring trills her arrival .
the area around the western wall was mainly deserted , for the gardens there were overgrown with weeds and the fountain was quite dry .
besides the palace , the grounds contained many gardens and a cemetery , as well as several buildings like the barracks , a detached kitchen , some sheds , and the stables .
before he could understand this , he came to see a golden city , where the streets were clean , gardens of immense beauty were abundant , the people sang happily , and no one was sick or could die .
then , one day , she was in our garden and a man rode in , a man that was very bloody with a sword wound in his back .
i recall how they worked in the gardens together and often rode off throughout the lands around the abbey .
outside of the complex were two storage sheds for food and another for garden equipment and hospital equipment .
in a garden behind her house , jawen and hastin tried to kiss , but there was so much darkness that their mouths missed each and they kissed their ears .
it led out into a small garden , placed into a special section of the wall .
on the other side , they were on a lovely paved road , with trees and gardens all around them and with a supposedly firm stone wall behind them that appeared to circle the city .
faraway in coe wana , in a garden on the castle grounds , lord pavga , chihon , and ikla watched as the boys were playing .
however , on the other side of the garden , hamil and cica were fighting each other like regular brothers did , although chihon frowned at his sons .
she still need to pass by the spacious garden where she used to play when she was still a little kid .
i imagine they are covered with dust and cobwebs on the inside , and barren of all homey furnishings and belongings , but if you did nt know better they could look occupied from the outside , except for unkempt yards with long grasses , weeds , and garden ornaments that have tipped over or blown about .
the secrets keeper and the heir the second in the roses garden and the sea series by jackie mccarthy * * * * * copyright 2013 jaclyn mccarthy smashwords edition 2.0 this ebook is licensed for personal use only .
it brings to mind a well - cared - for garden .
but ill put you in a garden , nonetheless .
besides , gardens are full of delicious analogies .
you ll collect the rare , the beautiful , the deadly specimens and arrange them so that your garden is to your liking .
rose recalled the near - destruction of her mamas vegetable garden when it was left to the twins care years ago .
begin tending your garden .
and what silly , treeless gardens have you been in ?
the hanging garden behind the temple of edim is particularly lovely this time of year .
but she would ve been off at lessons , learning to sew and tend a garden .
tending a garden ?
tell you what , just for you , ill sneak into the gardens when i m there and steal you a flower .
thrust into a world halfway between dreams and reality , rose and her garden of allies travel to illiamnas capital city in the lovers shadow and the lie , where they will seek romance , mystery , and the man behind the mask .
he d been working in the gardens .
toward the back of the forty - acre property there was a garden and pastures with cows and chickens .
tom worked in the gardens .
the garden was big and green and filled with blazing sunlight .
a pristine white swan was settled in the middle of the garden .
warm winter sunshine slid in as ross pushed the door open and they all smelt the flowers in the overgrowing garden .
she could see the garden that she and ross had sat in a few days before and the fence that they d all passed the bikes over when they thought michael webb was a member of the neighbourhood watch who was going to report them .
the garden looked very bright , sunny and inviting , either vindictively joyous that the world was going to end or blissfully unaware of it .
he d strolled into their garden today because he intended to get what he wanted .
chapter eleven : the next day , charlotte was lying in her own garden , staring at the sky .
people had begun to take to the streets , the tension and fear and excitement spilling over and making them run , pal mal , furiously , frantically into the roads and over the gardens .
every time i close my eyes , like now , i can see you ~ standing in the garden at yekaterinburg , nervously introducing yourself , or sitting in your sister 's kitchen , laughing with her as you told me about your childhood .
so interested was i that , even when i reached the arched opening in the thick wall , by which i was to enter the kremlin gardens through a heavy oak gate , i paused to see him drive off .
i smiled when i remembered how nervous he was when he introduced himself in the garden of the ipatiev house in yekaterinburg , and told me that he had been visited in a dream by an angel , myriam ~ the same myriam , my guardian angel , who had predicted to me , over a year earlier , that i would find love when i least expected it .
the pretty garden was blooming with bright , summer flowers , just as when i left , and the view across the the river was the same , except for the absence of the circus .
max and i had stayed there on our last night together , and yelena had taken me from this garden to the convent , from where my journey to moscow had begun .
we would sit , in her kitchen with a cup of tea and a home - made scone in winter , or with a glass of wine in her pretty little garden in summer , talking about the wealthy and powerful from all over the world who had come to this palace and danced in this ballroom , watched from the side - lines by the young natalie .
behind the collumns , a broad formal garden , laid out with pools and flower beds and chequered marble walkways , led to the palace doors .
we walked up the short flight of steps , between the two statues and the central pillars of the colonnade , and through the remains of a formal garden , up to the heavy , oak , central doors .
there was just a fountain in a small garden .
in front of him was a square garden surrounded by cloistered passages .
you are not supposed to enter the kings private garden alone .
and as steven led their way into the vast garden of the castle , he felt he heard grimdins voice .
but then she called for many maidens to help her , and she took pleasure in having more gazelles in our garden .
just a garden .
he stepped farther back as he saw no garden was on its sides .
grimdin mouth fell open as his eyes gazed upon at the twilight path stretching all the way from the gate to where they stood , winding its way through a beautiful garden .
the scent of fresh soil reminded steven of the ladies chamber and everything that happened in the garden at the castle of agragort .
we are above the ground , grimdin noted as he saw the castle garden on his left , but he could nt make out anything else familiar , not even the desert .
the concentrated scent of jasmine had disappeared , and soon they were outside , strolling through the garden toward the castle .
steven gazed ahead at the trees and the bushes in the garden .
at the small inner garden of the castle , albert stood before them , now dressed in a white fluffy shirt with a red velvet ribbon wrapped around his waist , serving as a belt for his long brown trousers .
i sprint out of the house without saying bye to grandma on the couch or grandpa outside tending to his garden .
sunlight reflects off the tiled floor from the french door that leads to the garden at back .
dig a deep hole in our back garden and bury him there ?
it seemed to represent a garden of some sort .
finally , a sound of a branch snapping in the garden brings me back to reality .
before she could make a decision on a mode of extermination , it turned itself around and took flight across the room , leaving for the garden by the open window .
it was the forbidden place , the meadow beyond the garden gate with its rusty hinges .
more reason to get rid of that tree so she could go back to her garden she thought to herself .
it sure stuck out in her garden .
twice , no , three times she had to race out to the garden to harvest an herb , a leaf or a root from another plant .
erm , yes , the police think it was a lightning strike on the garage , then they think it hit some flammables and boom , this young fella gets blown halfway across the garden and his head hits a low wall .
a very light , and very welcome breeze drifted across the back gardens of steelgate drive , hurdling the fences easily every few metres , reaching him and lifted the sweat - stuck clothes off his body .
the leaves on the huge baking apple tree that loomed over the bottom of his parents garden rustled their joy at the breath of cooling air .
eric stopped and tried to remember what it looked like outside , and his heart sank when he minds eye saw that it was a draw bolt and padlock system of security , same as his father had on the garden shed at home .
they d set up perimeter cameras in the overgrown cooking apple tree that was in the garden behind erics house , at either the end of the alleyway that ran down the side of erics house , and on the house next door .
they owned several gardens with all their favorite flowers and herbs for potions .
chapter 3 toil and trouble hekate guided willow along the stone path that twisted and winded through the gardens .
her short life would be ended in her garden .
the garden was spinning as the demon before her approached , long black nails reaching out to grab her .
flames and gray and black smoke engulfed the garden , killing willows beautiful flowers and the land that she loved .
the garden was on fire .
as if hekate sensed willow was nt in the garden anymore , a great scream filled the night .
willow entered the great hall , which had transformed into a lush garden .
why do you smell like a garden of flowers ?
abner has orchards , and gardens and flowers all over his layer .
the entire layer is a garden connected by bridges .
16 past we only make it through one garden before lennox calls a halt .
in a layer of flower gardens , the possibilities of attack are endless .
the yellow , orange , and pink flowers in the garden that we sat in were a mirage to mask the little creatures that were hiding there .
vicious little creatures , like the one that i fought in the first garden , are attacking the vigilantes .
blaze , fia , and des are holding the creatures back from the bridge by making a wall of flames and air between the bridge and the flower garden .
the rest of the layer has smelled fresh from all the flower gardens , but something about the smell here sends a vague , fuzzy warning through the back of my mind .
we head to an east garden , walking by some unique flower beds in the shapes of different animals .
kineta releases my arm to walk into a circular garden with a lily pond .
she keeps a hold on my arm as we leave the garden and walk toward the palace .
des leads us down a path to one of the larger gardens that has a large lake in the middle of it .
he rebuilt the potatoes mounds to cover the tubers emerging from the ground , took special care of the vegetable patch , pulled weeds , drew water from the well nearby , watered the plants , and fixed fence boards around the garden .
the scene looked like a garden from a haunted fairy tale , where hedges had grown out of control and had taken on nightmarish qualities .
rocks and minerals were piled around the gardens , near barrels that held steaming brews .
on top of tormenting dreams , working in the garden , and poring over papers , viktor 's diet had been cut in half , for all serfs fasted during lent , the ceremonious weeks that preceded easter .
had viktor had sight , he would have seen the dead weeds and the dried water well of a courtyard that was once a beautiful garden .
this one was equally warm and hazy , but it smelled more like a stable than a garden , for here iron bars gleamed in the candlelight , forming cages of all sizes , some as big as rooms .
between the buildings were lawn - covered hills with occasional abstract fountains and gardens along the paths .
the series , which includes the dark beneath , earths shadow and midnight garden ( forthcoming ) , continues to gain fans around the world .
the garden is looking good , anna .
it is called pouring yourself into the soul of the garden , she said , as way of explanation that she could tell he did nt completely understand .
the seventh layer consisted of family units ; the sixth and fifth layer contained the middle class environments with factories and hydroponic gardens .
it was as big as a large room decorated with the resemblance of a garden .
annalise missed the sun shining above her , the garden , and the clouds drifting overhead .
there was a garden of flowers in the front and a stone wall lining the front perimeter .
now it was a bright blue color with black shutters and there was a garden that bordered the front of the house .
` ` may i go to the garden first ? ''
chapter 2 shai the garden was quiet just like she had hoped .
nothing grew in the garden , but the mothers ensured everyone that they were learning discipline by digging the holes while getting exercise .
she stayed in the garden until the old world thoughts became as grey as the world she lived in and the pain went away .
but seeing him was different than the memory - dreams she conjured up in the garden .
he reached for a garden tool on a shelf above , his sleeve falling away from his skinny arm .
i scuttled through the beer garden , past the smokers and out into the back lane .
sally explained that although they only had a couple of fields left , where she kept her horses , there was one part of the farm that still made money : the garden .
it seemed that all sally had was a few pet horses and some radishes in a kitchen garden .
its a big garden , said sally .
the garden took my breath away .
as we walked along the rows of peas and beans , broccoli and melons , sally told me that the garden had been built years ago when the farm was really big .
i followed sally as she walked through the neat rows of plants thinking to myself that the garden was strangely warm .
she s a mad woman with a weird house and a crazy , stripy garden .
for keith it was all happening for him in that garden .
as the sun set mad keith and i wheeled barrowloads of cabbages into one of the sheds outside the garden .
that evening i washed down the yard , shifted the hay and barrowed off the horse dung to the big pile for mad keith to spread on his garden .
she was busy with the garden and selling vegetables .
keith preferred to cook for himself outside in the garden ; he only ventured into the house once in a while .
now take a bacon sarnie out to keith in the garden before he starts complaining .
i ran into the garden .
it was already hot in the garden .
but actually it was nt so difficult to understand and it helped that keith spent most of his time in the walled garden so he did nt have much to talk about that was nt to do with what went on inside the garden .
but actually it was nt so difficult to understand and it helped that keith spent most of his time in the walled garden so he did nt have much to talk about that was nt to do with what went on inside the garden .
the fact was keith was the only one who knew how to make that garden grow .
but we were very late that day because of the pea thing in the garden .
then i went down to help keith in the garden .
as dusk fell i left keith in the garden and went back to the house .
she yelled at keith in the garden and he came running out too .
perhaps the story of how missile and preston really did win the last big one is getting mixed up with all the cabbages and peas in that garden of yours .
i hope its useful and i hope things are going well for you in the garden at parchman farm .
daniel threw a pebble into the forgotten garden .
even in daylight , walking the pathway to the gardens was an isolating experience for daniel , like he was detached from the rest of the world .
joshua hesitantly followed his brother into the faded garden .
from his spot in the tree , daniel saw the fishpond ; the cracked planter ; the house , mysterious even from up this high ; and the gardens in the arboretum .
he ran like a madman for the arboretum gardens .
do nt think about the garden hose or water slide .
even though we parked as close as we could , we still had to walk through a garden to get to the entrance .
the garden had purple and pink flowers that were blooming and waving in the wind , paying no attention that the world was crumbling around them .
our footsteps were echoing across the garden no , city .
storms cause floods and drought , floods and drought kill the breadcorn fields and the gardens , and the people become hungry .
be like working in the garden wif somebody 's finest porcelain , '' lemny replied .
the air was sweet - smelling , like a pollen - choked garden , not at all woody or leafy , and felt stiflingly warm and close .
sun out , breeze in the trees , fresh lea - li buds and maybe a chewy triluly bulb dug up from a pod garden when they were n't looking .
* * * ` ` dig up the gardens .
and cory wo n't be hiding under your garden , '' loora said .
so they stay , and obey , and kill or banish intruders , and sweat over their little gardens , and from their breath and their sweat comes essence . ''
the smell of wet garden dirt was raw in the air .
now as for these spies -- '' ` ` all our gardens , dug up , '' one old worshipper said .
she permitted the bow to fall from her hand , but stalked after the boy over the spade - riven garden , practically breathing down his neck .
why not build machines that plant seeds , or fly people through the air , or bring clean water from garden to garden ? ''
seeds of frustration and uncertainty began sprouting in his mind like weeds in a garden .
most days he found pleasure in piquing ayden 's curiosity with something plucked from the garden or from beneath a rock .
marys out in the garden , hanging out the washing , when joshuas father arrives in a pony trap .
she steps outside , back into the garden .
actually , its a plastic can of lawnmower petrol i ve taken from our garden shed .
she sure was a sight to desire for whenever she mowed her front - yard garden .
as they do and a guy notices another beautiful flower in a garden , he takes it and has to either replace the old one resting in that vase dumps you or he finds another vase and puts the new flower in it thus loving them both which means cheating you both .
the park is one of the most beautiful in francistown and its beautiful garden made it the perfect venue for a young couple like us .
i was always in a good mood because of her , always did everything my mother asked of me without complaining , gave lucy our new german shepard puppy food every day without ever forgetting , helped our garden care - taker with the garden and even watched mums boring soap operas with her sometimes !
i was always in a good mood because of her , always did everything my mother asked of me without complaining , gave lucy our new german shepard puppy food every day without ever forgetting , helped our garden care - taker with the garden and even watched mums boring soap operas with her sometimes !
camilla and i were reading the secret garden when foster came up with the rhyme , ` ` perri , perri , quite contrary , my how your stomach grows . ''
he brought yellow and pink roses from his grandmothers garden , and he gave them to me after the ceremony .
for charlie , i painted a picture of my favorite flower shop , figaros garden .
i gave him the painting of figaros garden in vancouver .
they were of charlie and me in vancouver , overlooking the water at granville island , hugging in my room at the manse , relaxing on the grass at stanley park , and standing in front of figaros garden .
jen 's mum had spotted a nice old pub with a large beer garden that overlooked the bay and she said they deserved a treat , so lunch would be there .
the pub was packed as they made their way through the chip fat smoky lounge bar to the gardens .
there were people of every shape size and nationality in the place and the garden was equally as busy .
she told the barman that they would be in the garden .
the wasps from the harbour had invaded the beer garden as well .
` ` i 'll be fine out here in the garden , but do n't be long .
i do n't think it very ladylike for a woman to be sat in a beer garden on her own .
she paid the man for the prints and ran all the way back to the beer garden .
it was a simple trowel that they used around the garden .
but the spell of hypnotism had to be rubbed off : this was no garter snake climbing over a garden wall .
while speaking he recalled his itineraryhe and tien were due next to buy new jackets at the train station shops across from madison square garden .
hoang - ha put his arm around tien 's shoulders , and the two of them headed across the street to the madison square garden entrance to penn station .
cover illustration by sung kim bah hah yonamah , 2008 , oil , 14 x 18 about garden urthark a garden is an ideal or archetype that gives the earth ( urth ) a human shape .
cover illustration by sung kim bah hah yonamah , 2008 , oil , 14 x 18 about garden urthark a garden is an ideal or archetype that gives the earth ( urth ) a human shape .
- https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/353590 la fortuna della luna - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/361040 you will die - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/383211 the death and resurrection of john - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/369060 testimony of a former slave as witness to a duel : september 15 , 1822 - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/362072 my boy johnny - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/356847 extinction of the thalls - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/310829 washington - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/294233 the dragons of miami - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/278539 other world - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/51153 arrowheads - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/171930 the splintered door and the kiss - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/219942 psychic - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/236386 europe 76 - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/151823 the weird life of joshua mirabene - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/301478 literary flowers - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/301637 in search of marekka - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/313720 connect with garden urthark online twitter : http : //twitter.com / gardenurthark smashwords : https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / gardenurthark garden urtharks blog : http : //gardenurthark.wordpress.com eden , dawn the chronicles of paradise book one copyright 2014 archer swift swift books smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is free , and you are welcome to share it with your friends .
- https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/353590 la fortuna della luna - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/361040 you will die - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/383211 the death and resurrection of john - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/369060 testimony of a former slave as witness to a duel : september 15 , 1822 - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/362072 my boy johnny - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/356847 extinction of the thalls - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/310829 washington - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/294233 the dragons of miami - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/278539 other world - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/51153 arrowheads - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/171930 the splintered door and the kiss - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/219942 psychic - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/236386 europe 76 - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/151823 the weird life of joshua mirabene - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/301478 literary flowers - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/301637 in search of marekka - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/313720 connect with garden urthark online twitter : http : //twitter.com / gardenurthark smashwords : https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / gardenurthark garden urtharks blog : http : //gardenurthark.wordpress.com eden , dawn the chronicles of paradise book one copyright 2014 archer swift swift books smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is free , and you are welcome to share it with your friends .
she smelled grass and stepped sure - footedly on the familiar dusty path until she reached a little cottage and vegetable garden bordered by a shorter wooden fence .
they had taken the stairs down , crossed through the garden , and were approaching the portcullis of the outer wall .
the two girls made their way out of the arena , past the barracks and kennel , back into the fragrant garden .
look , down there in the garden !
down in the garden , the boys still stood looking at each other in shock .
bowregard barked , she would never set foot in the garden , or anywhere her gown could possibly get dirty .
since the night that millie had donned the princess dresses , bowregard had been finding excuses to run into millie in the market , or pass her in the garden as of late .
if tanyan had made it over here , she may have tried to rescue you from the sight of oslan with another woman by asking you to walk with her in the gardens as she is prone to doing .
chapter 35 ~ class and glass ~ tanyan found them celebrating in the gardens .
the water tasted metallic and stale like water straight from a garden hose but his mouth sucked it down as if it were the finest wine in the world .
place her gently in the garden over there .
i point to a flower busy garden about twenty metres from us .
i look around to make sure no one is watching and gently carry her over , placing her in the garden in a non - invasive , non - humiliating position .
buddys voice was calmer than a gentle brook flowing through a garden meadow .
as they approached the large garden in front of the place they saw buddy as he swiftly found his way out of the front gate .
some households own robots from housekeeping , babysitting , garden landscaping , and building repairs .
i toss the backpack with assorted garden tools on my shoulder away from granny .
my mama carries the three bags of sharp garden tools walking down the hallway , observing the colored rooms then reaches the end of the hallway .
a thousand thoughts race though my mind , i should be whipping the garden bush shears in the air , feeling the weight , when i attack a member of the vee - team .
daddy , should we be practicing with the garden tools , instead of dancing ?
a few minutes later they pull into the memorial gardens where tanya is buried .
just beyond the courtyard , a rolling tangled walkway weaved through a perfectly manicured garden , secured with massive trees and extending far behind the castle .
cole asked , gesturing towards the garden with his head .
on the opposite side of the castle from the garden were the stables , but beyond that , the castle seemed to be effectively isolated , surrounded by large stretches of cultivated land and pastures .
one of the castles had a garden in front , and several enormous fireflies hovered over it .
i will be in the garden if you need me .
the garden , which formed a pair of dragons from a birds eye view , looked like a maze once inside of it .
the hospice was set up on a hillside , surrounded by beautifully manicured gardens .
a lawn of perfectly manicured green grass , not a weed in sight , progressed into a rose garden with fragrance so heady even the bees flew heavily , buzzing around the abundant blooms .
soft , comfy chairs occupied lounges scattered around the hospice , with sculpture or paintings to sooth the soul inside , as the gardens did outside .
however , someone , the caretaker of these beautiful gardens , had taken the time to prune so that it draped the arbor perfectly , a picture of loveliness .
the back of the house was large , there was cushioned benches and a beautiful garden with flowers there was even a small pond filled with little fishes , surrounded by a bird bath that water falls into the pond , ryder knew it was gorgeous he created it all with his mother in mind .
well , i did have my garden to look forward to , that was something i guess .
the people that owned the property before us had smartly planted a garden here for easy access to water .
the garden must ve been absolutely enchanting when it was full and bursting with life .
mama had commented on what a pretty garden it must ve been .
while he gathered them , i browsed through the gardening section for anything on organic gardens .
i ve got a plan for my future as thoroughly mapped - out as the garden i m going to plant .
brule crouched next to one of the garden posts , his butt wiggling , getting ready to pounce .
( i made a mental note to chat with her about tips before i planted my garden . )
how s your garden ?
he d even helped me plant my garden , with the condition that i give him a small piece of it for his own project .
from the simplest , most humble dream , such as someone happily digging their garden , to another persons ultimate fantasy of international stardom , through every twisted alternate reality in between ; they re all here .
her father has many big tea gardens .
we spent many times together in the school and in our tea garden .
then one - day my father called afzals father and asked him to leave our tea garden forever .
the next day afzals family left our tea garden forever .. and my father sent me in the boarding school far from home in shillong .
taking a deep breath he lowered his fingers fast , snatched the spider between them and flung it high over the fence opposite into mr nicholls ' garden .
how come they live in our garden ?
tiny people , really tiny people , people the size of ants , lived in the back garden , in our back garden .
tiny people , really tiny people , people the size of ants , lived in the back garden , in our back garden .
` ` tiny people and i mean really tiny people , the size of ants , live in our garden and i want to write to them . ''
mr nicholls , their next door neighbour , was out early and working in his garden .
he picked it up and threw it out of the open garage door in to the garden .
i live here this is our garage there are millions of people like me how many tiny people are there why are you living in our garden this is our new home .
he still did not know who the tiny people were or why they were living in their garden .
were there other tiny people in the world , in every garden , in the park , in school ?
except for the faint sound of tapping coming from mr nicholls ' garden the garage was quiet .
have you always lived here in our garden ?
your garden ?
lou glanced from one darkened corner to another , dropped her golf club and ran back out into the garden .
there was no distant lawnmower growling furiously at the grass beneath it ; there was no music leaping over the fence like someone elses escaped tiger ; even mr nicholls had given his garden a break from knocking it about and disappeared inside .
what made it even more fantastic was the fact that they were happening in his back garden .
in our back garden ?
the person involved would have to spend time in the back garden but francis did not bother going out there much nowadays .
mr nicholls was working in his front garden .
given that mr nicholls was in his front garden , he could get in to his back garden through the loose panel in the fence behind the garage and creep carefully to the living room window without being seen .
given that mr nicholls was in his front garden , he could get in to his back garden through the loose panel in the fence behind the garage and creep carefully to the living room window without being seen .
his intrusion in to the garden had not been noticed .
opposite , in the bottom right corner , was a garden shed .
the image of how it appeared through the bathroom window came to him and he realised that he was actually in mr nicholls ' garden .
he stepped on to the grass and looked at the garden in front of him .
i wish dad could make our garden look like this , he thought .
carporoo was becoming a garden locked behind a high wall that belonged to someone else and that ' someone else ' did not like trespassers .
mr nicholls looked as if alfie had just ripped a branch off his treasured japanese maple tree which took centre stage in his front garden .
well , a couple of months ago i was pottering around in the garden when i suddenly heard a voice calling to me .
i threw it in to your garden said alfie , laughing oh said mr nicholls and he laughed as well .
he would have asked mr nicholls if he had been in his garden but mr nicholls was nowhere to be seen .
mr nicholls would obviously be surprised to see him in his back garden but if he explained his predicament he would understand .
i was so wrapped up in thinking about the future conversation that i forgot to ride out to the garden store .
haruki was still working at the garden store until the last minute , more from obligation than need .
i found the number of the garden store on - line .
a beautiful flower garden sat next to the house and i could see a woman working strenuously in it to pull weeds .
the woman in the garden looked up from her work and smiled at avalon .
the woman from the garden filled his seat and placed her arm around my shoulders .
evaleen once pulled me aside at a garden party when i was thirteen and slipped comfort inserts into my four inch pumps when she could tell i could barely walk straight anymore .
i m just going to clean up a bit in here , and then head out to the garden .
he commanded , and it was then that i noticed the black and white dog veering off toward one of his mothers beloved gardens .
evan was pretending not to listen , taking a keen interest in grandma marys flower garden , but i saw his lips twitch .
brick woven paths led between shrubs and gardens that were covered in snow .
were in the heart beat of pairs , child , across the street from the tuileries garden and the musee du louvre .
why did you pull my roses from the flower garden then scatter them into the living - room ?
thieves never use the front door , mama , squatting then grab one of the short thick hard tiki stones creating a circle of beautiful lawn ornaments from the flower garden .
the garden beds at the front were filled with beautiful flowers .
the rest of the group went for a walk through the garden .
james had been in the garden when shed received the prank call at marks place , so it did nt seem that it could be him personally .
when she had received the call in the garden , james had nt been there .
as always , i leave the manse and make my way toward the glass gardens an hour before my shift starts at the sixth hour .
but ever since she got on at the glass gardens a year ago , we ve been kinda forced together .
` ` i 'll talk to my father after my shift at the gardens today .
i pull my semi - short , red hair into a dirty ponytail , fully revealing the shaved sides of my head , and enter the glass gardens proper .
row upon row of various crops , plants and trees , extend as far as the eye can see from the head of the gardens where i ' m standing .
drought is a particularly prevalent problem in eversummer , and so the gardens were built to accommodate large scale food production without fear of losses .
i make for the corn belt , near the center of the gardens , where i 'd been working lately .
i leave work just after the eighteenth hour , the warmth of the eversummer sun feeling like a cold draft on my skin after twelve hours in the gardens .
i ' ve driven a loading cart at the glass gardens , but this is a bit more complicated .
we 're in the east garden .
the garden is thick , all sculpted shrubs , flowering trees , and vines , shrouding our presence for the moment .
altair grabs traylor and me by the shoulders and quickly marches us away from the house and into the thick of the garden , coming to the east wall moments later .
i ' ve worked in the glass gardens long enough to know what 's edible . ''
its said that the glass gardens in krakelyn are constructed of forerunner glass , but i ' ve never seen a building like this one in the north.through the open window frames , i see movement within .
rock , available at all major online retailers : the forerunner archives dinosauria volume i part i : a memory of time part ii : garden part iii : twin city crossroads part iv : nuevogato dinosauria volume ii part v : this is war part vi : purple part vii : supermassive black hole part viii : the harrowing dinosauria volume iii part ix : the hunt for the nuevogato part x : the twisted combination part xi : a brief history of dinosauria part xii : worthy adversary dinosauria : the complete volumes i , ii , & iii the dinosauria cycle ( volumes i - iii ) the death clock - a short story ex machina - a short story upcoming works ( working titles ) : untitled forerunner archives sequel ( book 3 ) the progenitor saga in other worlds contact j .
my mind reeled back to the summer afternoons when theo and i would sit in my garden whilst his father worked .
i asked mother about him numerous times , until she finally told me that theos father was no longer needed to tend our garden .
he was always so kind and cheerful as he worked on our gardens .
the house was perfectly kept , surrounded by a pristine garden filled with daisies that she had engineered to grow to the size of sunflowers .
i dashed back through the garden .
i would have preferred to go back to bed , or lay in the hammock under the artificial garden i had seen behind door eight , but i was nt about to dampen ellinas excitement .
felix shouted behind us as we hurried down towards the garden room .
the room was a rich green from the foliage that filled the space , tall trees with broad canopies meant that the walls and ceilings of the room were hidden , giving the appearance of a real overgrown secret garden .
leaving meatloaf in the garden , we walked to door nineteen , which promised the spa room .
once i was sure axil was gone , i went back to the garden and fed meatloaf the chicken , which he happily gulped down in two bites .
my heart began to pound as i charged around the garden , swiping at leaves as i went .
they hesitated , and i stormed past them , through the door of the garden and into the hallway .
i do nt know why , but i wish it would turn back blue so the garden would come back to life .
the garden is beginning to bloom again and for that everyone is wonderfully gleeful .
frederam says everyone is happy because i will be in a better mood , but who would nt be happy about the garden coming back to life ?
i want to be able to go out into the garden and not have to retreat into the house when i get hungry .
and not only that , she has been so happy lately : she has started her own garden , with her own hands and everything , so she is always pulling weeds and picking seeds , and she sighs often .
today i went out into the garden .
then she brushed past me to work on her garden .
never , far before the day we sat in her garden , when she was whacking her maids every which way .
you are to be in the garden at two oclock every other day , and every sunday you are to bring me every meal .
he asked me as we passed through his inside garden .
were the garden gnomes !
what garden ?
why , the garden of batba , of course !
lottey ah , here we are , near the garden of gnomes .
i wanted rather badly to peer under the bridge to see what exactly it was , if it were a troll , or perhaps just a wicked little garden gnome .
you re the only thorn in the rose garden , are nt you ?
i ran through the various gardens lit by lanterns and strings of white twinkle lights .
the small area was its own natural garden , and it was at its most beautiful this time of year .
i was the one in charge of picking aromatic herbs and succulent capers from the garden outside the kitchen .
she put it in a shoe box and buried it under a miniature white rose in her garden .
most people would consider the small stone walkways flanked on either side by lovingly tended gardens as things of grace , would know that the tall , narrow houses lining each side of the cobblestone road were monuments to both architecture and history .
roll in a new hay bale , muck out the barn and feed the animals , then check on the garden .
her mother and sisters were in the garden when she got to the house , lugging the full pail of milk , so she left it on the floor of the kitchen and quickly threw water on her face before heading back out into the sun .
if her mother and sisters were in the garden , they would nt need help , so she would have to go off to help her other brothers while boll chopped firewood .
she missed the overgrown gardens which had seemingly been left to grow wild for weeks .
the garden around their house had been trampled .
the village was still small enough that most of the houses had little gardens in front of them ; small enough that the alleyways were clean of the filth and detritus that so litter the side streets and by - ways of larger cities , and it was along one of these alleys that danr now slunk , occasionally looking through windows of houses on the way .
da needs him to pick up a few things before the lads come to work in the garden tomorrow .
i watched her write something down on her clipboard and point toward an area of the garden .
my mother then directed mr . fitzgibbons attention toward another part of the garden , and they moved out of my sight .
first , there was a problem with the temporary dance floor being constructed near the garden .
the garden was bursting with color and activity .
the florists had arrived and were carrying even more flowers and greenery into the garden .
the garden was at its peak and the air was perfumed with the scent of mr . fitzgibbons carefully tended roses .
they were seated outside enjoying tea amidst the shrubs and hedges of the formal garden .
mother followed father as he led the way around our house to the side of the garden .
at the end of our garden , there was a silver chicken net fence .
they stood in front of the garden gate with black scarves covering their faces .
i pray to see my mother standing in the kitchen asking me if i m hungry , and to see lucas playing in the garden .
i remember they were in the garden playing with chalks on the path that leads to the front door .
why was i not in the garden with them ?
i wander over to mothers favorite garden .
as i sat down on the grass and smelled the flowers in the garden , i could not believe how he had responded ; he had n't seemed shocked at all , but was excited about my idea .
father and i were out in the garden , and the birds were singing all around us .
my older brother was in their room reading so i headed out to the garden .
that morning , i strolled around the garden deep in my dreams .
plus , one of our friends from the neighborhood went through a phase where he d meticulously pick out a variety of colorful plants from his garden to roll up in newspaper and smoke .
it was a garden , cultivated and worked on an hour every morning .
the little figurine people were all tranquilly going about their day amongst the forest and garden .
old photos that hung in the hallway depicted the manor surrounded by lush gardens , but all that was left now was scuffed dead grass and scattered leaves .
peering around the edge , i could nt see anything untoward in the outer gardens .
they located her father in the garden out back .
he motioned for them to have a seat under a gazebo in the center of the garden .
manicured gardens that wrapped around perfectly defined pathways .
i prayt for a garden angel .
ill start at the garden of eden .
but he makes that nice couple into very curious critters , gives them free will , and then plants the tree in the middle of their damned garden .
its a typical baytown street , lined with single - storey weatherboard houses set back behind low fences and small front gardens .
now the fences are broken , the gardens overgrown and the windows boarded up .
he nods his head and i follow the direction of his gaze to where , further up the street , a half - dozen hooded figures lounge against a garden wall .
our mum grows them in our own garden .
dandelions and strawberries from the garden .
sara takes us out into the back garden and puts us to work building up one of the vegetable beds , piling soil on top of large stones .
the garden is flooded too , except for the raised beds .
we find noah and sara in the garden , standing in the water , examining the vegetable beds .
anyway , we ca nt do much in the garden until the water goes down , so we might as well get your identity papers .
jills in the garden .
sara goes through into the garden while leo takes us upstairs to a disorganised artists den of papers , pens and half - finished paintings .
* * * next morning we find noah and sara in the garden , cooking porridge over a small firepit .
i go with sara to clean homes at the fortress , and we work in the garden , and jack helps noah find firewood .
we work in other peoples gardens too .
we work in the garden at dawn and dusk and try to rest during the middle of the day , although its hard even to sleep when its so hot .
the road passes small orchards and vegetable gardens .
but the roads themselves have all been replaced by green spaces : vegetable gardens , fruit trees , small parks .
beth arranges for us to borrow a couple of bikes and we cycle past small shops and people jogging and working in the vegetable gardens .
when we get home the computers are still out of action so we help beth do her shift in the community garden , digging up potatoes .
but everyone has to work in the gardens .
they turn roads into gardens and parks and so on , beth says .
there are the new houses , and solar panels everywhere , and wind turbines on the clifftops , and all the veggie gardens , and cyclists everywhere , and the fact baytown is now three villages with farms in between .
beth says any leftover food is made into compost to fertilise the veggie gardens .
beth says the poo is dried and used to fertilise the gardens .
but once we leave the town centre it becomes like baytown , with vegetable gardens and parks where roads used to be , and lots of cyclists instead of cars .
a rose garden hugs the side of the house .
they 'd use surplus firewood to trade for whatever vegetables yolanda 's garden patch could n't provide as well as for other necessities .
it rolled in the garden , and under a bush , and then my poor meatball , was nothing but mush .
he will defend anything you sayperhaps your garden is overrun with birds .
as they passed through the heavy wooden gate , they saw monks tending gardens .
they disappeared into the swirl of dancers , willow 's silver dress flashing like starlight amidst the garden of color flowing on the dance floor .
in the courtyard below the two trolls were cornered in the garden .
taking a random path through the gardens and desolated buildings , he heard only the occasional shout from his pursuers , each time from what seemed to be further away .
going through the streets and gardens would be suicide .
carl took the lead and on they ran , jumping a small garden fence and then through a heavy iron gate .
it 's near busch gardens , right ? ''
great gulps of air punch into me and i begin to hyperventilate , sure i have been buried alive , that somehow i am trapped in the ground with miranda and nicole , planted in some psychotic version of a garden in phillip 's backyard .
you ll also find a private passage to the gardens , the forest , and a small , man - made stream .
only until we were hidden past the garden walls , and the men were out of sight , did she finally let go of me .
it feels like the garden of eden is around us .
at the same moment , cory 's mom walked in from the backyard where she was doing some weeding in the garden .
when were closer , she points to the field between her back garden and the cliffs .
i look like a glow - in - the - dark garden gnome , i muttered .
they lived off the vegetables in grams huge garden , fishing every day , dad hunting for the occasional deer .
light blinded her for a moment and then her vision came into focus in the most beautiful seascape gardens she could have ever imagined .
he will take my hand , we will dance and laugh , and he will insist we go for a walk in the garden .
i stomped down the steps and strolled down our garden path , thick slabs of concrete teetering as i stepped on them at the wrong end .
the word garden was laughable .
i could actually see over them into what looked like a garden .
in this garden there were colors unlike anything made or grown in pau brasil .
i watched as three male guardians led the boys around the edge of the field , following the bend of the low wall that edged the garden until they were out of sight .
we followed the curve of the garden wall in the opposite direction until we reached a platform .
i was itching to get into that garden .
i walked through the garden with rash , kicking dirt and playing with my hair distractedly .
on my way back to the dorms , rash and i walked through the garden , which was actually called the class arboretum .
it was dark , with only the moonlight and some garden lights dotted around to illuminate the way .
ornate steps led down to flowering gardens .
she liked to walk barefoot around her small garden where she grew most of her food .
then he d help her in the garden or they d play board games , until dad sobered up and called sounding all apologetic , on the downside of one of his rollercoaster rides .
we drive until we hit the very top of the mountain , a place called the garden of the gods .
tiffany sometimes helps out in the kitchen or in the garden , but she s been a handful recently .
josie and jenny keep the rest of this place clean , and liz takes care of the gardens .
darien stood in the shade of the trellised outbuilding and smiled over the magnificent garden that liz had showered with love .
darien had seen the wonders of lizs garden under the full moon , but this was the first time he had the pleasure of walking in it during the day .
vicky glanced up at darien gazing over the lush foliage of the english - style garden , and pondered what she had learned .
he looked out over the garden again as he remembered evil things from his past .
darien looked back over the garden .
the soft scent reminded her of the roses outside the gazebo in lizs garden and the conversation shed had with darien about other monsters .
beyond that , a lush verdant garden and a paved footpath lead to the rear of their estate .
the rear wall was also made of glass with a sliding door in the center , leading to the covered pool area and back to the garden .
the garden was mrs . montereys most cherished place in the whole house ; it had all sorts of flowers and charming stone benches scattered around .
chapter 04 when beth woke up , she was lying on the wicker couch on the back porch in front of her mothers garden .
jake asked while standing in the middle of the garden .
they were running and playing in a big garden , but not theirs .
making a quick strategic escape , beth ran to the garden in order to discharge her electricity before going to meet her boyfriend .
leon was sitting alone on the small wall of the vast garden that always appeared in her dreams .
so , instead , she got only a mug of strong coffee and went for a walk in her mothers garden .
i went to the garden ; leon came and we talked .
he and his garden disappeared , and a new place came over .
then beth was in her beautiful garden again with the three kids .
i followed after rhea who opened a large metal gate showing her garden .
perfect sculptured garden hedges stood along the stone path , and in the middle of the garden stood a high water fountain , shooting jets of water into the air .
perfect sculptured garden hedges stood along the stone path , and in the middle of the garden stood a high water fountain , shooting jets of water into the air .
my grandmother was out in the yard when i got home , whatever sickness that had stripped the garden in the backyard starting to contaminate the flowers near the front steps .
pulling into the driveway revealed a beautiful garden in the back with an arched trellis laden with purple flowers .
when azalea woke up she took her shower and ate breakfast before going around the back of the house to take care of her garden .
when she walked into her garden a loose vine had wrapped its way around her ankles .
she had made her way through her garden to enter her garage , which she had transformed into a greenhouse .
she did nt have the typical things you d use in a garden .
her garden was different ; she had a shovel and a watering can so that it would nt raise any suspicion .
this house was still pretty new to her , so the most she s ever done was take care of her garden .
once everything was all said and done and the plants fully taken care of , she walked out of her greenhouse and walked into her garden .
she normally watered her garden the old fashioned way cause her neighbors were usually out and about at this time of day , but they had left a couple hours earlier to take their kids to a resort for the last couple of days left of summer .
she watered the garden the same way she had watered the greenhouse .
she noticed a narcissus flower in the far back of her garden .
when she had gone to the back of the garden where the narcissus had blossomed , she had noticed that the flowers around the narcissus had died .
she had heard a sound from outside her bedroom window and she was almost certain that it had come from her garden .
he turned around and looked at her ; he wiped his hands on his dirty and tattered clothes and looked away from her before sprinting from her garden .
when she was sure that he was far enough away she opened the door of her patio and stepped out into her garden .
when she had walked toward where the guy had been standing , she was shocked to see what looked like a human sized grave in the back of her garden .
when she had first saw the man she had thought he was digging up her garden , or digging out her flowers not buried underneath them .
she never saw the mysterious flower killer after monday but just to be safe she had cameras on her patio roof to look over the garden and greenhouse .
she was nervous and shocked that he d be so bold ; she could nt bring herself to ask him what he was doing in her garden , she feared the answer more than anything .
trust me i would know seeing as though i have a garden and a greenhouse i would know whether or not any of these flowers were in it .
ok heres one , i am extremely angry with you no pissed at you because you had the nerve to kill my flowers and disappear like nothing had happened , and then you appear at the same got dang school as me and act as though you were nt just buried in my dang garden .
about your garden do nt even worry about it , its fixed as if nothing ever happened because nothing did , she said before walking away .
walking up her driveway she could nt help but wander into her garden .
before she could think any more about it she went down stairs to her patio , trey was in his room at the time so she went to go take care of her garden .
she parted her mental clouds and let it rain down over her garden .
she stuck the sd chips into her computer and watched the deserted garden for over 30 minutes until a man came into view .
this time she could see him digging his hands into the part of her garden that she had just fixed pulling something that glinted in the night .
something weird was going on here first llorel and now some other strangers , what was their connection to her garden and why did they always have to kill her flowers when they touched them ?
better yet what is with him and my garden ?
they were still nightmares but they played the scene of him in my garden over and over again .
what do you mean he came out of a grave from within your garden ?
oh the queen of the garden .
only if you want to eat them , he laughed and i ran out of the barn and down to the lake , some hundred acres of water and ornamental gardens .
mums new project was renovating the 16th century knot and rose- gardens ; she was replanting several heirloom species of tudor roses .
the smell was musty and sweet , reminded me of early spring planting in mums small veggie garden .
chapter 6 mum was kneeling in the soft dirt of the garden patting soil around the roots of the dozen rose bushes we d unloaded from the range rover .
the garden was a small square off to the side of the solarium , bordered by boxwood hedges and yews carved into griffins , lollipop shapes and geometric designs rather than the common everyday animals .
an ornate wrought iron fence with spears separated the flowerbeds from the old herb garden .
the little boy of five years had fallen from the roof onto the wrought iron spears of the garden fence ; been impaled through the chest and belly and he d died in his mums arms .
the station was well lit with placards posted about condoms and aids , plays at covent gardens and upcoming rock bands .
a big old kitchen that opened with french doors on a garden , back pasture , barns and century - old oak trees .
he dug post holes and built fence , hoed the garden and ran sassy around the fields , went riding with jasmine on her spotted paso fino trotting behind her on his own two feet .
rose garden , i called over my shoulder .
kris tended and worked on the vegetable garden , then planted flowers and watered them with the utility of a horse - pipe , then set up and framed and painted in consummate white our wooden fence , then cut the overgrown and enormous hedge on the other side of our house , then climbed up on the shabby roof of our house and swept and cleaned it , then unpacked to pack and arrange nicely the stuff and things in her own room .
they were probably in the garden when it broke out . ''
he thought about old mrs . jackson and her insanely manicured garden and mr .
ellis looked around the immediate area and saw a broken piece of edging brick near his mother 's vegetable garden .
bodies seemed to be coming out of nowhere as they sprinted around the gardens .
elle spent the days walking with ellis or aran on the patrols , or making her garden outside the house .
elle knew that her mother had planned to make planter gardens that summer and had already purchased a variety of seed packets containing everything they cpuld possibly try to plant .
the boys both agreed that the idea of having garden was great , increasing the amount of food they had to eat .
elle had a great looking garden going ; most of her planted crops were coming along nicely .
he could see elle down on her knees , working in her garden and ellis busy cleaning out one of the outer sheds that was used by the caretakers to store equipment .
the two men pulled the boat up , docked and disembarked heading towards the garden where elles back was towards them as she tended her plants .
he put me in charge of the garden .
with his help , they managed to finish the protecting wall around the house , double the size of the garden and clean out the small sheds and buildings around the island .
vanya took over the job of the house garden and began harvesting the vegetables that elle planted when she first dug it .
to her right was a garden surrounded by a plain fence .
taking up most of the space was a beautiful garden .
joyah sat on a stone bench at the top of the hill , overlooking the garden .
statues , gardens , and fountains decorated the exterior and the courtyards .
cielo looked around the green garden .
there were some benches that faced the square garden .
cielo thought that the garden was a place of solace for both the aged and the nurses .
and the supervisor made her way out of the garden .
i love how they landscaped the garden .
cielo nodded and walked to the garden .
it was a pleasant morning to bathe in the sun in the well maintained garden .
three pairs of residents , all male , found their spots in the garden as they dueled in the game of chess .
the residents in the garden stopped their own business , and turned to the laughing pair .
cielo walked to the garden and said goodbye to her colleagues who also helped her get through .
when she reached the garden , she was surprised to see professor fabie sharing the bench with someone else .
the yards were well kept , covered in lush , green grass , and the houses had flower gardens in full bloom , some with the stars and stripes and the georgia state flag hanging from their porches .
the rooms had large windows overlooking a garden area , allowing in plenty of light .
shane looked around at the bodies of kids littering the steps , lawn , and the gardens of the capitol building , many of them several years younger than he was .
they seem so carefree and happy in the unnaturally green garden under the bright , blue cloudless sky .
i have to act fast if i want to reach the far corner of the vast garden in time .
lord lindseys in the back garden , sir , he volunteered , still searching the grounds .
if he were kidnapped at roswood , it would likely be in this part of the gardens .
what is a wolf doing in my gardens ?
several people , sir sedron among them , headed south from here , through the back gardens and into the interior wilderness .
it was a garden with a young girl holding out a bouquet of flowers to an older woman who was smiling at her .
the gardens were calling .
ill come through the garden .
the doors stood open to the garden , the sunlight streaming in , revealing the last blooms of the season , rich golds , deep reds , bright yellows , outdoing themselves before colder weather hit .
at the end of the gardens , malin came to stand beside rilse , gazing toward the east forests that came almost to the towns edge .
he had no desire for food ; instead he went out in the back gardens once more , while malin and basil dined .
as before , karis headed out into the back garden , with rilse padding after him .
the garden lily , dedicated to a great aunt of mine who passed away from the same incurable illness i have , is spread out in front of us and we cut through , walking over the mini hedge maze to get to the other side .
calista stops in front of me and points to the statue of my great aunt in the garden .
the hall i was running down was taller and i was trying to find the door that would let me out to the garden .
i pulled weeds in our garden , i scrubbed floors , washed windows , did errands for nona , washed the minivan , you name it , i was the resident cinderella .
here on okawii there is a division of labor : generally men fish and hunt , and women tend the garden and cook .
a few weeks ago i saw michael helping irene in their garden .
a number of the younger husbands have been helping in the gardens , and some of the wives go fishing with their men without any illnesses resulting .
it could have been pretty if it had nt been so totally destroyed but instead everywhere looked derelict , buildings torn to pieces with doors and windows hanging from frames ; barrels and chests strewn across gardens ; piled high with even more rubbish .
from here , she could nt make out much but it looked to be a garden or rather a fairytale garden like the ones she looked at in books when she was little .
from here , she could nt make out much but it looked to be a garden or rather a fairytale garden like the ones she looked at in books when she was little .
she followed him from the path all thoughts of the garden forgotten , and headed back to camp .
my name is maraleena ; i am a fairy sprite and guardian of the garden .
i have spent many years tending my garden and showing people the truths that they seek .
the feathers were lined along the walkway to the garden where maraleena was supposed to be , where we would find the truth .
now i must be getting back to my garden .
i d come in from the garden and saw them arguing .
* * * * * * cass was waiting for lizzie as she stepped out into the lush flower gardens at the rear of the castle , her amazement at her surroundings finally overshadow by the sheer pleasure of seeing him again , and as she bounded down the steps towards him , her face smiling with excitement , she was thrilled to see the large dragon smile back .
cass was waiting for them in the rooftop garden , his tail lazily swinging into the abyss below , a large picnic blanket laid out on the floor in front of him , and he smiled warmly as they approached , clearly enjoying the last warmth of the hot sun .
this time though they were nt taken to the council chambers but led through a beautiful rose garden , the sweet smell of summer filling their noses as they stepped onto a wide outdoor veranda .
and the words just came out without any spaces in between , like they were shooting out of a garden hose .
i view an oak tree and a flower garden from the third level , fingers the door .
at this point we are sitting on a bench near one of the cemetery gardens .
they exited at the end of the east wing into a garden surrounded by a high , brick wall .
i ran to answer it before dad came in from the garden and got there first or before kate began banging on the door which was more likely to happen .
mr serason stood in the garden pleased with his efforts , digging another section to the vegetable patch .
it had been hectic and he remembered julianne emerging from the garden later that day , holding a mangy flea bitten , filthy excuse for a cat .
i took it into the garden out of dads way and found a note inside to gran from someone called ' tad ' well that s what it looked like !
i took my hand from the door to let it close , then grabbed it just in time to see a tall boy wander through from the hall , he was moving away from me in the direction of the garden but for a split second before he turned and the door was about to close , i caught a glimpse of his face .
john serason came back in from the garden , boy did he feel stupid , tapping a fork against a tin of cat food and calling for alice .
in a second kroil had reached her , something is not right mistress , i sent the boy to keep watch from the garden , he attempted to signal but something blocked his attempt and he is no - where to be found , i knew he would weaken , a liability .
clarintor raised her sharp bony hand quickly , kroil flinched as he anticipated pain , she took his face in her hands and brushed her thin lips gently against his as she whispered , all is not lost , the pulse is weak but still here , we will check the garden , the boy must have seen something .
stanton was dumbstruck , he did nt know where to begin when there was an anguished cry from the garden , like a strangled cat , the air around them became icy cold , he turned to the door and shut it quickly , kate was by his side in a flash holding on to him tight , stanton what was that and why can i smell cherries ?
it was like looking at a movie set , this would have been a great place for hide and seek , probably would have wrecked the white sofas though with their muddy shoes from the garden .
she crawled from under the hedge and began sneaking down the side of her neighbours back garden , she climbed the fence at the end being careful not to make a sound and wake bandit the bull terrier that lived in the next garden .
she crawled from under the hedge and began sneaking down the side of her neighbours back garden , she climbed the fence at the end being careful not to make a sound and wake bandit the bull terrier that lived in the next garden .
helping herself to a pair of shorts and t - shirt she quickly changed out of her wet clothes , then she spied jols battered old trainers she used for the garden , they were left at the back door and would have to do , her reflection in the window cut a sorry sight but at least she was dry for now .
a smile creeps across my face as i remember how he would spend sunday in the garden with bill the old man from next door , dad had never took to gardening and had been happy to let bill lead the way .
i wish i had known all this a year ago when the fear inside took over at dave jinsons advances , scared of what he might do i had re - acted with unknown power , thrust him off me and tossed him aside against the stone wall of the garden .
i relived a memory , chasing birds in jols back garden , i recall that she did not like it when i brought her the gift of the kill .
alberta had no such gardens .
recently , i sat in a garden in b.c .
and wished that we had such a garden in alberta .
in addition , a large sign appeared on each property a wilizy public garden is opening this summer .
if you 'll pardon the pun , interest in the idea of a garden took root in each community .
within a couple of weeks , all the areas of the garden that the contractor wanted weeded had been cleared .
the garden is massive .
houses with white picket fences and colourful gardens .
he stood at the top of a red dirt slope at the edge of her property looking down on her garden and home .
there 's a garden past the crystal doors at the end of the long room .
but it is not a normal garden , for it only contains dried roses .
an eternal garden of dark red and black .
a garden guarding the one thing that keeps elizabeth alive .
i can see the wooden box in the middle of the small garden .
` ` but it is the only pain in the ass i am willing to die for '' she says looking at me and then at the wooden box in the middle of the garden .
i can see my mom working on the little garden we used to keep in the front yard and that we just forgot about after the accident .
a garden of dried roses .
she walks me through the garden , and as i cross it i understand what it means to her .
we reach the wooden recipient in the middle of the garden .
i prefer to carry a bible when i go to churchnot a garden hoe .
looks like he s been in his garden today , katie commented .
these are the last ones from my garden , but ill still have some growin in my greenhouses .
they seemed to be searching for something to kill it with though i rather doubted if either of them had any daggone garden tools in the trunk of their cars .
maybe there s a garden hoe out therewith a really big , freaking blade !
there were families taking pictures with the mickey shaped flower garden in front of the station as the background , and dizzys mom was reaching in her purse for her camera .
everyone go stand in front of the garden , she said excitedly .
since the dawn of humanity , she has been the caretaker of this garden .
the garden this tree stands in is a symbol of hope renewed for the souls that have come here from purgatory .
are you trying to tell me were in the garden of eden ?
this is nt the eve you re thinking of , and this garden is far from paradise .
his eyes were wide in awe of it and he was smiling , but not in a way that suggested he felt humbled by the beauty of the tree or the garden it resided in .
peyton blinked and suddenly found herself no longer looking at a giant apple tree , but a much smaller garden , somewhat darker , as though the sun had set some , but it was only due to the sudden disappearance of the light given by the enormous tree .
the final thing that peyton noticed about this girl was her brilliant green eyes , that seemed to sparkle under the light of this strange garden .
i briefly left the garden to get you some essentials .
she may have slept for the journey to the garden , but peyton was still beat .
it became my job to guide them from purgatory and into the garden .
so , if the garden was your punishment , why do you seem to enjoy it so much ?
here , at the edge of the garden , the green ends and tartarus begins .
i then have them help me tend to the garden .
death approaches azrael could see the green edge of the garden as he approached .
he knew peyton was in the garden .
azrael glared after her as she sped away back to the garden .
darius , i will take you both as far as the edge of the garden , but then no further .
once you are beyond the borders of the garden , you will have limited use of your powers returned to you , but as long as you are within the reach of tartarus , you wo nt be at full strength and you wo nt be able to use the void .
she crashed into the ground with such force , the trees of the garden all shook and dirt swirled around in the air .
digging his feet into the ground , ripping up the earth from the effort , darius forced the vortex to open , slowly , inch by inch , to the size of a small window , through which he could see the luscious green of the garden .
azrael slammed darius into the ground , now in the garden , where the reaper slowly exhaled , closed his eyes and did nt move .
he remembered the garden and watching her sleep .
you are actually still lying in the garden , bleeding from the wounds azrael inflicted on you .
they were back in the garden .
jack was the most prosperous of the relations , only a butcher but lucky to have made a bit of money at it ; he d got himself a nice car , a semi - detached with gardens front and back , and though mother had been getting her christmas meat off him for years he still charged her full whack , never once saving her a penny .
while he was away they tried to sympathise , recalling how they d each felt when favourite pets died , quoted fathers burying budgies and cats in back gardens , but the comparison was a little too tenuous for all but rose to be able to relate with mccreadys grief .
you can slip in and out without anyone noticing , down the back of the house , through the garden and into the alley . '
after beating her way through the garden and yanking back the rusted bolt on the gate virginia went to the corner of the street , to a point where she had a clear view down to the pier head .
through the opened window she took deep breaths of fresh air to steady herself , then clambered down the rope ladder and fought her way through the overgrown garden .
we stomp down the steps into the flower garden then the parking lot of ships .
he stops and studies the outside flower garden , exhaling .
the gardens contain flowers and vines of rainbow colors and aesthetic smells of living plants and small animals such as doves , pigeons , squirrels , and rabbits .
i hold ranns hand walking among the beautiful flower gardens behind the ugly agri castle .
lad picked the fresh mushrooms from their small garden within the castle walls .
i was practicing on the regular garden minerals which accidentally discovered gink form the ginkgo extract creating fizz .
my mind relaxs under the warm air inside glass garden patio under the beautiful romantic starry night .
why do you love to sing to me stories in the garden ?
i walked out of the room ; i knew jessinta would be waiting for me at the garden for music so i walked there and just as i expected , she was waiting for me .
as usual , at 7:30pm , jessinta was at the garden waiting for me to come so that we can sing together , though i felt s little bit feverish but i had to keep my words .
i ve taken the liberty of drawing a garden in front of the river , with the buildings in the background , among trees .
geese and swans graced the water , surrounded by lovely gardens on the river front .
she led the horse down the garden path to the road and stopped when she saw jamie emerge from the shadows .
in the meantime , ill cut through the back gardens and get joshua to help me to steal her purse .
he cut through the back gardens of several large homes and set more than one watchdog to barking as he charged through hedges and rows of bushes .
her sister 's wedding had taken place that afternoon in the garden terrace with the sun god playing witness as well as most of the city .
she knew her father had taken you to the garden , and she convinced one of the guards , her friend , to help .
her vegetable garden was vandalized last night .
do you remember a month ago when i snuck you out of the palace for a vacation at my manor , you went out to my gardens pick herbs for one of your potions ?
the park was a large garden in the main courtyard of kiki where many nobles and their families took a stroll .
the servants now surged over to find out what was going on , but gnat pushed past them and out the door leading to the kitchen gardens .
the kitchen gardens contained the orchard , the vegetable garden , and the herb garden that supplied so much food for the courtiers .
the kitchen gardens contained the orchard , the vegetable garden , and the herb garden that supplied so much food for the courtiers .
the kitchen gardens contained the orchard , the vegetable garden , and the herb garden that supplied so much food for the courtiers .
he dodged the servants that tried to jump out at him and maintained a firm grip on the heavy , slack bulk of pacaben , dragging him along through the garden .
at last , he reached the edge of the garden that pressed along the wall .
marlo blinked and imagined for a moment what it would be like , planting a garden at the abbey , peacefully reading a book in its library , maybe stealing away to some dark corner with a love - struck nun .
they crept along the perimeter of the main courtyard and , making sure that it was safe , set off along a garden path towards the side door of the wall .
meanwhile , zokla and papia had made it outside of the palace and trekked across the courtyard to the palace gardens , heading towards the hidden door in the wall that first gnat and then aman had used for their escapes .
kotak shook his head and turned away from the cup as he left the room , thinking that he might have a walk in the garden or somewhere , just to get away from that room he had spent so many long hours in .
she loved the library and had a pretty garden there , her favorite flowers were violets .
they soon found a lovely public garden and walked down the brick path , before veering off to smell the flowers and splash water on each other at the pond , laughing .
nobody else is in the gardens today and it is close to the castle , easy to get the captives over there .
as the battle raged on the palace grounds , the soldiers on both sides destroyed the gardens and falling soldiers splashed the water in the fountains .
sir pacaben and jobe fought beside each other at the gate , while aman and gnat fought in a rose garden , and so on .
a pavilion in the center of the garden , flocked by marble statues , showcased the classical forms of perfect soldiers , women , and kings .
yet hamil frowned for a moment as he stared at the painting , noting for the first time that , though the painter had created a perfect garden , he had still painted shadows in certain areas of this canvas .
hamil saw part of the irony in a way , that perhaps this painting could represent both sides of a human , a perfect garden that still held many shadows to mar this wonderful place .
there is a small garden off to the side and there are vines growing up the side facing the sun .
i search the bathroom and am relieved to find a full garden tub , and lots of girly smelling concoctions that look like soap or bubble bath .
i follow him through the training arena to what appears to be a small garden , it is overgrown and beautiful and reminds me of the kind of garden i always imagined i would have one day when i was a little girl .
i follow him through the training arena to what appears to be a small garden , it is overgrown and beautiful and reminds me of the kind of garden i always imagined i would have one day when i was a little girl .
i see master douglas sitting outside on a garden couch , wearing a black silk robe over red silk pajamas .
since shell never stop obsessing over it , we caved in and let her drag us out here after school , to the bayview mobile home garden , to talk to a psychic .
i wanted to find that question , the answers hidden on the colorful flowers that i used to gather in the garden .
i am , or maybe the sun was making me dizzy , though there were times when i saw them aroundspirits or ghosts , the ones hiding in my mothers garden , blinking among the shadows .
i m worried that if i disappear , no one will be able to take care of the garden that mother left me .
it was the gray - eyed boy from the garden , standing on top of the window .
for a second , i thought i was going to die , but that was where i noticed that it was the same creature at the garden .
the sunflower garden spirit .
she sat in the middle of a beautiful garden .
majestic colors ran from every part of the garden , like a colorful paradise .
when i stepped forward , i noticed that it was nt a place , but the garden she used to take care fourteen years ago .
we watched the birds fly around , circling the garden with their lovely tweets , while the flowers glowed brilliantly in the sunlight .
when i first built this garden , my mother was against it .
it was true , before i saw him in the garden , i ve been dreaming about a boy with dark hair .
what mother said might be true , but i m getting some realistic dreams , where i spend my time talking to my mother at the garden .
the sunflower spirit was near my garden , singing with the other flower spirits i saw lingering outside the mansion .
the garden spirits popped out from the bushes as i passed through them .
scar instantly hid behind the dim , vine garden as we peeked at the dining room .
images of my mother , her brown hair tied into a neat bun , showing me the katana at the garden .
then , thousands of garden spirits appeared , circling around us .
the garden spirits danced , and chimed something .
i wrapped my arms around myself , as i strolled around the garden that had been hibernating for a while .
i stood in the center of the garden , and practiced karate , stretching my arms and legs .
the garden spirits were nowhere to be found , hibernating , i guessed .
chapter 8 i sat on the garden bench , surrounded by indigo flowers near the trees .
birds chirped as they flew past the rushing water of the fountain , which stood in the middle of the garden .
she smiled weakly , and gazed to the parading garden spirits .
chapter 9 crows screeched passed us ; the garden spirits popped their heads out from the bushes , shivering in fear .
thick sets of black trees covered us , along with the snow burying the plants and the garden tools .
the garden spirits came out from all of their hiding places , putting everything back with small pressure .
sun , and she had brought several garden spirits with her .
she was trying to convince the garden spirits to help me .
sun , and the garden spirits closed their eyes in concentration , chiming sounds and singing in a melody tune .
the glowing light disappeared and the garden spirits danced in delight .
no , thank you for taking care of the garden .
the garden spirits had brainwashed him .
we were talking at her garden .
we met when she accidentally dropped her apples on my garden .
the garden caught my attention .
from time to time , i watched as you grew older , taught you some things as an older brother , and played tag every afternoon in the garden , and on the mornings , you practiced sword fighting with your mom at the backyard .
moms beautiful garden was now an empty dessert .
the inside of the mansion was much worse than the garden .
and it did , so i followed that little garden spirit you had , and it led me straight into marys underground laboratory .
while you were gone , i cherished mothers garden , learned sword fighting , and made to the top class .
frustrated , i planned to spar at the garden .
i missed the trees and the plants around our garden , as i paced the front door that was surrounded by an empty land .
i mumbled , recalling the garden spirits , and the happy faces of my friends .
i know , he read my face and we crossed the field , toward the trees and gardens .
green lights floated in the air , matching the shapes of garden spirits that popped behind the flowers .
i saw sun waving her leafy hand at me , along with flower spirits from the garden .
houses and gardens surrounded scar while he slid through the people crowding the area .
the memories exploded in my mindkens smileken being a good brotherand ken breathing when the garden souls healed his leg .
the garden spirits were back , and i could see sun waving her green leafy hands at me .
i do nt know if garden spirits can heal the dead , it would be impossible without the real stone .
the garden spirits started to dance and sprinkle some powders on kens body .
the garden spirits began to form a circle , and joined their hands together as they beamed brightly in the morning sun .
i kneeled in front of the garden spirits that circled me , tears of joy flooding my eyes .
the image of the baby , nearly falling from the metal racks of the hospital flashed my mindfollowed by dozens of images , when i helped healed scarstake care of the garden spirits homessaved a boy by killing his demon soul .
a kitchen garden filled most of the remainder of the clearing .
the roast was surrounded by platters filled with fresh bread slathered in butter , bowls of vegetables from the garden outside , and hard cheeses contributed by his guests .
we just met in the garden .
and even if you were a shrivelled up pink carrot , i always take good care of my garden .
i ve lost valuable minutes to train before picking vegetables from the garden to sell in town this week .
i cross rhodas colorful garden and look down at the leaves and intertwining vines .
our pocket of the forest only fits a one - room cottage , garden , fire pit and small shed .
he steps over the fence into our garden .
i turn the opposite direction of the garden and walk towards a large basin that sits a few dozen feet into the forest , hidden behind a cluster of bushes .
let me get yana from the garden and you can tell her the news .
he walks through the back door to the enclosed garden behind the workshop .
her auburn hair cascades like a waterfall down her back and her burgundy dress is caked with mud from the garden .
tucker claps me on the shoulder and leads everyone outside towards the garden where frost is already starting to form on the vegetable vines .
he replies from the garden .
we dismount behind tuckers workshop and enter through the door by the garden .
located in southwest magdiel , the castle is drawn here as a towering white structure with a large and colorful garden .
pulling my sword from my belt , i run to retrieve yana from the garden .
what used to be an impressive garden and promenade now holds the redemption barracks .
a few hundred men are scattered across this ancient garden taking a break from training , sharpening their weapons or perhaps discussing strategy the others .
botchee stomps into the manicured grass passed the pretty planted colorful flower garden .
the most stunning garden i had ever seen blanketed the front lawn .
at the front of the garden , an archway leading up the drive was covered with vines and yet more flowers .
they do nt have a nice garden like this , though , she said , waving her hand at the splendor in front of us .
and its much faster to go through their garden .
being in the garden was way more overwhelming than just seeing it .
i slowed down , enjoying the garden .
then i could stay here in the garden , sitting on the bench with the flowers .
carley knew where we were going , and all too quickly we were at the far side of the garden .
as we got further down the street and further away from the roths garden , my head started to clear up .
and yet here i was , visiting my friend and talking to her , and suddenly i could nt stop thinking about this random garden we d just walked through .
until that moment i d forgotten about the garden , but now the thought of it slammed back into my mind .
considering the reaction i had just had , i knew i should nt cut back through the garden , but my body told me there was no other choice , and every bit of me fizzed with excitement at the prospect of being among the flowers again .
the garden was much bigger than i remembered it , even though i had just been through it a little while ago .
with dismay , i realized that i was lost in the garden .
i no longer heard the barking of the frantic dog or worried about being lost in the garden .
he should have been furious that i might have ruined his garden .
chapter four after i d met holt roth , there was no way i was going back to up up and away through the roths garden , so i took the long way around through the streets .
then , to my great relief , nick gave us a ride home and i did nt have to worry about cutting back through the garden and running into the unsettling holt again .
i mean , its a nice house , but there s no garden .
at least , that s what i had thought until last night in the garden .
i was shocked to feel the same sensation of being pulled toward them that i d felt in the garden the night before , even though none of the three coming toward us was holt .
well , i guess not their upstairs and stuff , but their first floor is wide open , and of course their garden .
he d been nice the night before to lead me out of his garden and not be angry at me for upsetting his watchdog .
well get nick home and reunited with carley so she can beat him up or whatever she s planning on doing to him , then well go out to the garden and ill explain everything i can .
as holt pulled into his driveway i realized i d never gotten a good look at the front of his house ; it was mostly blocked by the garden .
my heart started thumping faster when i realized he was leading me into the garden .
it also explained how he had saved me so fast when that guy was about to fall on me and how he had known i was in his garden that first night .
i sat in the garden for a long time , staring at the bench holt had covered in flowers .
finally i got up and walked through the garden and back to the house .
i had nt used the shortcut through their garden since that first day , but at least now i knew why it had had such an effect on me .
it was the first time i d been out there since that fateful day with holt when he had told me everything i had wanted to know , but this time walking into the garden did nt make my heart race , nor did i feel disoriented .
between the dress , and the beautiful garden , and everyone dressed to perfection , and the music , and holt , i was nt sure anything in the world could make me happier .
everyone in the garden had scattered .
i could see the garden around me withering and dying from the cold .
the once - stunning garden of the roths had now become a crumpled , dead battleground .
the roths must have forced the winter queen out of the house and into the garden where her powers might be weaker .
i felt an almost physical stab to my chest as i realized that everything in the front garden was dead .
she has to work in the garden , and she calls both of my brothers little hellions and thinks they need to be closely looked after .
the good thing was , in the trunk , we found a small garden shovel .
the place shed brought them to was clearly meant to be a backyard , but aside from a rather well - kept vegetable garden it was so overgrown and filled with junk that it would probably work better as a sneak preview of civilizations inevitable demise .
she caught me stealing food from her vegetable garden , and when i tried to run away she called me back .
even though her dad had tried to hide it , going about his regular sunday chores of cleaning out the garage and clearing up the garden , chrissy thought he still seemed a little jumpy : particularly when shed come across him a number of times making whispered phone calls .
* their hearts fell as they ran into the houses small rear garden .
even though the cluttered mass of small trees , shrubs , bushes and rose arches , they could see that the garden was completely surrounded by a mix of high hedges , walls , and wooden fencing .
cutting behind a garden shed , they came to the end of the garden : an almost bare lawn , dominated by a gnarled apple tree .
he urgently withdrew his hands as the police officers charged into the bottom of the garden .
with any luck , he thought , they officers will still be edgily searching the bushes in the garden .
the garden back there ; it was the edingtons house , chrissy whispered back .
get ready to cut across the lawn and into someones garden again !
a policeman shouted from somewhere out in the rear garden .
the blast of a shotgun from the rear garden was immediately followed by the boom and rattle of the windows steel plates shaking and buckling .
he was looking towards the minute garden fronting an office block , but set back from the kerb .
at first , chrissy could nt understand his interest in the garden .
even so , most of the gardens and houses were dark .
what i saw there was a beautiful garden and an odd , rustic drum .
we get plenty of deer in these parts , especially ; in fact , they re a worse problem for our garden than the mountain folk .
i d never say to those mountain folk , come help yourself to my garden vegetables or fruit without paying for them .
my family and i put a lot of work into our garden .
there are fruit trees and winding paths all through the garden , with marble sculptures and carved stone benches scattered here and there .
beyond the garden , the stone wall is covered with climbing morning glories in six different colors ; those are kalendrias favorites .
what s still left for us in the garden .
it 's someone who forgets the garden .
it is our job to help the future avocadites remember the garden .
according to spring an avocadite is someone who is bitter because they forget the garden .
i do nt know what garden she means .
one was a picture of a garden of decaying avocados .
this is why , she said , remembering the image of a garden of decaying avocados , rey saw during the emdr session .
then he said to himself , the avocadites do nt care about what makes us human , what s still left for us in the garden .
what s still left for us in the garden of avocados is our uniqueness .
our backyard was filled with fruit trees , grass , flowers and a vegetable garden .
i set my body butter next to my bed and massaged some lotion on my hands as i sat on the bed , fantasizing about working out in the garden and meeting the community .
i enjoyed working on the garden , and decorating my home , and decided to hold out on finding a job .
sae - rim had been out in the garden and had n't heard the commotion in the house until she neared the back door .
i 'll sleep in the gardens sometimes , but if i can pull a mattress here or there , that 's what i ' m gunna do ! ''
the roads all had disgusting names , like dream garden plaza and log bottom place .
no wonder they named a street dream garden !
this is my favorite rock , she said , pointing at a picture of a flat boulder in a garden , next to an artificial waterfall .
if anyones outside in the garden , call them in .
part of me felt like i was being ridiculous , because i d grown up in this town and literally the worst thing that had ever happened was some stolen garden tools .
it reminds me of the rusty iron pot covered in clumps of raw earth that uncle pete dug up out of his garden .
james days in annabelles love garden are over .
she felt safer as soon as she entered the garden .
luna stood up and started walking around the garden , pacing back and forth like a caged beast .
when they were so high that the land looked like a garden plot , the eagle said , look !
` ` how about the public garden ? ''
jetta picks up her pace , taking longer steps down the wide - paved path threading through the garden .
` ` the public garden is not like every other park .
` ` just head to the garden .
i should zip over to the public garden and follow izzie 's instruction but a part of me dreads it .
10:36 a.m. across from the public garden , i trudge up to the storefront .
` ` after the gardner , we can go down to the public garden . ''
eventually the more sombre colours gave way to pleasant greenery as they turned into parkside gardens , but this did little to lift angelica 's spirits .
the tour began with a visit to the royal gardens , which had been given over largely to the cultivation of various moulds and some very impressive cave fungi .
and did i tell you about the royal gardens , it was like a great big forest , but with giant mushrooms instead of trees .
pastry made from the finest bone flour , stock flavoured with two hundred year old puffball brandy , vegetables from the kings own garden , and of course the topsiders themselves .
on the left is a garden tub perfect for a long soak , and a dual sink setup with a framed mirror .
she looked at the flower garden , and her face lit up .
dressed in a black sweat suit with a hood over his head , he worked in the flower garden caring for the plants .
he had just watered the garden with the hose and the walk was slightly wet .
they got a cart and proceeded to the outdoor garden area .
when he got to the garden , he dropped his bag in a small act of defiance and went right to work .
do you realize how much joy you ve brought into our lives with that garden out front ?
i was on my way out front to do some work in the flower garden .
and although they put me to work in their garden , i believe they were the real gardeners working on me , helping me blossom into the man who stands before you now .
and it is my hope that many more will waltz into this garden and experience the miracles that happen in this place .
cause you do n't really want to do anything about that far away ghetto problem , preferring to limit your interest to an occasional comment when you 're chatting with your golfing buddies or snipping roses at the garden club .
i also learned that dimensions , having not a lot of concrete information surrounding them , could be interpreted in a garden variety .
within her first few words he had in his hands the garden shovel he had brought inside and placed within easy reach .
* * * * * * mairo spoke to him less after the incident with the garden shovel , and he saw the change in her eyes .
she felt him in his back yard , working in his garden .
beyond it , a driveway of new asphalt was divided by a string of beautiful flower gardens .
even in the day - time when he tried to speak of some sparkling new idea as she gardened , she would not stop to listen , but said , i find truth in the soil of our garden and the flowers and vegetables , my love , not in some book .
one day at dawn calibur left his wife planting out cabbages in the dew - laden garden while he went to the market in a nearby town , desperate to sell his stockpile of experimental swords , wrapped carefully in rags .
i m off to water the cabbages , and she ran off into the garden , slamming the door .
before he left , rosa gave him provisions , and rosehips from the roses in the garden .
i will wait for you nevertheless , she whispered at last , and went back to the garden .
he had a good store of dried duck - meat and fruits from rosas garden , apricots and raisins and nuts ( and the rosehips ) , and there was dry wood in the ancient straggly firs that clung to the mountainsides .
he was thinking of rosa now , and her garden , and wishing he could walk with her in it once more .
but he kept thinking about gardens and life , and the divine goodness of it , though admittedly imperfect , unlike the platonic solids .
as in a dream he saw there was a beautiful garden in the valley , and in the garden was a beautiful woman , sowing seed .
as in a dream he saw there was a beautiful garden in the valley , and in the garden was a beautiful woman , sowing seed .
then she handed him a spade , saying , if i feed you now , you must promise to use this spade every day , and dig my garden and make it bigger , or we will both starve .
he found it pure delight to dig the perfect womans garden for her and help her plant her rye and her carrots and cabbages .
surely not just tending this garden !
back to top 5 rosas ruin the valley of the perfect woman ( whose name was gwynneth ) was on the far side of a great sweep of the mountains , and calibur was footsore and homesick long before he saw the familiar folds of land opening before him and finally his home village , with his old smithy up a short path , and beyond it the path over gentle hills to the cottage and the gardens that rosa had tended with such love .
for they said she turns down all suitors and lives alone , and keeps a black cat , and gardens and grows herbs and mandrakes amidst the cabbages .
one night there was a terrible wind and hail , which passed through the whole village , and not one house or garden was left undamaged , and what was left of the crops was destroyed .
but rosas garden was untouched .
still , sometimes he prayed in secret to the goddess for the return of rosa , and he tried to live a balanced life , between the hot noisy forge and the cool leafy garden of herbs and roses and cabbages , which he had replanted .
it is part of that world which the book of the priests calls the garden of eden , and there the magic of life is not dimmed , and war does not ravage it , and there if i may speak of it the very tree of life still stands .
avalon itself was but a part of a larger world , a place remembered by some on earth as the garden of eden .
and he helped rosa in the garden whenever he could , and made her a fox - proof and weasel - proof duck run , and they planted an orchard together , and later they had a boy , and he bit his sister on the ankle , so they named him chiseller .
afterwards they had two more children , and they fed them all from the abundance of the garden and the orchard .
they showed her the garden and orchard and the ducks , and feasted with her in the cottage , and night fell , and they put zurcra to bed .
the coffee table had a vase with some glass flowers in it and two issues of better homes and gardens and a greenpeace newsletter .
i saw that it must have rained that morning because the dirt in kates garden was dark and there was a wet spot in the driveway in the shape of a skateboard wheel .
he held up a pair of garden shears , slamming the blades together to demonstrate .
patrick could just imagine reagan signing the act into law in a rose garden ceremony .
the bible also says that when adam and eve were thrown out of the garden of eden , god put up a gate to stop anyone ever getting near it again .
the bible says , and he placed at the east of the garden of eden cherubims , and a flaming sword that turned every way , to keep the way of the tree of life .
god , the omnipotent creator of the universe , ca nt find a man in a garden hidden by a tree and a fig leaf !
after scanning the array of signs , she eventually found one in english and was surprised to find she was outside the garden of gethsemane .
craning her neck and standing on tiptoes , she looked beyond the gate and into the garden itself .
what should a two - thousand year old garden look like ?
ok , so what did you find out about the trees from the garden of eden ?
almost on cue , the lights in the garden around them and those in the buildings surrounding their walkway went dark .
were in jerusalem and i ve seen the garden of gethsemane .
bullets tore through the air , as louisa raced across the small garden .
rows of single - story , cream - painted , terracotta tiled houses , each with grass - covered gardens and winding stone pathways , spread out before them .
the open - plan lounge spread out toward a kitchenette backing onto a fenced garden visible through french doors .
the snows melted and a lush garden grew in its fertile valleys .
well , i ve had to be creative in my assessment , but i think the ever living garden it refers to is the tree of life , and i think the next part is where you can find it .
her mother irene , frequently pointed out to andrea that she would dive into one project after another , disappearing into her room to read a book , or out in the back of the garden making nests for tree frogs .
dorian looked back at the house , shuddering as he thought about the four corpses lying throughout the house and garden .
` ` it ... it rolled down to the garden . ''
rainbow trout , poached in red wine with a double cream and red wine sauce ; served with new potatoes and a selection of fresh garden vegetables .
they may be pounds , shillings , or pence , but only the numerical value is required archer tanner a pair of green knickers groat monkey trey rhino bag of sand loaf macaroni commodore garden job tom marigold bar kibosh flag plum yeah , it still leaves us with a bit of work to do , but i know some of these , without checking .
i can add eight pounds for garden ; garden gate , eight .
i can add eight pounds for garden ; garden gate , eight .
selah was outside her house , it was a beautiful day , her moms gardens were blooming here already , the dazzling colors and smells filled selah`s senses , she would be here she just knew it .
caleb was surprised at the sudden change surrounding him , he thought she was imagining things ; they were in a huge flower garden he saw a pretty petite women sitting on a rock , staring into a pond at some colorful fish .
i staggered off to the edge of the garden and sat on a rock ledge , unsure whether i was going to puke or pass out .
an extract from solomon seemed a clear reference to ritas unravelling : a garden enclosed is my sister , my spouse ; a spring shut up , a fountain sealed .
an what i remember bein told was that the three of you you , alf and johnathon stayed in the beer garden !
they re dangerous , these ol sugar - tongues ; lead you down all kinds o garden paths .
like refusing to water your garden because you ve dreamed the rain godsre going to do it for you .
he remembered her wearing them as she worked in the garden long ago , way before the cancer dwindled her bones .
ed had been up since six , and was about to go out and set stakes in the garden .
he went out to the garden .
after weeding and mulching the garden all morning , ed came in at noon .
he passed one end of the garden and spotted a cabbage that needed picking .
a few fathoms below lay the garden .
the world needs the labor of common men ; else , who would trim the hedges in the gardens of the rich ?
an airy walkway of red pointed arches led into a garden : blossoming pink myrtles , purple saffron crocus , fig trees and date palms combining into an intoxicating aroma .
silvio burst into the garden , and went white : almost as white as flora .
before she wandered into the garden she had been lost she had no one , she had gone hungry in the horrible streets .
still , they did exist , meeting in catacombs or cemeteries or the spice gardens of the west side .
harvesting these aquatic gardens combined the best of agriculture and engineering .
very funny , ariel said to gadreel , as the group followed him out into the garden .
situated within the top of mount kol is a beautiful garden centered on the prime trees , fronted by an immense sea of crystalline water .
the garden is filled with a light that is so bright , and yet so peaceful .
there were a large number of cherubim present in the garden , some bringing messages from the battle with others leaving to carry out specific orders .
she had watched serpents fly through the garden before , but had never seen one eating , and stole forward a few more steps .
these were quiet streets just off the centre , with old buildings and ancient trees in small gardens .
the weather had been windy and cold that spring , it often rained , and kira came home with her feet wet after her walks in the garden .
eleonora asked for the wheelchair to take the girl outside , for a walk in the garden .
the tables were laid out in the garden and decorated with candles , their flickering light reflecting in the crystal glasses .
the two of them could be left in the garden for hours , the grandmother rocking the pram gently if the child started crying .
vadim decided to linger in the little garden at the front of the building , hoping that svetlana would like to spend some time there on such a lovely day he wanted to talk to her in a less official atmosphere .
it was quite warm there , in the little sun trap formed by the sheltered garden , and vadim felt nice and relaxed .
you see , i often sit here in the garden and you would be surprised at how many people come to talk to me !
the hotels in that part of sochi were grandiose , with columns and mosaic floors , and gardens planted with palm trees and exotic flowers .
eleonora was trying to pack the body in a big plastic bag , which was normally used for the garden rubbish .
there was no garden , no goat for milk .
rising higher into the sky , the fiery orb now shone on the smaller limestone and marble houses with pools , garden statuary and courtyards .
that night , after dinner with his family , he sat alone in their courtyard garden on a bench of cool marble , staring at the stone walk .
later that evening , after medra and vadi had been put to bed , ketzah went out in the garden with his parents .
shortly after edak returned to his family , after the happy reunion and catching up of local news , of reacquainting himself with the goats and the garden , and after a wonderful nights sleep surrounded by family , edak and seven - year old klad went out to enjoy the bustle of the town .
* * it was nt long after that day , when ketzah and atel sat on a wooden bench in the temple garden .
through the years , atel had noticed how ketzah loved gardens and growing things .
with the lads new intensity of purpose , he allotted him a small garden of his own in a sunny part of the courtyard .
and so , during his free times , rather than visiting with friends or daydreaming or napping , he chose to be in the garden .
his garden became vibrant .
you love gardens and you re good at it .
seratl ti thought of this now as he watched the lad , busy at work in the garden tending to a plot of medicinal plants .
seratl ti squatted by the garden and picked a mint leaf .
by the time the vessel had crossed the sea , gone up the river and docked at his village in mu , he had planned precisely where his herb garden would be , in a place near his mothers house .
while ogra kept busy making pottery , which she sold for items she did nt grow , klad worked in the garden and milked the three goats , for the table and for income .
neighbors watched him in his gardens and came to him with headaches , cramps , fevers , infections , edema , coughs , catarrh , or just for a general tonic .
no , not in my garden !
let us check to see how much of the garden is damaged .
edak squatted in his garden .
califia usually took a nap in the shade of her lodge during the torrid afternoons , but shed been troubled of late and took her anguish to her favorite spot , the garden .
please , bring them here to the garden .
his eyes found califia , then glanced away lest she think him rude , then swept across the expanse of the garden , appreciating the beauty all about .
he quietly left the garden and califia cupped the steaming vessel with her hands to smell the herbal aroma .
i suggest you go back to your garden .
you re always praying or studying or working in the garden when we come here .
he motioned for his sons to move the marble garden statue , nearly as big as they , to the far end of the yard , near the cliff that hung over crashing waves below .
how good it would be to have a fruit drink to sip , to stroll in her garden .
i found an olive garden and sat at the bar drinking wine , eating garlic bread and looking blankly at the tv unable to think or react .
i have a garden and a banya .
the small houses where painted in bright colors and all seemed to have big gardens .
all i did back there was to defend myself and my garden from hostile trespassers .
get the telephone and bring it over here to me and then go on outside and work on the garden .
the garden needed to be weeded and i spent the rest of the day out there .
that evening i was using the cub to disc up the garden .
we had planted turnip greens next to the garden and they needed to be pulled so they would n't go bad .
i was absolutely dirt poor and living on turnips and turnip greens that i sneaked out of the garden and ate raw and they were n't going to keep me going .
i have a garden out back and grow cabbages and tomatoes and such .
i am not a medical expert like you her good friend pusa had said after a few cocktails in the oriental 's splendid garden bar overlooking the river but from what you ve told me there is a good chance that this man is nt going to make it out of hospital .
a continued interest in the garden materialised into that of a nurseryman , landscape gardener and grower of in ground trees .
queenslander style of homes of timber set onto stumps with a galvanised roof , verandas along three sides , and room for a garden with a big tree somewhere .
plant uses and garden profiles came naturally to him .
it was a place of yin and yang , five element balance , and that of chi , a place where auspicious energies react with inauspicious energies , and a place of spiritual attachment if the garden was in visualised as that of chi .
all you think about is your plants and gardens that belong to other people , where do i fit into this ?
there were the holidays and children , a home and garden , the sharing of a bed and table , togetherness ; but possibly unfulfilled and remote .
wil thought about his schooling , parents , meeting betty , their children , home and garden , his landscape architectural practice and that of contentment .
today , its remains bear witness to those bombings and hand - to - hand fighting within its confines , but also witness to days of grandeur and nobility and ornate gardens , now present in some ways to display something of the palaces one time magnificence .
working his way through his collections of books to take back to the relocatable to read he noticed some on balinese and asian gardens including made wijavas , tropical garden design .
working his way through his collections of books to take back to the relocatable to read he noticed some on balinese and asian gardens including made wijavas , tropical garden design .
wil thought i 'd like to look at his compound gardens and some of his jobs in bali .
wil did n't tell pam about gardens and landscapes being the reason for the trip , but hoped she would be happy to walk along the boardwalk or lounge beside the pool .
pam and wil talked about their holiday with the manager of the park and wil told them something about his background , and training , and interest in going to bali to look at balinese gardens and landscapes .
next day wil contacted pj wijava 's office and arranged to visit his gardens accompanied by pam .
the man himself is not present , but his gardens were and identified themselves as balinese , an image in their spiritual and tropical influences , and unconstrained boundaries that balinese gardens emit .
the man himself is not present , but his gardens were and identified themselves as balinese , an image in their spiritual and tropical influences , and unconstrained boundaries that balinese gardens emit .
an employee of the office invited wil and pam to accompany him and showed them landscapes made wijava designed and constructed , including the grandeur and excellence of the four seasons and the now aging gardens of the bali hyatt at sanur .
they were taken up to ubud to inspect a garden of made wijava now converted into rental accommodation .
these gardens were a profusion of colour and shapes , lush and green and the image of a tropical ambience with not much effort , simple to construct landscapes and very effective .
a treat was a private garden set into four or so acres owned by a wealthy american wine merchant who used it personally and for use by business associates .
but the spiritual side of the gardens slipped by wil for he was n't ready to receive them .
for this part of the world was for retirees who gardened for themselves as a recreation and exercise , and preferring to go and build a garden on their own without the need of someone like wil to possibly push them into a vision they had no connection with .
maybe he would be better moving to the entrenched eco - consciousness of bellingen where its residents are more likely to embrace the ideas of outsiders and willing to experiment in their gardens , and maybe create places of grandeur and intimacy , and of creation .
wil decided to go to japan in march , to kyoto and its temple gardens , to places of buddha and zen and landscapes different to those in bali , and landscapes of timeliness .
he did nt know one word of japanese and visiting the temple gardens over his limited time is going to rely on a schedule of visiting this place or area one day , visiting its temples on foot , and the next day elsewhere in kyoto visiting temple gardens located there .
he did nt know one word of japanese and visiting the temple gardens over his limited time is going to rely on a schedule of visiting this place or area one day , visiting its temples on foot , and the next day elsewhere in kyoto visiting temple gardens located there .
the internet search back in australia suggested a visit to the four gardens owned by the japanese royal family , these available only by ticket , so organising his visit seemed the best thing to do next morning .
the tickets were his to do the four imperial temple gardens with his name and date stamped upon them .
so monday and tuesday were to be taken up by visiting four temples gardens located within palaces or retreats still owned by members of the japanese imperial royal family .
they did their thing that saturday , another bus , long walks and visiting temple gardens and wils camera taking off as it loaded images of extraordinary gardens and places .
they did their thing that saturday , another bus , long walks and visiting temple gardens and wils camera taking off as it loaded images of extraordinary gardens and places .
the temple gardens of kyoto are really a must thing to do for the serious gardener sometime in their life and also for the budding or adventurous landscape architect who is interested in the temple gardens evolution , design , functioning , preservation , history , and relationships the plants of each garden have with each other , for they ever seem in harmony , leading their contented life within controlled environments .
the temple gardens of kyoto are really a must thing to do for the serious gardener sometime in their life and also for the budding or adventurous landscape architect who is interested in the temple gardens evolution , design , functioning , preservation , history , and relationships the plants of each garden have with each other , for they ever seem in harmony , leading their contented life within controlled environments .
wil took it all in from the sidelines , and continued his stroll looking at the gardens of restaurants and galleries of gion , mingling with kyoto people on a sunny sunday and loving it .
it was a day of people mixing with other people , families , boyfriends and girlfriends , and temple gardens and some gardens expressing themselves as zen in miniature , set within courtyards to quaint restaurants and perfectly cooked meals , sitting with them on stone benches while having a cool drink .
it was a day of people mixing with other people , families , boyfriends and girlfriends , and temple gardens and some gardens expressing themselves as zen in miniature , set within courtyards to quaint restaurants and perfectly cooked meals , sitting with them on stone benches while having a cool drink .
his lunch in a restaurant found by walking past dozens until he found one with the perfect garden and courtyard , there to sit alone with a drink and a meal and watch japanese people and fish in a pond as the midday sun arched overhead .
for sunday is also the day japanese people and their families come out and meet , lunch and visit gardens or their favourite place , to sit somewhere to talk and take in the atmosphere of so many people doing the same thing .
visiting gardens of zen and of a japanese art form , each different , but pronounced in form and structure , and adherence to the site and scale they fitted into .
he saw a blending of the landscape with the buildings and probably something gardens have witnessed since their inception , centuries before .
monday and tuesday saw wil being introduced as a member of a small group visiting imperial gardens of extreme mastery in the architecture of nature , gardens such as the sento gosho , the katsura rikyu and shugaruin rikyu .
monday and tuesday saw wil being introduced as a member of a small group visiting imperial gardens of extreme mastery in the architecture of nature , gardens such as the sento gosho , the katsura rikyu and shugaruin rikyu .
but , after another half dozen on wednesday , wil felt he needed a break for he was being ' temple - gardened - out ' and losing interaction or willingness to continue ticking them off his list of gardens he felt he had to visit .
friday and no gardens but now accomplished in handling kyotos public transport system , he found himself taking a bullet train ride to hiroshima , its atomic bomb site and memorials .
before he left japan , wil caught a train down to nara , an ancient city of parks , trees and gardens , and something of buddhism .
no problem anymore for finding a ryokan for a couple of nights ; close to food bars or restaurants and wil was able to walk naras parks and gardens for a day or two .
one such garden was going to alter wils life in some way .
its known as the isuien garden and once belonged to a japanese merchant who built a garden to complement his home and service his family and invited guests .
its known as the isuien garden and once belonged to a japanese merchant who built a garden to complement his home and service his family and invited guests .
he entertained within his garden and its courtyards , and they were quaintly attached to an ancient wooden home .
wil wandered into this garden by chance , alone , stumbling on to it on the way to its neighbour , the yoshikien garden located next door .
wil wandered into this garden by chance , alone , stumbling on to it on the way to its neighbour , the yoshikien garden located next door .
he walked through an arch and found himself to be alone , no one hindering him from taking a stroll in the garden and to a seat located at its far end .
we are the spirits of the garden .
we are of the spirits of the garden , or something like that .
we are of the spirits of the garden , and these words were coming to him from all things within the garden .
we are of the spirits of the garden , and these words were coming to him from all things within the garden .
wil left that garden thinking i ' m going to return , but first to look at the garden next door then walk up to the todaiji temple .
wil left that garden thinking i ' m going to return , but first to look at the garden next door then walk up to the todaiji temple .
he did get up to the todaiji temple , and largest wooden structure in the world , but time never let him return to that place of garden spirits as wil had to collect his bag from the ryokan , have some lunch , and catch a bus to osaka and the flight back to australia .
summer when the gardens are shaded and dry and mosses retreating , then a visit during autumn when the colour and fall of leaves transcend towards the earth , and finally , a fourth visit during the depths of winter as snow carpets the ground , and ice forms in the pools .
basically , spring , summer , autumn and winter ; four visits , same gardens , but four moods , and that of the responses to the season and each gardens behaviour reflecting and adapting to that of the season .
basically , spring , summer , autumn and winter ; four visits , same gardens , but four moods , and that of the responses to the season and each gardens behaviour reflecting and adapting to that of the season .
but , also something to reflect the timeliness of these gardens , their design catering for all seasons and ensuring their visual harmony remains in place .
also something of their creators and thoughts of the builders ensuring the gardens evolved in accordance to the season and their visual harmony remaining intact .
climate has so much to do with the shaping and functioning of any garden and a gardens mood reflects those climatic influences .
climate has so much to do with the shaping and functioning of any garden and a gardens mood reflects those climatic influences .
surely , there are other sides to a garden !
the dynamics of a garden lie within its moods and those moods are available to its user , and the user adapts or responds in their moods to suit the aura and energy of that place .
connectedness is the essence of a garden visit or experience .
while another reference wil looked into , gil hales , the feng shui garden , suggesting the garden as a place of chi , influenced by its yin and yang and five element balance and our receptiveness to it is influenced by chi 's response to yin and yang and its five element balance relationships .
wil said he was and roslyn wanted to know if he was interested in designing a garden for a client of hers .
the owners had little capital to spend on a garden , but wanted a design they could work to in stages .
wil could n't care about the money , for it was a chance to marry yin with yang and getting the gardens five element balance right , and he had read on a website , do the garden , on the curve .
wil could n't care about the money , for it was a chance to marry yin with yang and getting the gardens five element balance right , and he had read on a website , do the garden , on the curve .
the sad part about it is the garden on wils drawing never materialised other than a curved gravel pathway leading to the front door .
the couple may have started using wils plan , but they were influenced with what other neighbours did , and abjectly followed them , not seeing or realising wils garden of feng shui and harmony would have become the template for the street and neighbourhood .
the gardens were overgrown , but his uncle had a huge vegetable patch on some vacant land beside the cottage .
i want to give the garden life , character and let have its own spirit , probably something of the east , zen or balinese .
no , wil was crossing over to an understanding of chi , yin and yang , feng shui in the garden and landscape .
that type of reasoning is okay , as the gardens of sri lanka including works and designs of geoffrey bawa , a hero of wils from architectural days , and bawas philosophy to design with nature ; his works in sri lanka became a must to be seen .
he wanted to look at gardens and the gardens created by skilled artisans of 600 to 700 years ago ; these were able to be fed by elaborate irrigation systems drawing water from moats .
he wanted to look at gardens and the gardens created by skilled artisans of 600 to 700 years ago ; these were able to be fed by elaborate irrigation systems drawing water from moats .
it was a historic site , but he had n't read about it enough to appreciate what it would offer , the garden no more ; drought and ravages of time influencing and hiding their original purposes , so he moved on .
kandy botanical gardens was a garden wil wanted to see and he was disappointed he missed geoffrey bawa 's landscape and the architectural wonderment of the kandalama hotel , a hotel stretching one kilometre from end to end and designed to fit into the landscape with minimal disturbance with its images of the curve waves .
kandy botanical gardens was a garden wil wanted to see and he was disappointed he missed geoffrey bawa 's landscape and the architectural wonderment of the kandalama hotel , a hotel stretching one kilometre from end to end and designed to fit into the landscape with minimal disturbance with its images of the curve waves .
kandy botanical gardens were nt bad botanical gardens , for wil had seen few .
his botanical garden exploits were limited to mount coot - tha botanical gardens located within the next suburb from where he lived with betty .
his botanical garden exploits were limited to mount coot - tha botanical gardens located within the next suburb from where he lived with betty .
his narrow life only taking him to one botanical garden and he was a landscape architect !
the gardens expressed something of control and maybe the influence on construction reflecting british times and that of the english garden and formality , a control of natural expression .
the gardens expressed something of control and maybe the influence on construction reflecting british times and that of the english garden and formality , a control of natural expression .
wil had become converted to the garden on the curve for its naturalness of chi flow and a garden that mimicked nature by conforming to the landscapes natural qualities on offer .
wil had become converted to the garden on the curve for its naturalness of chi flow and a garden that mimicked nature by conforming to the landscapes natural qualities on offer .
he visited nuwara eliya botanical gardens and found them in restoration .
bawa 's genius impressed wil and he was looking forward to seeing bawas home and garden outside of bentota .
you can share it with my caretaker , my friend , and share the birds and monkeys in its gardens .
my friend , my personal driver will take you to geoffrey bawa and his brothers garden , bevis bawa , and my driver will introduce you as my friend .
firstly they went to the brief garden or bevis bawa 's garden about 5 to 10 km over twisting lanes and across running creeks , steamy hills and valleys , jungle and sticky heat , coming at last to a narrow winding lane entry .
firstly they went to the brief garden or bevis bawa 's garden about 5 to 10 km over twisting lanes and across running creeks , steamy hills and valleys , jungle and sticky heat , coming at last to a narrow winding lane entry .
a ticket bought to enter from a lady who cared for the place and wil found himself ensconced within a garden of extreme character .
it was once jungle land which was claimed by brief bawa and the garden set within its boundaries , knowing if it became unattended , the garden would return to the jungle .
it was once jungle land which was claimed by brief bawa and the garden set within its boundaries , knowing if it became unattended , the garden would return to the jungle .
but as such it made perfect use of the slopes , for terraces of garden beds had been set out to stroll beside , including some lawn areas , seating of course and a stream of some sort working its way down through the garden set within a stand of native trees indigenous to the area , the stream adorned by lilies , grasses and shrubs .
the garden was nt vast in area but sculptured upon the hillside and at its birth or inception , needing huge amounts of effort to cut back the jungle and replace it with lawns , terraces , stone embankments , pathways and figurines scattered throughout .
brief bawa was at home in this garden , it responding to his flair for architectural fantasy .
yet the garden image was something grand to be enjoyed by brief and the famous and well - known people who used to come and stay here .
a gentle garden , mature but ever threatened by the encroaching jungle .
maybe the sri lankan governments help would be needed to keep the jungle at bay and preserve this gardens heritage .
lunuganga , he asked and wil not understanding said , yes , hoping the driver was going to geoffrey bawa 's garden , and wondering he might be just taking him back to the guesthouse .
a phone call or two was needed at the gate which led up a steep drive and entry this time by a man who was the gatekeeper and carer for this garden and home .
wil visiting one , then the other , being studios and places to sleep , realising they were guest rooms for those who want to stay in the garden here overnight or longer .
the man left to attend another visitor and wil was able to wander down steps to the lawn below , a pathway winding through trees to another terrace that led down to the lake itself and grid of grass flagstones , then onto a seating area where wil noticed the energies of the garden and lake were elevated and of auspicious chi .
this place to wil was the nucleus of the garden he had seen so far , and thought bawa would have come here alone .
reaching the veranda and wil was again offered a cup of tea ; soon he was settling back into an armchair and enjoying life for a few moments in a place where its owner and builder had converted the rubber plantation home and its surroundings over 50 years before his death , a property still being cared for unlike his brother , briefs garden which seems to be struggling .
geoffrey bawa had used the strength of nature 's elements to create his garden .
it was a garden of no flowers , only of plants and lawn and trees positioned and used to create scenes to view rather than touch .
wil came away from the garden satisfied the reasons for his trip to sri lanka had been met , and thinking geoffrey bawa 's spirit was present as he stood beside that same chair and table used by bawa for his breakfast .
wil was sure that those spirits are also within brief bawa 's garden , the spirits of the bawas and donald friend remain .
bawa 's garden came back to him and he felt ensured those in charge of briefs garden would bring it back to vitality , and one day if he comes into money , he will go back and spend a few days in geoffrey bawa 's house in one of the rooms which had been converted for accommodation .
bawa 's garden came back to him and he felt ensured those in charge of briefs garden would bring it back to vitality , and one day if he comes into money , he will go back and spend a few days in geoffrey bawa 's house in one of the rooms which had been converted for accommodation .
his interest to get back into landscape architecture began to emerge and ideas passed through his head about gardens , whirling and reflecting tropical themes of the east , a bit of zen if the client wanted it and feng shui incorporated , naturally .
he thought about bali again and revisiting those gardens , but alone and taking his camera and thought he 'd clue himself up in their spirituality and culture and while there spend time in java to gain a better understanding of islamic people .
why do n't you think about it on your next journey , how to find the spirits of a garden , as a gardener would .
you could make your contribution by joining those who garden , with their garden .
an inner part of themselves become attached to their garden , and not those building some type of temple or shrine ; just something simple , like a seat to sit upon .
maybe i ' m spoilt , thought wil , by places i ' ve visited and temples and gardens such as bagan and angkor , where i visited alone and was able to reach across for the connection .
they found the temple after travelling along a long laneway and small stores and unkempt gardens and half maintained vegetable plots .
this time to relax and meditate about his journeys and again visit gardens , only this time to photograph and take notes on styles and ideas he can copy .
visiting resort styled gardens lining the promenade and beyond , returning at night to notice their chi resonating and becoming elevated through strategically placed lighting which bounced light off embellishments , plants and pathways to help create a true balinese ambience .
their ease of purchase and cheapness make it so easy to create gardens of wonderment .
bali is an ideal place to create the instant garden .
filtering the sun is important in the tropical garden , but not saturating the site with too much shade and dampening its chi .
colour is also important in the balinese garden ; free open colours in their reds , yellows , blues and whites , strong vibrant colours to invoke life and not saturating the site with too much colour to confuse the eye .
the garden also a place for contentment and connection , so it 's yin or feminine side is maintained .
but many gardens to wil 's eyes , were old gardens , poorly maintained , tired and their chi waning .
but many gardens to wil 's eyes , were old gardens , poorly maintained , tired and their chi waning .
tropical gardens need regular maintenance and refurbishment , possibly more so than cooler climate gardens or those containing deciduous trees .
tropical gardens need regular maintenance and refurbishment , possibly more so than cooler climate gardens or those containing deciduous trees .
grouping and clustering shrubs to lock them together in profusion is a common landscape theme of tropical balinese gardens , ensuring the mixtures of shapes , colours and form , including positioning , evokes a sense of mystery and complexity .
wil enjoyed the design and complexity of the resort gardens .
he thought he was well equipped to flout his new - found ideas , especially reinventing or rejuvenating tired resort gardens using his developing ideas about chi flow and enhancement .
no garden to care for , no lawn to mow , mail box was full , but nothing of consequence and betty still not going to the solicitors , if the mail was any answer .
for yin is in dominance symbolised through the cloud cover and the overbearing greens and wood visible through the foliage of the gardens , the trees of the valley and cloaked mountains .
it can be in our garden and landscape , and wil thought about those gardens where nature and mankind 's co - existence is in harmony and the spirits of those gardens are able to come and meet with its users .
it can be in our garden and landscape , and wil thought about those gardens where nature and mankind 's co - existence is in harmony and the spirits of those gardens are able to come and meet with its users .
it can be in our garden and landscape , and wil thought about those gardens where nature and mankind 's co - existence is in harmony and the spirits of those gardens are able to come and meet with its users .
thought wil , and yes , he thought it could and he 'd go back to australia and write about it , a small book , possibly relaying his thoughts about the spirits of a garden .
closer were shady natural garden pools upon which gently waving colored lotus flowers gleamed , floating .
rachel immediately exited the car and wandered over to a side garden to admire the colorful blossoms while her niece continued to sit in the backseat .
she spent her afternoons in the estates garden .
each afternoon lily brought mary ellen lunch in the garden .
i think ill try out that hammock mrs . coulson told me about , the one in the garden .
from there he walked down to the garden area .
unfortunately , it was impossible to focus on reading , and she found herself whiling away the hours pining for william as she lounged in the hammock under the large shade tree in the garden .
well , i ve been wantin to put a garden out back of the diner here .
that concrete was where mavis wanted her garden .
by the time he d sloughed back to the diner , mavis was out back , fists on hips , in her imagination seeing a garden the likes of eden .
the pack of tourists paused within the meditation garden , and the fountain blurbled its musical comforts .
the day before leaving , jazzy had thrown a party for her friends in the botanical gardens of city park .
a few mouthfuls in , and poncey realized he was eating mostly flower petals , gathered from the garden path .
mavis had set each table with red roses from the garden out back , standing in water glasses , and jazzy tickled the fleshy petals with her fingertips .
even mavis davis down at the diner had lost interest in her garden , and had put down black plastic over the bare earth .
he threw his tools into a wheelbarrow and grabbed a garden rake .
he drifted through heron cottage , and the main lodge , and the acres of ground that surrounded them , remembering : this was the shed in the garden where he hid from ruthie that day ; this was the stove where he burnt his hand as a child ; this was the tree that arched out over lake superior where the bald eagle made its nest the summer before he left for college .
when she and david were teenagers , tamar often found them walking together and holding hands in the small garden alcove adjacent to the building .
do you remember that day last summer , when we all sat in the garden and teacher jung - hwa asked us why we desired to pursue the buddhist path ?
chapter 23 we chose a casual restaurant in the center of town with a small outdoor patio garden bordered with geraniums overlooking the sidewalk and its happy cargo of shoppers and passers - by .
once lhatu and amy arrived at the duttas , the elderly couple had cheerfully sat them in front of a computer screen showing olumijis face , had provided them with a pot of tea and a plate of cookies , and then they had gone out to their garden .
lhatu made no effort to ask that amy go out to the garden also , so for the first part of the conversation , amy stood in the background and listened .
ed looked over at a listless body crumpled in a garden cart .
with the use of a garden cart and accompanied by the thug who knew sailing , the small party made their way to the seattle waterfront .
it was like pointing a garden hose of death and just washing it over the area .
my dad loved gardening and had one of those large garden carts .
beyond the gate , he could see evidence for the gardens he knew filled much of the property .
he followed andrew out across the backyard into the divided garden that wended one way , while the opposing iteration of it unfurled into an overgrown ramble .
you know , if you ever need to discuss something about anything , i am always here , andrew said , as they crossed the big central and somewhat overgrown garden that lay between the new house and the old one .
so , to complete the story , my mother was in our little square garden planting flowers in a window box , of all things .
but there s a persian proverb far better to be in chains with friends than in a garden with strangers .
i was always in chains when i was in his garden .
18 alexis sat on the bench in the hotel gardens .
i need a little break , she headed out of the office and walked outside to the hotel gardens .
just outside is the tom mix monument and the natural gardens , his blue eyes smiled .
he walked through the hotel gardens and noticed a police officer sitting on the bench .
the rosy curtains in a single floor house with garden halime the name of a widow woman had been living there .
we always ran to her garden after playing football , to drink tap water like crazy .
also we learned breaking the fast in hot days at this garden .
here this places kemerburgaz , gokturk there were only gardens here .
they turn this big taksim into a flower garden in a shape of revolution writing .
i heard some cheer voices like old mans do while watching football matches at tea gardens .
always the same nightmare scene in my nightmares , i always came to the garden of this church with my ten friends , and entered the door , they left me alone .
when we went out of the garden , we saw a leaned and little tree there .
the photographer man supposed me to follow him and walks away the other part of the garden with quick steps , disappears going on talking .
bulgarian the tree was cut at the garden of the bulgarian church .
zarine picks up her shovel that stands next to the front door and starts pushing the white , sparkling fluff onto her front garden .
but she s enjoying the movement too much to stop , the movement of pushing snow , filling up the shovel , and swinging it onto her garden .
i looked around and saw a garden hose in front of the house we sat in front of .
the area was due south of the garden district , but a zillion miles separated the two it you talked average household income .
they had been dispatched to answer a 911 call in the garden district and found the victim lying prone on her bed , her eyes staring emptily , one hand clutching the phone .
she had attached a garden hose to her cars exhaust and fed the other end through the window .
the buildings were in terraces accessible directly from the pavement , and all were three storeys high with an additional basement or garden flat below .
alarmed by andrew cuthbertsons phone call last night , and by his sudden show of conscience , bob kept watch over the former warehouses which now housed modern apartments set around an ornamental japanese garden .
one of the attractions of the flat , in addition to the security , was the fact that the buildings were grouped around a quadrangle which sported oriental gardens and small ornamental bridges over manmade ponds .
chapter 16 nour jewellery design , hatton garden , london .
my customer , and my friend , is the owner of nour jewellery design of hatton garden .
a minute later we were skirting around st etheldredas church and onto hatton garden .
unlike every other shop in hatton garden , which is famous throughout the world for its wall to wall jewellery stores , nour had no jewellery on display , just large decals showing the most lavish pieces i have ever seen .
* * * the unwitting convoy of cab , motorbike and corsa proceeded along victoria street and then north along grosvenor place , skirting buckingham palace gardens .
it was beginning to get dark outside , and so i cut through the back garden and climbed over the small fence into mrs catterpoles garden before walking silently beside her house onto her driveway and onto the main road .
also in the reception area was a display of tanzanite , which looked real to de souza , and if so , the display would be worth over a million pounds if sold in hatton gardens .
through french windows i could see a tiny garden falling away in paved terracing towards a small stand of trees .
i wondered if it was a bonsai garden reflected through some elaborate mirror trickery , and set up to further confuse the weak - minded .
i spent the weekend in my garden , chopping wood for the fire and fixing a fence that had blown down two weeks before .
were going to wait in his garden and surprise him when he comes home from work .
further back were immense picture windows and a raised section where people sat at round tables and looked out on to a complex garden .
its in a lock - up garage in welwyn garden city .
i just wanted to make sure you were up and at em and millie had nt led you so far down the garden path that you would miss our rendezvous .
she thought that to her it was a low friendly buzz like that of a bee in the garden flitting from flower to flower .
around her was a neighborhood of rich , white houses with rose gardens on each front lawn .
alex observed the clean streets and the beautiful gardens of each neighborhoods front yard , and if she had a soul , she would have admired suburnias eye - feasting glamour .
much like all the other houses around it , the massive front lawn sprung with colorful flower beds and rose gardens , none of which was actually maintained by anyone in the frost household , but by garden workers with dry hands and very little money .
much like all the other houses around it , the massive front lawn sprung with colorful flower beds and rose gardens , none of which was actually maintained by anyone in the frost household , but by garden workers with dry hands and very little money .
for you see , in suburnia , only very few residents took the time to take care of their own gardens .
they turned and walked past flower gardens and a big greenhouse , situated where the west wing would later stand .
he would do weeding in the vegetable garden at the side of the house .
before the war , when he lived in lexington , thomas had whiled away many pleasant hours in his own garden .
he was observing thomas toiling in the garden .
both had their eyes on billy wallis toiling in the garden .
in the garden sue would linger .
he could happily live in that comfortable town in the shenandoaha husband to anna , a father to julia , a professor at the institute , a deacon in the church , a sunday school teacher to the colored , a tender of his garden , a drinker of valley beautyall the rest of his days .
i hear my mother shout from the backyard and we exit the back door of the house to see her rising from her tulip garden .
and your garden is wonderful .
i have a beautiful garden outside .
also located in the reception area was a secure display of tanzanite , which looked real to de souza , and if so , the display would be worth over a million pounds if sold in hatton garden , a sum that would release tens of thousands of maratis from poverty .
there was no doubt that maureen enjoyed the thrill , and the risk of being caught , but she also enjoyed the beautiful garden flat in richmond that she could never afford on her government salary without help from a regular top up from an account in the isle of man .
in the memorial gardens he would speak about french - jewish relations and a joint heritage .
laurents main concern remained the few metres between the car and the garden .
one of the gendarmes from the garden rushed out to see the minister bleeding to death on the ground , and the rabbi shouting in yiddish and pointing to the door .
added to that information , the mercedes had already passed plate recognition cameras at three other favourite tourist destinations ; tower bridge , covent garden and trafalgar square .
* * * geordie had spent the day crisscrossing london under a leaden grey sky , taking the hokobus to see the tower of london , tower bridge , the london dungeon ( at least it was warm in there ) , trafalgar square and covent garden .
dismantling the gun in the relatively peaceful setting of the walled garden , the chameleon cursed again and placed the rifle , jumpsuit and ear defenders in the specially padded guitar case .
years ago my dad catalogued the redweed and sent a sample to kew gardens , who had nt seen it before .
kew gardens gave it a latin name ; stylophorum belgae , which is a combination of stylophorum , the genus of the tree poppy , and belgae , the roman name for this area of roman britain .
as a child visiting london , gil had once asked the lift attendant at covent garden tube station why there was a door in the side of the lift .
over the next four hours they had lunch , talked about gillians mother and her upbringing in hampshire , and walked in the garden , albeit briefly as it was still cold outside .
* * * barry sat alone in the living room of the small garden flat which overlooked the green .
the largest of them slammed her against the far wall and issued angry instructions to one of his subordinates , who quickly returned with a hose from the garden immediately outside the basement entrance .
i m going to check out the gardens .
the late summer gardens at golden acres farms were lush with both flowers and vegetables .
she sat in the garden on a wrought iron bench and leaned down to smell the sweet , rich fragrance of a dark pink and yellow peace rose .
whatever the excuse for the visit , he would seek her out whether she was working in the rose garden , playing with harley or working on her computer in her office .
a streak of blood like a body was dragged leads off to the garden center .
the entrance was a dark lane , shaded by tropical trees that opened up into a bright , colorful garden about twenty feet square .
neewa and i love to stroll around town looking at everyones flower gardens and pretty homes .
they are from my garden , take them now and put them in your pocket .
let me show you my garden , heather motions with her hand .
the medicine woman showed me these plants in her garden .
he had arranged to meet catherine wilson outside scotland yard at 12.30 , from where they would get a cab to covent garden for their lunch with vaughan at the crusting pipe wine bar .
here , in the heart of the west end , its a short walk to covent garden , piccadilly or leicester square ; its a great spot for a night out on the town , so we head for a few west end pubs .
it was larger than the one they lived in , with a garden and a giraffe with its head reaching up to an upstairs bedroom window .
he d found a cat in the garden the year before , cold to the touch , his mother scolding him when he told her he was trying to get it to wake up .
a mock colonial house built in the late 1940s , the entrance to the first floor was separate ; an outside narrow staircase snaked up the side from the ground floor veranda and then six steps to the small front garden .
she wanted to move further out so that daniel could have the benefit of a garden .
then a week before josette was due to move in , mrs geisler phoned and offered her the downstairs , saying that she wanted young daniel to have the full benefit of the garden .
mrs geisler , most of the furniture from the split with sammy , a garden with a willow , a cat called zen and ...
crumbled under the cold grip of that emptiness and the flash memories : daniel hugging the cat or running in the garden , his squeaky , high - pitched laugh as she tickled him and tumbled him playfully on the bed .
how she loves her gardens and herbs !
we 're moving like snails across a flower garden and i can hear my cell phone ring .
i d never spent much time in the kitchen as a kid , too busy in the garden with my father .
adam , who tends the church garden and never speaks of his past ; whose daughter was recently taken from him , to live on the mainland with her mother .
the things he taught her out in the garden , the time she spent with you out there .
when you re through , isaac would like to see you in the garden .
he would nt tell me what , but shed turned his fuckin garden of eden upside down .
a passing drizzle here or there , but nothing significant enough to warrant a late - night trek to the gardens .
it was the story of eden all over again : an innocent man does his best to lead a godly life only to be led astray by eve , buck naked with a snake round her neck and an evil apple in hand , just begging to be tossed from the garden .
something unwelcome , something dangerousa plague to be plucked from their midst before it contaminates the carefully tended garden that is the payson church .
they looted and burned our national treasure , including a lavish emperor 's garden .
the yard had a european flare to it as there were italian marble statues , fountains and a formal garden .
the kitchen gave off onto a pleasant family room , french doors opening out onto the terrace overlooking half an acre of carefully tended garden .
it should nt be too difficult to keep an eye on her there although i might have to send you some help as that building has both a front entrance onto gloucester place and a small garden in the rear giving onto some mews .
the garden moles had won .
twenty minutes later he lit up , stood in just a t - shirt and a pair of socks , looking out of his companions bedroom window at her overgrown garden .
did nt i promise to fix that garden someday ?
a hundred and fifty garden barbecue sets were soon laid out on the edge of the grass .
beesely explained , when i was ten years old , a shoe salesman came and sat on my friends garden wall in the village , not far from here .
he told me all about how to assess the person and their house and garden before attempting to sell the shoes .
then he would comment on their garden , their house , always looking for something unusual before he ever attempted to sell any shoes .
the longer he talked about gardens , the longer he had to make an assessment of the family - and their needs .
i used to look out for her as much as i could , help around the house , do the garden .
* * * otto walked through the newly dedicated international peace garden in bern , minister blaum at his side , tourists thronging around the blooming flowers .
he stopped to watch the butterflies play in the butterfly garden that sat on the library 's lawn .
ivan and latianna were grateful to slip out the back door.there was a little rock garden path that led to a bench swing in the back yard .
it was a saturday afternoon , and bill was inside watching football on satellite tv , while catherine pottered about in the small but neat garden .
not many people attended the service in the chapel of rest at the crematorium , either , although there were several people in the garden of remembrance .
the house hanna had occupied was a two story with a large carved wooden door in a tiny garden two steps below street level .
i followed her the six or so feet through the little garden and waited while she unlocked the door .
his schedule for the upcoming week would allow him to skip all the revolution house shows over the weekend to do publicity in new york for the monday episode of riot , live from madison square garden .
they arrived at the grand garden arena in las vegas at five mountain time .
joey had never wrestled in an arena as elegant as the grand garden .
joey took the drivers side in jades expedition to take them on the short jaunt from the parking garage at the grand garden to their hotel room at the mgm .
yesterday you bravely defended my honor backstage at the grand garden .
an abundance of gardens with all kinds of flowers and shrubs , many of which were on the tail end of blooming , added just the right touch of the outdoors .
the boys stood at an archway that marked the entrance to a massive garden and an even larger building that stood out like a mountain behind it .
the lodge looked perfect with close cut lawns , trimmed hedges , a new flower garden that was the result of janice 's effort and the swimming pool glistening in the sunshine .
the fall man from the garden of eden can be told in the simple nursery rhyme jack & jill , while a complex series of temporal distortions , anomalies , and the sound basis of many turbulent theories of space - time violation can be hinted upon within the pages of lewis carols through the looking glass .
i scanned the former gardens , where fountains and sculptures were overgrown with weeds and shrubs .
i found another anchor amongst the overgrown rubble of the garden to fasten the line to , then let the balloon go aloft and hover over the mews .
i continued to search the small garden but found no trace .
the splendour of its faade caught the eye even behind the row of cypresses in the garden before the steps leading to the main entrance .
days and weeks quickly turned into months before stumbling upon a riad , a moroccan version of a bed and breakfast with a garden attached , for lease .
passing by a dar , a small guesthouse like his own , but without a garden , he exchanged greetings with the owner .
the buzz of motorbikes , like angry wasps and the gentle clip - clop of passing burros on centuries old cobblestones worn smooth by generations of trotting feet , even the sounds of chirping birds over a garden wall in an area of the city with few visible trees .
walking through the courtyard , he sat overlooking the garden below , listening to the awakening city 's distant sounds of motorized traffic competing with the chirping birds and distant crowing roosters .
deciding to take a walk to clear his mind and more properly focus on the problem at hand , he left his office in the prefecture and walked towards the recently restored 18th century garden j`nan sbil with its palm tree lined walks , a lake and various fountains .
quickly going inside , he again locked the door before crossing a small courtyard garden with overgrown and dusty shrubs and a non - working fountain .
mellah - literally ` ` salt '' , area of fez el - jd'id formerly inhabited by jews merdersa - religious school mezyan - good moussem - religious festival n'aam - yes nus - nus - coffee with milk oued - river ras el - hanoot - shop keepers spice mixture rawashin - bay windows allowing unseen women to view the streets below riad - guest house with a garden salama malakum - hello , peace by unto you .
it had nt been cheap , but compared to renting the small townhouse with a 10 - foot by 10 - foot garden in san fernando , this larger house and yard felt like a more independent way of life to them .
hundreds of military figures huddled around as the sun came up , and through the smoke , which was being cleared by a gentle easterly wind , new sandbagged machine gun and mortar positions could be seen all over the gardens .
others started new fires , sometimes setting fire to wooden structures such as single - car wooden garages , or their own garden tool sheds .
there was edith and rex , a retired couple , warm and welcoming who often left veggies from their garden or a couple of freshly laid brown eggs on the doorstep .
in the summer when the garden was in full bloom she kept the silk daisy in the glove box , filled the little vase with water and placed a fresh rose stem into it .
everywhere she saw large gardens with the last of the summer harvest or newly growing winter crops .
from the window she could see the garden overrun with pumpkins and the brown and black feathery chooks clucking softly as they wandered around the section looking for grubs and insects .
that was the same year that the elders started a community garden in minginui and workshops for our youth .
the elders remember how to tend gardens in the old way and to make jams and preserves .
potatoes , kumara and pumpkin came from the community gardens , wild deer and pork from the forest , the rest of the meat store - bought from murupara .
later she wandered around the garden , collected the eggs and picked some beans .
its scars were long buried under gardens and houses , roads and bush .
you ve got a lot of rose shrubs in your garden .
she had many varieties in her garden , all different colours and types , but her all - time favourite was named peace .
the people who owned the house before me , loved roses and they left many varieties in the garden .
i m looking forward to summer when the garden looks and smells wonderful .
its very relaxing in the garden .
rex noticed him pacing around the garden .
on a cool thursday morning in june these smart , thin , rich people are mostly at work , or playing golf , or queueing up at wimbledon , and their cars sit nose - to - tail in a polymer chain in front of the pavements , which abut the neat and tidy front gardens with their stone paths and their fragrant flower - beds and their warnings about the hideous things that happen to doorstep salesmen , unwanted pollsters , and other vile scum .
a sliding glass door looked out on a gloomy morass that he presumed was a small garden .
he threw the dvd case back on the chair , pulled the curtain aside and looked out at the gloomy garden , now revealed as a narrow strip of green , devoid of plants or furniture or even any rats or foxes .
he thought briefly about going out to the garden but decided that was no go .
next to this is a hairdressers called lonnies international ; its window provides a neat urban tableau , with skittish children , braying mothers and sweeping dolls arranged like manet once did a picnic in a french garden .
the spy teams would arrive after a couple hours of breaking codes and finding clues hidden among famous churches , gardens , and historical hot spots .
the smell of damp earth and leaves brought me back to working in my dads herb garden and walking through the woods behind our house .
paris spread out before me with its stone buildings , lush gardens , and the eiffel in the distance .
maybe ill grow vegetables and tend my garden , instead of force - feeding people the way you want me to .
people grabbed their drinks , had them refreshed and made their way to the garden area .
then , from the back of the garden a single flute started playing .
presently , the flute stopped playing and all was quiet in the garden .
stone columns and well - kept gardens dotted the scenery , and the presence of tall , verdant evergreens gave the area a feeling of calm but active luxury .
and my mother would have been the widow of a suicide , who had lost her home , her social position and her garden .
the garden was their joint enterprise .
one fall when i was perhaps seven years old , i found a dead bird in the garden .
and next fall ill take the black stuff they ll have turned into and spread it around the garden .
ten days went by and i was beginning to feel a tentative relief when stories appeared in the papers about a furtive wild man who had been sighted around farms in the region , stealing from orchards and gardens .
even as the rotting leaves in michael oconnors compost heaps sustained the flowers in my mothers gardens , so perhaps the breaking of the bonds between alma , herbert and myself , the hidden turmoils of our lives , the energies released when body and spirit part , in some way served to sustain the eternal mystery .
there is a garden here , which has become andres pride and joy .
the roses and lilies in his garden may have faded , but the year turns toward the good darkness and will turn to the light again .
macallister had had just time for one snap shot in return as the man had dived through the window and dropped the two floors to the garden below .
the doctor wo n't be here for some time as it seems that someone down in the hotwells area has dug up a body in the garden of a house he has only just bought , so she is a bit tied up at the moment .
she had been going out to dinner when she had been called out to examine a set of bones some one had dug up in their back garden .
jane morton swallowed the questions that were about to tumble from her lips and led them across the hall and into a large and luxuriously furnished room that looked out onto a beautifully manicured and floodlit garden .
the fire escapes from all these flats run down into the back gardens which all have ten foot walls around them topped with iron spikes , trusting people were the victorians .
then he went and sat out on the bench in the back garden that they had bought in better times , to await their arrival .
feeling better , i headed downstairs and went out to the garden at the back of the villa .
i wandered the path , enjoying the garden .
i suggested we head out into the garden , where we could set up a table to work in the fresh air and in relative privacy .
a visit in the night : it was nearing midnight when i heard the creak of the door in the garden .
` ` paul , would you be up to a walk in that wonderful garden out back ?
it had an old looking portrait depiction of the devil tempting adam and eve from the garden of eden and above it in large , red , gothic letters the title vessel adapted by christophe guillaume .
the police had cordoned off the house and garden and cleared away the debris that had landed in the road .
nick turned towards the edge of the garden and started working his way methodically back and forth in straight , parallel lines .
the blood should have been spouting out of this poor woman like a garden hose on full .
thanking his lucky stars for the fact that they were still alive and also for the fact that he was still inexplicably unscathed , and thirdly for knowing his way around the house and grounds , nick jumped from the bedroom window with felicity in his hands and then vaulted again , to land by the lattice fence around the vegetable garden .
in summer , we 'd sit in the garden reading or scribbling in little notebooks .
we walk onto the patio of abby 's garden , arm in arm , both with beaming smiles on our faces .
then i looked in her garden , in her front garden , and there was that tree , yeah ? ''
then i looked in her garden , in her front garden , and there was that tree , yeah ? ''
phillip currently resides in henderson , nc and fills his non - writing time with surfing the internet , reading comic books , listening to gospel , eating , and tending to a garden .
usually she enjoyed the scenerythe houses on tehachapi had front gardens lush with tropical flowers , which made the desert seem more austerebut in her minds eye , all she could see was the image of rileys crumpled body .
chapter 34 : melanie gray by pat bertram melanie had taken the long way home from the restaurant , winding for hours through rubicon ranch , stopping to shoot exotic blooms in landscaped gardens and dainty wildflowers in unkempt yards .
he d recount that they d been having rodent problems in their garden so they bought rat - poison .
blooming pink , red and purple flowers decorate the garden on both sides of the porch which is filled with rich brown mulch .
a neat garden grew around the lawn and there were two old bicycles on her porch .
there was an enclosed back porch with a garden next to it underneath a lit up window .
i opened the gate and walked through a small garden area to the front door .
the patio housed a large hot tub , basketball hoop , a sun tanning area , and a flower garden .
the decorated door creaked open and they entered a small walled garden , dominated by a private pool and lush vegetation .
the gardeners opened the sprinklers to ensure that the guests would enjoy the scent of fresh plants and flowers during their breakfast or their jog through the lush gardens towards the beach .
the hotel reminded her of a hollow cylinder , with in the middle a small tropical garden from where the lifts and stairs started .
the typical mixture of oriental and creole sounds bounced against the garden walls of the private villa .
neatly aligned palm trees provided some shade for the garden workers perfecting the landscape .
jane and iveta walked already in amazement through the garden that ended in a wooden terrace built over the swimming pond .
he put the horn back on the hook and walked via the back of the hotel to the vast garden .
or those ultra - sonic poles you put in the ground to get rid of moles in your garden .
the man behind the reception desk nodded tiredly when pieter passed him on his way to the chilly garden .
far to pretty for you , that is for sure , '' she laughed and walked through the corridor that ran parallel with the interior garden .
a slender person like iveta would never be able to knock down a massive man like vladimir , so juergen stood ready in the garden to hit him and drown him in the pool .
a portion to the east of our house had been cleared and was well suited to a garden , but neither of us had the inclination to work it , and it was overgrown with brush and weeds .
episodically , i would grab a rake or a hoe and tear into the brush , threatening to bring back the garden mom or dad had worked so hard to scratch from the earth .
writing does nt provide much physical outlet , and on those days when the stress of addressing the worlds problems through the pen grew too tiresome , or when the words refused to cooperate , i would come out to the garden and thrash about , fulminating conquest .
later , after the effort exhausted me , i would retire to the porch and drink a cold one , congratulating myself on the gardens progress .
it consisted of four red - brick , garden style buildings arranged around a large central courtyard lined with sycamore trees and rhododendrons .
after watching the place for ten minutes , i left the car , crossed the shallow fore garden and knocked on the front door .
we landed silently in a short , walled rear garden .
the land at the rear of the mansion was taken up by extensive manicured gardens dotted with roman sculptures , arbours and stone seats .
we were in an underground service tunnel that ran all the way beneath the extensive gardens of the property .
fifteen minutes had elapsed since we entered the service tunnel under the gardens .
i stepped over the bodies of fallen crovirs and caught up with them in the service tunnel under the gardens .
the ricochet of gunshots erupted around the gardens .
narrow courtyards and labyrinthine paths intersected the extensive gardens that fronted it .
you mean the accounts of how adam and eve were banished from the garden of eden and the subsequent stories of their descendants ?
tom and jodie came out of the bushes and found themselves in an open area : the hampstead heath pergola and its gardens beneath it were in front of them .
me and my shoe clicked and limped up the sidewalk and i admired the neatly trimmed lilac and forsythia bushes which were strategically planted in the formal garden in front of the house .
i had led myself down this garden path and found myself stuck in an old english - style maze .
it was a small , one - story garden apartment building with a central courtyard on north figueroa near mount washington .
a shade of bronze overlooked the garden , emitting from the sun .
i think you ll be the perfect addition to my garden , he said , and there was no more playfulness in his tone .
leaving the ballroom , he made his way outside onto one of the stone terraces overlooking the chateau 's immaculately kept garden .
lepage 's ears filtered these background sounds as easily as he ignored the buzzing of the night creatures that populated the dark garden .
he had the advantage of the cover of the garden 's well - cultivated bushes and the darkness of the night , and the only way he could clearly betray his position to the alert the german would be to move .
lepage turned toward the garden .
he had abandoned the center of the lawn , marked by statues and park - goers , and had run to the fenced perimeter of the garden , seeking cover under the overhanging trees planted there .
in the garden outside my chateau .
over the course of the day , he 'd parked himself in chairs or on one the steps leading up from the garden 's fountains to its marionette stage , but he had yet to see any sign of the anarchists .
the cell provided few amenities , but it was adequate for his newfound occupation of passing the minutes from waking to mealtimes , and from mealtimes to his afternoon visits to the garden .
through the doorway were the bright light of the sun and the welcome scent of the overgrown garden , which was spacious , if poorly tended .
the garden was ringed by a stone wall , approximately three meters in height .
since the only doorway through the wall , other than the one through which modot entered the garden , was on the same side of the wall nearest the steeple , modot had concluded that the garden was a church cloister in some stage of disuse .
since the only doorway through the wall , other than the one through which modot entered the garden , was on the same side of the wall nearest the steeple , modot had concluded that the garden was a church cloister in some stage of disuse .
while modot had never heard the churchs bell toll , he had , over the course of his visits to the garden , heard other things .
as he was never admitted into the garden after sunset , he could not even use the position of the stars to determine his location .
the flowers he observed in the garden , the vegetables in the stew he subsisted on , and , most tellingly , the wine he was allotted twice each day were all recognizably from his native country .
the clang of the doors lock being turned brought his thoughts back to the present and today 's imminent visit to the cloistered garden .
the wall in the garden can be scaled the stones will provide you with a foothold .
this apparently enraged susans stalker , and he reacted by tearing up her garden , cutting all of the heads off of her daisies .
having whispered in the shadows for a few minutes , and still finding that they had n't been followed , they struck out again , making a quick dash over a garden , then across a street , then across a public park , then down a back alley until they arrived at their apartment .
in every direction one cared to look one saw beautiful fountains and baroque public buildings , gardens and porticos and chic boutiques .
donoghue said they had found an empty flash cartridge box in the undergrowth , which was reported as being in the rear garden .
there was someone in the garden , so there was more than one person there .
i can see the outline of the figure in the garden but no detail as yet .
the picture clearly showed the man in the garden , the reflection of renton and the photographer , in the window , as well as the true shot of the back of rentons head .
the man in the garden looked a little bit like friend but was nothing like as tall .
yeah i remember the other guy in the garden .
do you know exactly where this man stood in the garden ?
they have the world famous rose test gardens , japanese gardens , zoo and breathtaking views of mt .
they have the world famous rose test gardens , japanese gardens , zoo and breathtaking views of mt .
saturday morning doug woke up and grabbed his camera , jumped in his car and headed to the rose gardens and the japanese gardens in portland and spent the day just walking around and taking pictures .
saturday morning doug woke up and grabbed his camera , jumped in his car and headed to the rose gardens and the japanese gardens in portland and spent the day just walking around and taking pictures .
the only other member of my staff was a shaggy sheepdog named benjamin , who served as security chief , periodically sweeping the back garden for the neighbor 's cat .
noda was where he always was at this moment : on the veranda overlooking his personal garden , a classic zen - style landscape whose central pond was circled by natural - appearing rocks , trees , bushes , paths .
noda 's zen garden , which deludes rational judgment by manipulating all the signposts we use to gauge distance and space , appeared to be limitless .
as he sat there , gazing across the placid water dotted with lotuses at the foreshore and framed with willows at the far horizon , his silver hair contrasted with the marine blue of the robe to create a presence easily as striking as the garden itself .
` ` before the flowers bloom , miti must tend the garden . ''
i was in the garden out back , skimming the times and working on a pot of fresh coffee while waiting for the chicago exchanges to open .
` ` who could locate the original garden of eden ?
as they moved out onto another veranda , this one circling a central garden and pond , the place appeared to be totally empty .
` ` they have a special little garden here that only a few people know about .
off he went , clogs clicking along a string of stones nestled in among the mossy floor of the garden .
unlike the ryokan s larger garden , this one had no water ; it was meant to recall a mountain walk .
while i waited for tam , i battened down the garden , covered the outdoor furniture , and prudently provisioned the larder with a flagon of remy antifreeze .
along about then ben got up and checked out the sleet - covered garden , then lumbered back and plopped down beside us , clearly expecting a pat for diligence in the line of duty .
the fire snapped and startled ben , who glanced up , checked out the sleet - covered garden , then grimly resumed his snooze .
what kenji asano found himself wanting at that moment was not high - tech but high - touch , to be seated on the tatami of his tokyo teahouse , smelling the fresh straw , gazing out over the manicured evergreen shrubs of his garden , the clumps of leafless black bamboo .
it was like the apple in the garden of eden : bite into it and out would spew the knowledge of good and evil .
on his right , the new zapio conference center and its geometric gardens were shrouded in smoke .
on the other side was ethnikos kipos , the national garden .
they were entering the national garden , a mirage of green in the desert of asphalt and cement that is central athens .
they dined in a gothic , ivy - covered greenhouse in the garden of a maitre nineteenth - century inn where waiters scurried , the maitre d ' hovered , and the wine steward nodded obsequiously every time he passed their table .
` ` michael , i love victoria gardens . ''
we were just talking about the embankment gardens . ''
the black mercedes - heavily tinted , bullet - proof windows - was parked on the side street behind the savoy , just above victoria embankment gardens .
thursday 4:00 p.m. at the precise hour , the tokonoma alcove off vance 's bedroom rotated ninety degrees , as though moved by an unseen hand , and what awaited beyond was a traditional japanese sand - and - stone garden .
through the garden 's grassy center was a curving pathway of flat stepping stones placed artfully in irregular curves , and situated on either side of the walkway were towering rocks nestled in glistening sand that had been raked to represent ocean waves .
there waiting on the stony walkway of the garden were three of tanzan mino 's personal kobun , two of whom he recognized from london .
photo of a convention center advertising a home and garden expo .
a childs crib stood at one end , drafted into service as a container garden and densely overgrown with baby banana trees , mint , and tomato plants in bloom .
jane indicated the garden with her chin .
followed by total darkness as every light went out even the fairy lights in the garden , even the votive candle on the table , snuffed out by an errant gust of wind .
i took the video i shot last year in the garden of the nursery school next to my house .
at worst a bit of drug , quietly sold in the courtyard and smoked not far away , in the gardens of mole adriana .
two glass doors led to a garden , but they were barred .
and which one of the two has a common garden and sports facilities ?
ramsey mumbled a weak apology as he hurried off through the cemetery gardens .
the freshly - budded leaf at the crown of the turkey oak in our garden in the beirut suburb of jnah represented an empire of possibilities .
it was only in his later years , when he retired , spending his days in the garden of our villa in jnah or on the golf course at ouzai that she came into her own , assuming in her own maturity the position of mother , then loving nurse , and eventually emerging from the chrysalis of marriage to take gossamer wing as our adored and beloved matriarch .
these relationships , this family world that i inhabited as a young boy and as a young man , was like the sap that coursed through the capillaries of the great gnarled trunk of the turkey oak in our garden , the boughs of which bore my weight and let me climb up towards the bright blue mediterranean sky .
after a lifetime of climbing and grazing my hands , elbows and knees on the rough old bark of the turkey oak in our garden in jnah , it seemed to me as though i was finally standing on the highest branch , looking out across the world , ready to fly the nest .
the freedom of the moment took me briefly home to the turkey oak in our back garden in jnah .
the new man was thin and short and seemed oddly frail , as if a slight breeze might blow him away into a damp and dark corner of the garden .
just as i started to get the image into some sort of focus , at the critical moment when i started to remember details about the garden , their clothes and the house , right then the truck would bounce or shake over rough english roads , and these carefully assembled pieces of the picture puzzle would break and scatter .
in the embassy i enjoyed luxurious surroundings , food and drink on tap , a quiet garden to walk in , and i even tried out the services of a psychiatrist , but it was all one blur of time , a blank canvas .
having been through so much , with so many experiences and hurts locked away inside me , the one thing that troubled me most during those quiet walks in the embassy gardens was the thought of what i would become .
the freshly budded leaf at the crown of the turkey oak in our garden in the beirut suburb of jnah did indeed represent an empire of possibilities , but now i was absolutely aware of the distant gaze of the hawk .
i walk in our garden and am reminded of him by a particular flower or a smell or slight push from the sea breeze .
end to find out more about clives stories , novels , free podcasts and downloads , and videos why not visit : www.clivegilson.com also by clive and available as free dancing pig ebooks : dancing pig originals songs of bliss a thriller a full length novel first published in 2011 into the walled garden poetry - collected works 2001 - 2010 five shorts jamuls happy day beasts within series of stories but for the moon fancy and the flutter devil in the detail lord of the north wind nine lives ragtrade gepetto the beast within the marchese 's gift the mechanic 's curse the tender kiss bastille day shadowgrimm series of stories a question of spin airs and graces all for one barley sour beginning with smith big black boots do unto others happy families jack and jill went up the hill miss jones and the refugee phantom of sixpenny stalls picking the wings off crane flies terry 's amazing shin pads the mobile phone the politicians new speech the television bride towering dreams where the grass is greenest where there 's a will bogey bear stars in the incredible shrinking bogey bear arklands series of stories arklands , part 1 - beachhead cry havoc series of stories transcript cry freedom series of stories acts of faith clives latest full length novel about dancing pig media dancing pig is clive gilsons own imprint , designed especially to provide production and ebook dissemination services , initially for clives own work , but with an eye on helping other writers in the future .
not to long ago a drifter named john smith somehow broke into the complex and warned the general to watch out for the town called springbrook gardens .
it would start in springbrook gardens and spread throughout the world .
it looks as though the town of springbrook gardens will be getting a visit from the military .
in one year from now we will depart and carry out a top - secret mission to the town of springbrook gardens .
well use the next few months to test the gun and have it shipped out in pieces to springbrook gardens and assembled back together when we arrive .
i want everyone in the country afraid of this insect and how its been spotted around the town of springbrook gardens .
sam liked living in springbrook gardens .
next to impossible to find on a map , they would say after arriving at the springbrook gardens inn to stay for a night or two .
however , the residences of springbrook gardens would tell visiting guests they liked it quiet .
never in a million years would anyone in springbrook gardens have guessed that a band so well known would ve chosen there town for a concert .
they knew all to well the jokes everyone made about springbrook gardens being the most forgotten town in the world .
we grew up here in the town of springbrook gardens .
the mayor of springbrook gardens stood on the newly construed two - story wooden podium seven blocks up main street .
the words welcome to springbrook gardens were displayed in bright letters .
it was one of only a few crimes whichever occurred in springbrook gardens .
the general needed to move the vehicles out of springbrook gardens .
he made sure rooms were booked at the springbrook gardens inn for the scientists .
he had never seen the mother ship , but he knew from reports from abductees it was massive , the size of springbrook gardens in fact .
soon the war will get underway darkness had fallen over the town of springbrook gardens .
sam spoke up first off , why would an alien come to springbrook gardens ?
i think the town of springbrook gardens has its own alien we have to be logical about this .
sam said , there is no way a town like springbrook gardens has its own alien .
nothing really caught his attention until john mention a place called springbrook gardens , saying the attack will take place then .
well , all he had to do was to wait until he saw the name springbrook gardens come up as a landing site and he would know were the aliens would attack .
now he s here in springbrook gardens , ready to hit the aliens first , a strike first approach .
behind them soldiers dressed as forest rangers build up a barricade blocking the only exit out of springbrook gardens .
in the future , kids of springbrook gardens will know our names .
bobby called out while freaking out those aliens are going to attack springbrook gardens ?
kyle noticed the front door of the springbrook gardens inn opening and pointed it out to the others .
then no one will save springbrook gardens .
a male voice cracked from the speakers the towns people of springbrook gardens are being told not to drive down forest road towards the highway until sunday morning .
the gang approached the springbrook gardens police station in record time and ran up the front three steps passing by the flag poll .
this town called springbrook gardens , on this very weekend .
pretty much everyone in springbrook gardens is in the town hall .
the sun was bright over springbrook gardens as birds gently flew in the blue sky .
we could hide in our homes and they still come crashing down on us by now over twenty saucers could be seen flying throughout springbrook gardens .
they looked out the front window as springbrook gardens fell away getting smaller and soon the forest fell out of sight .
the kids could see the springbrook gardens underneath them .
blue skies and miles of gardens with thousands of plants of ever color and shape .
each year on the date of the anniversary , countless believers flock to the town of springbrook gardens for the event known as the annual alien variety show .
luke looked over to bobby there were people who lived in springbrook gardens who were there that day , who claim none of this happened .
the lamberth home probably was nt the biggest in the garden district .
outside , a bumblebee darted up to the center window and hovered there , then sped off among the sunlit splashes of flowers in the garden .
tolan broke eye contact and turned a bitter face toward the garden .
forte watched the squirrel from the back patio outside the garden room where he had first met with freida lambert and mr . tolan .
three windows overlooked the garden in the backyard , the center one with a window seat .
like all of the renovated mansions in the garden district , the lamberth house emitted its share of creaks and groans .
he continued his tour of the downstairs , moving through the hallway to the garden room overlooking the flowers .
forte had been running through the garden district away from the house when two new orleans police cars caught up with him , took away his weapon and made him lie on the street face - down .
inside on the concrete floor were three large riding mowers , four push mowers , two small garden tractors .
forte had parked his van a quarter - mile away and had spent a half hour jogging through the garden district in a bright blue windsuit .
it meant a country place or a mansion with a garden , in russian .
he reached the corral and dismounted , his eyes sighting the smallish vegetable garden .
the next time we meet i shall ride down yo cattle and yor garden and raze down this house .
its heat was scorching the already wilted vegetable garden to the sun baked ground .
is that a japanese iris garden ?
its good to know there is a garden so rich in diversity in our town .
she had desperately wanted the big wedding with all the trimmings , and for her , that included the large guest list , the most beautiful garden in showsdale and of course a horse and carriage to deliver her to and from the service .
i escorted those invited through the elevator up to the garden rooftop where there was a large table everyone sat at .
they were crossing a little village with brick houses and large gardens .
she was in the midst of a rose garden blurry in appearance .
he wanted to tell her that he loved her , but the scientist pinched him and the rose garden was gone .
nevertheless , this one was different , this one had a hideous character tied and hidden in its back garden .
i was knocked down from behind as i was investigating the garden .
the centre of town was still a great distance off , large gardens and parks were located here .
he could hear the laughter of children from within the garden , the clacking of a lawn mower .
then after some time the general appeared coming from the garden with an infant in her hands .
he utilized the scientists hospitality , relaxed in the garden .
rock city gardens are nearby .
there is a large garden jacuzzi tub beside a shower .
you thought we left that in the garden but every human must eat of it .
were in a garden , it is familiar , but i know i ve never been here before .
she was right , it was his idea , but its hardly something you can pin blame on the guy forwed still be living in the garden of eden if we had foresight the way we have hindsight , ya know ?
in the distance , a dozen servants collected rose stems from the gardens that swooped down from our house .
i followed as she danced in the courtyard , played in the garden mazes and under the stilts of the high - walkers , laughed at the clowns , and tried to distract the musicians from their sonatasviolin and bell melodies that sounded ghostly after what i learned about my papa that morning .
dozens of tarantulas encircled us as we ducked under their webs and made our way to a narrow garden shed built against the outside wall .
they re going to be living right across from both of us and my moms really happy , but she was telling my dad that they better not try to change her front garden .
the three of us jogged through a shrubbery garden that ran alongside the field , and then we hustled across the back yard towards the house .
ben found himself standing in a lush garden .
an open window over his head brought in the fresh breeze from the garden , gently billowing the draperies and carrying the scent of summertime flowers .
fountains quietly trickled water into lush , green , sculpted gardens around the perimeter of the hall , while hundreds of people strolled to and fro at a leisurely pace across the expansive marble floor , muttering to one another in hushed tones .
when you re finished , come see me in the garden where you arrived .
he found zharaa in the garden , smelling one of the bright yellow flowers that grew in the bushes surrounding the lawn .
i raced to take a big stone in the garden , then i let him / it fall to the ground beside the counter of the van .
i got further me the more possible until joint near a public , exhausted and painful garden , i crossed a lawn and i let me fall in a bush .
the neighbors meanwhile , to face to the best the boring period of the convalescence , had taken the habit to spend those beautiful days of beginning spring in the garden of the house of italo .
he / she lived in the adjacent to villa ours and also she had a beautiful garden , bordering with ours , and above all it had a canine .
or they started painting the walls of a room , or to mend the fence of the garden .
in little time in front of the gate of his / her garden an army of mine similar was formed .
then , proceeding on all four , i went beyond the open portafinestra and i started me toward a beautiful plant , the greatest , that was systematized in an angle of the garden .
the invitation to supper it was a beautiful day , we decided to go out in garden to make the point of the situation .
an affable old couple , betty was a big fan of college basketball while earl wore overalls and liked to work in his garden , where he babied his tomato plants and grew them more than ten feet tall .
sometimes eddie would see him in his garden , and they would wave at one another .
you do nt know how much i d give to sit near the garden and admire the valley .
philip had heard of the aburi botanical gardens and wanted to see some of the worlds largest collections of herbal remedies so on the weekend before they left , they spent the whole day at the arboretum .
all eyes were turned back to sarah as she bought time by biting into a red leaf that stood out all by itself in the garden salad .
her white hair stuck out in spots like weeds in an untended garden .
clendon 's mother gave him a bloom from the peace rose in her garden .
chapter 12 : 1677 gisle prideaux slipped silently through the door in the high garden wall into the pitch darkness of the alley .
one of the landscapes showed a country house set in a valley among formal gardens .
he produced many paintings of the bomb damage in london , but he also specialised in works showing lakes , gardens and large country houses .
here he found that sally had been correct : the layout of the garden had changed since the google earth photo had been taken .
looking along the remaining length of wall , he could see that the other rooms were in darkness and beyond them , a large open area of gardens .
the cooking , the cleaning , the washing , taking care of the garden and the small animals .
* karla drove her jeep off the track and onto the grass verge alongside franks garden hedge .
closing the gate behind her to keep out the rabbits that would make short work of anything edible in the garden , she walked up the path , low heels clicking against the uneven concrete .
wandering outside into the garden , he sat at the wooden table and watched a wasp strip tiny curls of wood from the top .
there s a bench outside queen marys rose gardens .
the couple continued following the package , not breaking stride when he turned into a small garden fronting one of the houses lining the street .
sitting on a garden wall , he pulled out his throw - away mobile and waited for her to return with the van .
this house had no wall , and beyond what he would have called the garden , he could glimpse a roughly cobbled section of street .
-its called the garden of earthly delights .
the ground floor was surrounded by an ample garden , gone wild , that was made secret by a high wall of good soot blackened stone .
there was no one about ; just a kid playing in an old pedal kart in one of the gardens .
your piece on the new floral gardens .
matthews mother lived a few streets further on , where the houses were neater , and the gardens grew things that were planted rather than dumped .
some of the houses have two in the road and one in the garden .
* * * two days later , when david left the house in the morning and went to his car , he was surprised to notice a tarpaulin of heavy plastic sheeting pitched just outside his gate , on the grassy expanse between the high garden wall and the road .
his sister , she was very young , she went through a phase of eating dirt , soil from the garden i mean .
157 dante gardens , sw something , 3 i think .
once outside the station st cloud negotiated the road outside and crossed into dante gardens .
dante gardens is a wide , short avenue full of old redbrick mansion blocks , with wide front gardens and wide front doors , and 4 x 4s built to climb the rocky tracks to the berchtesgaden alps jammed up against one another in the flat , smooth street bumper to fat bumper , like botox queens kissing .
all that probably meant that the phone had been deliberately switched off rather than run out of power , and maybe for longer than the two weeks that alice had been missing from dante gardens .
is that some kind of garden centre ?
that would have been many weeks before she went to work at dante gardens , and roughly around the time she was making the last of the calls and texts that were still on her phone .
then while she made toast and coffee he filled her in on the whole business from the old clanking lift at dante gardens all the way through to khalid telling him alice dolores had quit her job .
even the 4 x 4s in dante gardens were missing , gone to wade the wide zambezi or climb the mighty untersberg .
yes , he could see patrick on the boards , scanning the stage on the benches in victoria embankment gardens , treating the dole queue to pinter .
st cloud grabbed it under one arm , then found a hardware shop where he bought a garden spraycan , some gaffer tape and a decent torch .
he headed back past the gardens and the war museum and to the elephant .
over last winter she worked as a shop assistant in sutton gardens , not far from hyde park .
when they reached the corner of sutton gardens they saw a light on in the shop .
since your friends in dante gardens set me the conundrum of trying to find her , all i ve turned up is that she likes to change her name and her hair and her looks and that if you say goodnight to her you d better ask for a forwarding address .
st cloud thought about alice , stuck in that flat in dante gardens , writing out those index books in her loopy handwriting , going pretty damn crazy if those quacks were right and she was nt crazy already .
although she does not own a farm , she does own two acres of land , and uses one acre to grow a large , home - grown garden of vegetables and fruits that she shares with her family .
the garden was started by her grandparents , during world war ii .
at the time , it was called a victory garden by the media and the government , who encouraged americans to grow their own food to help with the war effort .
in subsequent years the garden was expanded and enlarged , becoming quite sizable and very beneficial to all the familys generations .
all the family members , including her husband and two younger children , help out with the work on the garden .
before leaving herself free to take a break , michelle follows her daily habit of tending to the garden , in order to make sure that some work is done every day .
she thinks it is a good habit , as it enforces a routine into the childrens lives and makes sure that the garden receives maintenance every day .
today we went out for another walk around the farm lands , watered the top part of the garden , and guess what else ? , she exclaims excitedly .
hey mom , i m going out to take care of the garden for about half an hour .
grabbing the large can of herbicide , michelle heads outdoors for the garden .
she starts dosing the garden with the pesticide , spraying the leaves of the tomato plants before moving to the asparagus plants and onwards to a few poplar trees that are in the garden for decoration .
she starts dosing the garden with the pesticide , spraying the leaves of the tomato plants before moving to the asparagus plants and onwards to a few poplar trees that are in the garden for decoration .
dosing most of the garden , she realizes that the can is quickly emptying itself ..
it is a big garden .
to hell with work on the garden today .
michelle , followed closely by peter , go around the house along the asphalt path to the garden .
michelle stops near the garden and points to all the dead worms that are littered over the yard .
do you use any pesticide , or herbicide for the garden over there ? , asks peter .
i need to have a closer look at this product , replies pete as he continues to walk around the garden taking notes and trying to take in every little detail .
she said she used the same herbicide for her home garden .
mark cuts a bushel of corn with a large pair of garden scissors and puts it into a seal - able plastic wrap .
with a semi- grin , mark asks the mccarthys , you do nt mind me digging up your garden a little ?
can you tell us if you used groundup products for your house garden ? .
forgot to ask if we can dig up the garden .
can we take soil out of your garden ?
after introducing themselves , the man , whose name is walter hoffman , shows the team to his garden .
he said he was nt a big fan of herbicides , but he needed to keep his garden clean of pests and insects .
the team goes into his garden ready to take live samples .
i have every confidence in albert , provided he dig out the weeds that have grown in his garden , replies trip .
all these characteristics make the earthworm an essential , if not invaluable , part of any garden or farm .
they say that people report worms coming out of their front lawns , their gardens , all over their driveways .
here it was obvious the worm deaths were serious , living worms were a rarity in the soil at this point , and thousands of dead ones are scattered in parks , alongside gardens , roads , and surrounding forests .
he even helped two of his neighbors clean their gardens .
once out of the smaller dense side streets , the vista expands to the center of old dhaka- complete with lush gardens and british raj era administrative and ceremonial buildings , which are now used by the bangladeshi government for the same purpose .
meanwhile , the crowd at garden grove broke into several shops , looting valuables and breaking furniture and merchandise .
the main two disruptions that erupted in garden grove and pico rivera were quieting down .
the number of urban gardens multiplied threefold in the last month , as small landowners start pitching in neighbors and friends to build small close knit plots of fruits and vegetables , all without the use of soil .
the world famous rooftop garden atop the rockefeller center has begun hosting tomato plants , with plans to add lettuce and apples in the near future .
the piles of broken sticks were scattered around the garden .
it was the perfect job to fit around my own children and since they were both pupils at a prestigious local forest school , i felt it would be good for them to learn that , unlike their school mates , not every family in england could boast a hot tub in their back garden and a second home somewhere in the south of france .
she trilled , craning her head to peer into the garden where our children were messing around on the grass .
i stopped washing up for a moment and gazed out into the garden .
but adam was already in the garden , knowing that later would never come .
filled with frustration for adam , i waited for mark to leave the room then called out to him as he dribbled the ball around some cones in the garden .
adam came back in from the garden without me noticing .
at least the kids would be staying in a cool place , with so much space and a big garden .
lets go play in the garden .
it did nt make any sense and as i watched charlotte and frankie follow him outside to the garden i began to feel waves of nausea rising from my stomach .
kirsten took the older two into the garden and left alfie napping in his pram .
i came out into the garden , where she stood with her shoulders drooped , watching the children crawl around on the lawn .
if this action does not provide satisfactory relief , perhaps go into the garden and scream loudly using short bursts ...
trixie was louisas new puppy , a chihuahua who tore around her garden like a tasmanian devil , digging up the substantial lawn , eating grass until it was sick and yapping morning , noon and night .
the wind began to pick up and the trees in the garden swayed , making strange shaped shadows on the lawn .
when we got back home armed with a five day course of antibiotics for frankie , i was thinking that the day might be quite pleasant if i set the sand and water trays up in the garden and invited kirsten to stay for lunch .
at the bottom of the back garden i kept my feet spaced wide apart as i drizzled petrol from a small plastic container mark kept in the shed for emergencies , onto the large pile of damp kindling and logs that kirsten and i had collected .
i could hear a faint rustle of leaves from the garden as the evening breeze passed over the shrubbery , the swishing of wings as a bird landed on the branches of a tree .
she croaked , looking to me for an explanation , as if i had managed to slip out of the house , dig a six foot hole and bury a dead body in the back garden , carefully replanting the azaleas before anyone noticed .
i m going to let you have one last play in the garden before you get ready for your lunch .
he works up in the bronx , does most of his business out of a place called the pen , pretty much a garden of earthly delights for any kind of weird shit you may ever want or need , and probably some you had no idea ever existed . ''
the devil was supposed to have come from heaven to earth , corrupting the garden of eden .
it 's beautiful outside just now , why do n't we go sit out in the gardens and catch up a little ? ''
how he watched her in the garden , how she behaved in the company of others .
a pair of iron gates closed off a small herb garden .
he stretched near the herb garden and the statues up at the castle .
since i have grown it myself in my herb garden , i put the seed , watered , cared for it , and then harvested it , the experience is much greater .
around mid morning , jeanine and i would go out to the community garden to tend it .
he laughed what with you constantly digging up that garden and burt doing god awful things to his hands .
` ` get the fuck out of the way , this is nt madison square garden , it 's a fucking military base . ''
he d briefly inspected the grand rooms of the hotel , the ornamental pools and garden and the ample halls lined with the horns and antlers of big game , prints and photographs of old africa and visiting royalty .
he went up to circus maximus fields and sat in the garden outside an abandoned palace , there were several in the area .
there was a blanket in the loggia and planks with clay laid against the opening of the garden from where the wind blew .
if the van is so well known by the logo , its in the wrong place stowed in murphys back garden .
burying people in his back garden , indeed , said miller .
he stood in front of the chapel , looking out over the garden , which was laid out with flowering shrubs , and also some evergreen trees , though he did nt know what they were , since he had never been interested in gardening , or flora .
come and have a cup of coffee in the garden , were going to .
some more formal garden type chairs were placed round a larger table which were under the covered deck .
he started working immediately and shot a smile at arrissa , who was working across the garden from him .
arrissa would nt touch you or any man in this garden if we were the last living souls on jade .
he did not want to go into a stuffy room when he could be eyeballing arrissas loose dress , as she worked in the garden underneath the hot sun .
asked a man named ply , as onion made his way back to the garden .
she kissed his cheek , turned , and walked back to her section of the garden they tended .
i m going to visit the garden later , elora said , not wanting to tell her madra the danger shed been in just under an hour ago .
` ` could you gather a few herbs from the garden ? ''
touching seventy , in a floral print dress as bright and confused as the array of plants and flowers in pots and tubs she was busily watering , she was the only other person to have used her courtyard space as a small garden .
maybe she should pick a daisy from the garden : get rid of him , get rid of him not .
her sentiment was summed up in one sentence when she said , the police are probably trampling the flower gardens , and then did nt say anything more .
chapter nineteen it was refreshing to see silas outside and taking a walk in the gardens after being so sick for the past few days .
when silas stopped to rest on a cast iron garden bench before continuing was the first time he seemed tired .
the purple dome asters from the garden were the only blooms besides the chrysanthemums left now that cooler weather was coming .
beyond the kitchen , a sliding glass door led to a deck outside , which overlooked the vegetable garden .
a beautiful brass candelabrum was in the center of the glowing walnut table , and betty had cut some chrysanthemums from the garden before sunset and put them in vases surrounding the centerpiece .
it looks like a little whitewashed garden shed , crushed on one side by the flying cable spool .
with the combination of the two , it did not look like there was a lake there at all but more of a botanic garden .
there s a beautiful aquatic garden down this way .
come on ; iesha said as she walked toward the water garden , taking off her sandals .
the fragrance of the roses and other flowers floated from the garden on a gentle breeze .
# 7 the complaints desk your garden is growing quite well , i added some fertiliser to it while you were away .
and , why are you taking credit for my garden ?
i know perfectly well what i am doing , now if you would just leave me alone and stop trying to take credit for my garden then i promise not to chop down your sunflowers again .
rosie gave me an icy stare , turned around and headed back over to her garden a few metres away .
i sat at the base of my garden and watched him walk around the yard admiring the other gardens along with the scenery of the rest of the grounds and the neighbouring orchard .
i sat at the base of my garden and watched him walk around the yard admiring the other gardens along with the scenery of the rest of the grounds and the neighbouring orchard .
when he arrived , he inspected my garden for a second before opening his mouth .
that s a pretty garden .
i sure did , i like to play in my garden when i m not colouring in or making containers out of paddle pop sticks .
i used my shovel to flick some dirt from my garden onto his shoes .
i pointed towards the right where dave was watering his garden and dancing at the same time .
i rolled my eyes and turned back towards my garden resuming my weeding as though nothing had happened .
after spending another half hour digging around and weeding my garden , whilst sporadically glancing up at foreman every now and then , the announcement for lunch came .
i tossed my shovel and gardening gloves on the ground next to my garden , got up and headed towards the recreation room .
the neat and clean exterior is white and freshly painted with a deep blue wooden door standing out in the centre ; two flower gardens on either side housing fake marigolds and poppies .
# 18 advice i put on my warmest white jumper and a pair of ug - boots and headed to the garden .
are you going to work on your garden this morning ?
because tommy chucked a tantrum the other day and stomped down your entire garden .
he opens the gate slowly with one hand while admiring the well - kept garden awaiting the arrival of spring .
one of its predecessors in the long line of buicks had surrendered its rightful spot in the garage ten or more years ago to an impressive collection of garden tools , painting paraphernalia and birdbath parts .
he tried not to think about the number of nights he had spent in garden spots like clinton , illinois , lakeland , florida and painted post , new york .
bob checked his bags at the front desk of the garden court hotel , but did not go directly to his room .
bob counted forty hands tending to the lush gardens that seemed to melt from one unfenced front yard to another .
i know what my room is costing at the garden , i can only imagine what an unaffordable apartment runs in palo alto .
bob barely made it to palo alto in time to check in at the garden , quickly wash up and then head out to pick up irina .
bob knew he had been wrong to take something as beautiful as these gardens and try to assign a value to them , even if it was a comment made in jest , just useless trivia .
she was clearly proud of the achievement that the gardens represented .
just outside the garden she took him down an alley towards a stall that he could smell from a hundred feet away .
they took their leave of captain riley and went for a stroll in the gardens adjacent to the police building .
the clarksville memorial garden was not far from the motel and he arrived there before he could even finish his coffee .
` ` oh , i ' m sure we do , we have records going back to when it was a civil war memorial garden .
still , i kept him in sight as i worked in the garden that morning .
the garden had nt started out quite so large , but we had the fruit trees , the pecan orchard , even chickens .
if i thought really hard , i could even remember a time when the garden was nt surrounded barbed wire .
some fresh vegetables from the garden .
the thug lifted a pair of garden shears into view .
he told us that he knew he could have a more modern place with an indoor toilet if he moved as most of his neighbors had done , but he liked his old house and his small garden and now that there was no longer any absentee landlord to worry about he was quite content with his situation -- although it would be nice if he could get more flour each month and if the pharmacy in town would nt always run out of the medicine he needed for the arthritis in his hands .
the monday of the reception began with an unseasonable rain squall in the morning , but by noon the sky had cleared and by mid - afternoon i found myself seeking protection from the sun under a large shade tree in the embassy garden .
their deaths was a painful reality check , and once my neighbours had contacted my kids about certain drunken shenanigans i had got up to such as , falling asleep in the back garden , pissing up the garden fence and one evening , starting a fight with a dog walker who did n't pick up his animal 's shit after watching it crap on the pavement , i was ' encouraged ' by my beloved children to sell my house , put the money towards my savings and relax in a lovely place they had found called misty falls .
we all agreed and gazed out looking up to the red clouds as if they had been painted by god himself , as they stretched in a line in the centre of the blue sky with the fully bloomed trees at the front of misty falls where the car park was situateda modest garden was at the back of the grounds .
amanda and penelope were spending time by themselves out in the back garden of the establishment .
god , i was bored , and even though there was a chill in the air , i decided to grab my paperback , a catcher in the rye , and head towards the back entrance of the place and have a bit of alone time in the grounds ' gardens .
he backed down a little , and said , ` ` our little spat in the garden a few days a go .
part three a fire in the garden chapter seventeen it was the last day of february , it had been a miserable february and i was glad to see the back of it .
` ` you threatened me in the garden .
and i also did n't tell on you when you threatened me in the garden . ''
` ` i know it was n't you that had reported me for the garden incident .
and after hopper 's vociferous reaction in the garden , i certainly was n't going to go to brannigan , unless i had real hard evidence .
in the space of three months or so , he had threatened me in the corridor , he had tried to choke don , urinated on jason , threatened me in the garden , as well as having liaisons with a female member of staff when he should have been seeing to the care of the elderly .
as i looked back down to the grounds of misty falls , the outside spotlight drenched the garden and must have been put on manually by one of the staff .
two members of the nightshift staff stepped out of the back entrance into the garden at the back of the establishment and then paused once they were ten yards away from the smouldering animal .
finally , the other carer had disappeared briefly and returned to the garden donning a fire extinguisher .
already seeing what hopper was capable of when he made his threat towards me in the garden , made me think that we could only ever see brannigan if we had substantial proof against hopper .
chapter thirty two ` ` good afternoon , senior shitizens , '' hopper cackled ; he walked out of the glass doors into the garden , breaking our serene state .
leaving the crematorium , we went into the garden area where the wreaths and flowers were carefully placed .
carelessly left in a small patch of rushes by a still sleeping chestnut tree between the water and the railings of a pub garden was a small bag of rubbish screwed up with some highly significant bread and pastry crusts .
having stolen back to his graces quarters to empty the excess horse feed out into his private rose garden , i was creeping back through his rooms when i heard the unmistakable sound of the abbotts voice issuing from behind the door to his inner vestibule .
out there was the swimming pool which nestled on the fringes of the ornamental gardens , a beautiful array of delightfully bright colours - oranges , reds , pinks and greens - which could be seen quite easily from where i sat with my iced fruit drink , as could the numerous rainbows dancing upon the droplets of water given off by the sprinkler system without which , presumably , nothing would grow .
the neighbours dog got him in the end and while i accepted the loss quite well , finding enough forgiveness to continue sharing my jam sandwiches with him as i had always done , i was never entirely satisfied with the story of how palladium had got into their garden in the first place as i was saying though , customs .
i go back again to the incident of this morning , when we were shaping the gardens for the year to come .
gawdley staggered over to the infernal device which , upon first seeing it , i had assumed was an hideous machine of war , some bloodletting implement more suited to the fields of battle than the gardens of a church in the heart of rural england .
i saw a pair of hinged blades normally for use in the garden lying on the grass only a few feet away and seizing these i set about the tentacle with vigour , cutting the thing into several pieces with a series of deadly chops !
street lights , lino floor tiles in the kitchen , shampoo , pizza , shaving cream , the kettle , tins of beans , the garden hose , the foam inside my sofa ( which he cut open fiddling around with a swiss army knife !
i had to shake him off to hobble over to it , turning it on to show the idiot that it was only a garden tool .
you will do this by placing it in a locked case on the roof garden of the billy mcangus cordon bleu eatery in the centre of kyoto city .
it came as no surprise when i teleported to billy mcangus roof garden and found that the japanese had decided not to pay .
so it was that the three of us found ourselves in the deserted scottish street , crouched behind the yew hedge that surrounded the garden of 127 - in our minds , all that stood between this maniac and the civilisation as we knew it .
brasshouse gardens ; yes , i think you re right .
as she made her way there vanhi observed a discernible lack of cctv near the disused battersea power station , as well as noticing that new convent garden market was bustling with business , even at this early hour .
he disappears off cctv there , in a blind spot between concanon road and trinity gardens .
he was an architect based at greagor , gershwin and hopkins llp in palgrave gardens .
a decent garden would go a long way to keeping him in canada .
when they arrived home lara decided they would have their dinner in the garden and while she was preparing their food tim went to his office to do some work ready for monday morning , and the boys kicked a ball around in the garden .
when they arrived home lara decided they would have their dinner in the garden and while she was preparing their food tim went to his office to do some work ready for monday morning , and the boys kicked a ball around in the garden .
just an average english family garden .
as it slowly passed , the user was now looking into another garden .
lara had made the boys a cold drink and thought she would take them into the garden for them .
a scream that only a mother who has lost a child could make , let alone one who was looking at her two sons , slaughtered in their own garden .
thinking that one of the boys had been badly hurt , he ran into the garden .
matt walked up the short garden path to the back door .
urie was next on her agenda and after a short call to check he was at the embassy she got a taxi to the corner of bayswater road and kensington place gardens .
eventually it opened to reveal some really ancient houses and well kept gardens , nestled up against the trees that concealed a very steep hillside .
after looking over the fancy garden at the citadel entrance , they went back out past the hotel and turned left down into the woods .
the last time you gave me such a hammering was after the hatton garden job five years ago .
in the kitchen , mitzi greeted him with a yelp , then trotted over to the door leading to the garden and gave another yelp .
with kitty watching , he strode purposefully into the garden .
mitzi trotted at his heels until he was halfway to the end of the garden .
the houses were typically semi - detached and had ample front and rear gardens .
there he would find a flagstone path leading towards the back of the garden .
jake scrambled across his back garden and through the back door of his house , disabled the alarm , and rushed to look out the front window to find that no car was approaching .
jake walked past the fence of the neighbouring house , deciding that it would be too conspicuous to risk climbing the fence and running through someone 's garden in broad daylight .
there was a street , place , terrace , garden , square , and road .
yellow crime scene tape marked the perimeter of his garden .
two drunk guys wandered into our garden and whacked the car as well as anything else they felt like .
the photographer takes many photos in the garden , and in the chapel .
three of the four buildings were imprecise and had varying damage radiuses , where anyone that boiled tap water for coffee , tea , or anything else would have less than an hour before falling unconscious : the north philly location had a damage radius of about 50 meters , including the second floor apartments , the pizza shop , and the book store ; the location near china town and the one near walnut and locust had a smaller radius of less than 15 meters , the chemical and water system precise to a select few outlets , most of which either unused or in the target destination ; and the spring garden location had only one source of incoming water , and it strictly went to the target .
team three , with travis plus four , storm spring garden .
the gate creaked with aged protest as carter pushed through it into the small front garden and walked up the short path to a front door peeling several layers of paint .
by the time i 'd recovered myself enough to start moving , and jettison myself out of the gaping hole left in the wall ; there was not a soul to be seen in the garden or on the street connected to it .
we stood around awkwardly , after my out - burst , drinking chocolate and listening to the peculiar song of the african cricket ; a mournful tune unique to the gardens of the southern sky .
* despite united memorial 's unfortunate name , its canteen was a bright affair with cheerful shiny tables , and large wrap - around picture windows revealing lush gardens in various shades of green .
here , the employees were embraced within carefully maintained gardens ; white wrought iron pergolas over intricately carved benches dotted the landscape , each heady with the scent of heavily draped burgundy honeysuckle .
personally i have never seen the point in setting industry in a garden , it 's a contradiction in terms and sort of ruins the idea of the restful outdoors .
after all , burying del in the garden did look bad .
mary kate chose olive garden , which suited everyone .
a wooden shelf ran along one wall cluttered with tools , garden utensils , some crumpled beer cans and other manly doodads .
my stomach roiled with acid at the sight of all the objectsscrewdrivers , chisels , garden claws , hammersthat mary kate could use to kill me dead .
why ben thought that meeting at the botanic gardens was not a little strange , who knew , but it certainly made it easier for what he had in store .
she picked up a rock from the garden and hurled it through the glass in the front door .
you corrupted the uniform ; you drew in the man like a serpent temptress in twisted version of the garden of eden .
strangely , this time he d come from the opposite end of the building and since there was glass on both sides of the waiting roomone side looking out to the parking lot , the other to a small garden atrium i had no idea how he d gotten over there .
allejo explained to meif nothing but to fill the void of silence as i sucked down waterthat despite the garden of antennas on the roof , the microwave transmitter between this satellite observation station and the main hub had stopped working a few weeks earlier .
it looked like i was trying to harpoon moby dick with a plastic garden rake .
looking across the street , the neighborhood snoop was driving her garden trowel into a patch of dirt but her eyes were still on the both of us .
just below that , the gorgeous , naked woman whose naughty bits had been strategically covered by a huge , thick snake may have been designed to imply the antediluvian temptations of eden , and given that parts of her nakedness had been hidden , the shame then that she embodied as she lay there alone , having acted as the leaven that precipitated her mates banishment from that perfect garden , leaving her helpless , alone , and coveted by the embodiment of evil .
every bump felt like some mob heavy was whacking my ribcage with a thick garden hose .
then searched the garden again , knowing it was useless .
wren hobbled in , as though he d just taken a stroll round the garden , and not worried the life out of rhyllann .
idly he watched a cat stalking a bird in the garden , wondering if or when he should intervene .
we can crawl through that hedge into that back garden .
from the corner of his eye he saw wren collapse against the garden wall .
the wooden box was drifting slowly into a neighbouring garden .
fredric , who was fiddling with some plants in the small poolside garden sighed , said sure in a high - pitched voice and walked inside to make b 's favorite drink , a fruit and vegetable smoothie with a generous dose of vodka in it .
jorge looked at me with his big brown eyes and then let them travel out into the garden as if they were more comfortable there , and said , it 's my son , lus .
the garden was more than big enough for the family and for selling and , when necessary , giving away free vegetables to their closest neighbors when they were in need .
i dug some grubs from under the flower gardens and hooked them up .
there is a roof garden and a green house on the roof .
a small garden lay beyond , intimidated by high walls of chipped , crumbling brick .
a paved path cut down one side of the garden ; the rest of the area was overgrown grass .
a slide down leads into the front garden thirty feet below .
but i was n't planning to drop down into the garden .
the drop into the garden was some twenty feet , but directly below me was a buttress rising six feet from the ground .
beyond the fence , back gardens and houses .
had that been so , i would have grabbed it hard by the fencing that encircled it , and i would have upended it , watching as cars and garden furniture and loose roof tiles and people tumbled out like toys .
the engine coughed into life and growled like a little dog sensing a trespasser in the back garden .
i saw gardens full of rubbish and car parts and unkempt grass .
it put me off them for years , to the point where i used to jump the low wall and hide out in my garden whenever they came along .
i looked up the street , i looked over at gardens , and i even looked in the doorway behind me .
i pick up a rock from a nearby garden and weigh it in my hand .
it featured a high wall and a large garden with many trees that obstructed the view from the main road .
the garden was now full of hidden surveillance equipment and motion detectors .
john arranged to meet terry bayliss in jubilee gardens overlooking the thames to discuss current developments .
the gardens were not as well kept as they used to be because there was now no official support for such ventures .
after leaving the garden , he had returned to work for the afternoon .
he described his conversation with mrs bishop and her friends at the garden and how deprived they were , not just of a decent standard of living but also of the basic human requirement of knowing you are cared for , especially when you re old .
john , he had arrived back from the garden , sat in his armchair and died , just like that .
he was a little early so decided to wander around the garden .
earlier as john approached the gardens , he noticed two men taking a particular interest in graham .
he walked straight past graham and then on to where mrs bishop and her friends were tending the garden .
they engaged in small talk until they saw that graham had finished his sandwich and started to walk away from the garden .
a tall dishevelled man almost bumped into graham as he entered the garden .
within minutes two heavily armed stapo patrols entered from both ends of the garden shouting to the man who had just entered , put your hands on your head and do not move .
we were right to take precautions at the gardens but thankfully they were nt watching either of us .
john pushed and bundled his two sons over a short garden wall and pressed them down flat .
timothy harcourt was living on his farm in oxfordshire and finally , gregory harper had retreated to his apartment in kensington park gardens and believed to be a virtual recluse .
they had about one quarter mile above ground to reach the cover of ladbroke square gardens that , were directly opposite the target address .
ten of the men led by alan walker remained under cover in the gardens covering both entrances to kensington park gardens whilst john and terry approached harpers apartment .
ten of the men led by alan walker remained under cover in the gardens covering both entrances to kensington park gardens whilst john and terry approached harpers apartment .
when you reach kensington park gardens make sure there is no stapo activity .
brendon marched briskly along the grove and then turned into the gardens adjacent to kensington park and after finding a park bench with a good view of the targets apartment he sat himself down and gave the impression of a local office worker having a morning break .
mason then said , we are currently working to establish what their last target was before they bumped into our patrol at ladbroke grove gardens .
brendon noted that there were plenty of gardens in the area and waited at the top of the road whilst kenny rang the doorbell of number 415 .
the button was pressed and the stapo started to emerge from behind buildings , out of parks and gardens , from behind trees .
gunshots could still be heard in and around downing street but more so from the gardens at the rear .
to the right of the lawn , the thick forest was held back by a nicely tilled garden without flowers .
a year ago , i was a single woman in my cozy condo back at vauxhall gardens , where henry maintained his own bachelors pad .
a spring wedding would be nice , or maybe an early summer one held outdoors , in a charming garden .
the little urchins peeked out from beneath caked layers of soil from the garden turned to sludge from last nights rain .
contents 1946 johannesburg 1 and so it ends 2 edge of terror 3 au revoir 5 captive 6 under siege 7 antjie 8 fucking jerry lewis 9 it ll be okay 10 locked in battle 11 critical venture 12 garden boy job 13 contact 14 the big fight 15 rocco 16 you re in the fucking army 17 namesake 18 blood steyn 19 know too much , you re dead 20 piss parade 21 atonement 22 emasculation 23 contraband 24 freedom 25 slippery character 26 no sacrificial lamb 27 acharei 28 hitler number five 29 caprivi 30 premonition 31 torment 32 out on a limb 33 gorilla 34 chained again 35 covert and immune 36 after him 37 born bad 38 named in honour 39 the art of war 40 the ghost of a conscience 41 a sharp bayonet 42 sins of the fathers 43 white son 44 battle plans 45 ensnared 46 old friends 47 arming up 48 the man on the inside 49 duped 50 green thorn 51 aardvark hole 52 big bang theory 53 redemption 54 an explosion of hope 55 watching them squeal 56 incursion 57 so it ends 58 ambush 59 peace more great fiction from possible press 1946 johannesburg they had struck him like a pack of wolves , tearing him to pieces in seconds .
they drove beneath the purple canopy of the jacaranda - lined avenues , amid the beautiful homes set in the lush gardens of the affluent northern suburbs of johannesburg , beyond which lay the blacks shanty town .
no parks and gardens , no football grounds and golf courses .
12 garden boy job 1968 johannesburg , south africa as the police van appeared around the corner , joshua mokwana knew he was in trouble .
mine is a houseboy job , even though sometimes i do garden work .
it was the neighbours who asked me if i can find them a garden boy .
when joshua was nt working in the house or the garden , they would go and dig in the mud together to find worms and joshua showed ben how to attach these to the sharp end of a bent pin .
facing the sun , it overlooked an emerald expanse of manicured lawns , bordered by botanical gardens .
as long as he could remember , joshua had extolled to him the virtues of the family novak for whom he worked as servant and garden boy .
they are killing him with work at the university gardens .
she had once tried to look into the window from the garden bed outside , but it was dark in the room and nothing was visible except the bars on the windows .
the darkness of the gardens and the sound of the night closed in on josh as he headed downhill towards the wall and away from the guardhouse lights .
he stumbled against a large reel with a thick garden hose attached to it on the fringe of the brush .
then he remembered the garden hose and his heart leapt .
he did countless press ups daily and used the chestnut tree in their front garden to do pull ups until his arms and chest had become tremendously powerful and well - defined .
with the buildings support structure smashed , the roof crumbled and they emerged in a shower of bricks and dust in time to see rocco and moses vehicle rupture the perimeter walls on the opposite side and vault into the forecourt of the compound destroying the carefully manicured gardens and ploughing through the outdoor eating area .
i was left on my own in a room filled with so much sunlight and flowers it looked more like a garden than a bedroom .
jane found a seat outside a bar called kypos tis kalashnikof [ garden of the kalashnikov ] where she could nurse the cup of coffee she had purchased in a nearby park .
further up the block , vacant lots had been commandeered for a community garden verdant with winter greens and heralded by a sign that read one house , one block , one neighborhood at a time .
welcome , the sign graciously announced , to the bonnington square pleasure garden and paradise project .
it was like as if god had just reached down from heaven with a round cookie cutter and sliced out the middle of the storm : one minute they would be flying through hell itself , with incredible noise , little visibility , turbulent and violent winds , snow , hail , lightning and thunder all around them , and then ... a moment later ... they would emerge from a wall of vertical clouds into a peaceful garden of tranquility and sunshine , or bright , starlit skies .
i found myself out in the garden , peering up into the large pine tree .
men like zoran do nt live long and happy retirements , tending their gardens , taking long walks with the dog , maybe the occasional game of golf .
the little lady in the funny straw hat working in her beloved flower garden was gone , born anew as a murderer .
turning to cole she said , lets go to the garden .
this garden is part of the chapel .
we have started a garden full of vegetables behind our place , thanks to tim and a few others .
we spend the next hour sitting outside near the rose garden .
we decide to have it in the rose garden , since it is probably the most highly maintained area we keep up on the grounds , maybe i 'll see if jason can bring up some other areas as well , but i 'll have to save that for later .
i think palm trees would add something to the rose garden .
its some kind of grilled vegetable patties with a rich creamy sauce and fresh vegetables from tim 's garden .
` ` we 're thinking of a rose garden ceremony .
there were no dogs sniffing along the gutter or pissing against garden walls , no magpies or crows or sparrows fighting over the remains of burgers trodden into pavements , no bees buzzing between gardens , no flies aiming for nostrils or eyes .
there were no dogs sniffing along the gutter or pissing against garden walls , no magpies or crows or sparrows fighting over the remains of burgers trodden into pavements , no bees buzzing between gardens , no flies aiming for nostrils or eyes .
i live in the blue ridge mountains of north carolina , where i play guitar , raise an organic garden , and work as a freelance fiction editor .
they whisper the legends around the pot - bellied stove at the general store , they pray for protection from him in their little white churches , they think about him as they gather hay , harvest corn , and work their gardens .
its cream stucco facade was bathed in light as twin floodlights beamed upon it from the garden .
in fact , a lot comes right out of the garden - something i doubt occurs in new york at all often .
with baby tomatoes picked out of the garden .
hope had held back one gun in reserve : an m191 that he had buried in a biscuit tin beside a large tulip tree in a back corner of the garden .
they drank tea made from herbs freshly picked from the presbytery garden .
alistair noticed a blackbird perched in one of the lower branches of the birch tree that was providing much of the gardens shade .
father cuebas scoured the garden for some relief from his disappointed thoughts .
i am so nervous , but i guess that s normal when you re eighteen year old daughter is about to walk down the aisle in the rose garden in front of the whole world , well at least all sixty - seven of us .
how about the garden ?
the garden just does nt produce enough .
can we get you some help in the garden ?
the garden , i say turning around suddenly feeling panicked .
i hope he s not out in the garden .
i saw a huge garden out back behind the hotel out one of the windows .
jim said they have a garden back here so someone must have been in charge of that , while someone else must have prepared the food .
i end up walking all the way around the inn and stopping near the garden .
we got ourselves a local map and waved around the winding streets that circled around ranch - style luxury homes with ecological gardens and yards .
they found the body lying on the beach at the bottom of the garden . ''
growing vegetables and tending the garden .
sorry , i was outside in the garden '' ` ` thank god ! ''
chapter 21 it was a garden .
but instead of pretty flowers , colorful and various , or fruit , juicy and delicious , the garden around ashe was filled with planted slabs of stone , polished and engraved .
it was a garden of loss and memories , of pain and longing .
there were flowers in the garden of stone , after all , he admitted .
the patch of earth at the end of walkway was once a small garden , but it had become infested with weeds and bugs .
ashe remembered when the garden was full of growing vegetables , like tomatoes and onions .
she held a garden shovel in her hands , cocked like a baseball bat .
were just survivin and were helpin our his voice was cut short by the garden shovel slamming into the side of his head .
sometimes capobianco got to visit the leagues executive skybox at the garden .
they cut across the grass to the rose garden near the museum of nature and science .
as far as he could see the rest of the garden was a complete jungle of undergrowth .
- 28 - ben and francesca set off round the perimeter of the garden , keeping as deep in the shadows as they could .
he went through the entrance , across the atrium and came into what had once been a little garden , now overgrown and half - submerged by collapsed walls .
beyond this building were formal gardens laid out with gravel paths enclosing beds of shrubs and flowers which extended around the west side of the main house and southwards towards the sea .
if they stayed here much longer they would soon be clearly visible to anyone who might be patrolling in the garden below .
there were three windows along one side which looked over a grey , early morning garden .
he looked through the arch into the gardens beyond a landscape of great palms and exotic shrubs , bright greens and vivid coloured flowers .
the garden behind the hotel was very overgrown .
i had been taking side streets to get to toa payoh , carefully walking around toa payoh garden park , so i would nt run into them .
chapter 5 elizabeth struggled to catch her breath as she sat in the rose garden behind the goldberg memorial hall .
she vaguely remembered a tour that she had taken just before her freshman year where the guide had said something about the garden being a gift to the school in memory of someones mother .
she belonged in a garden surrounded by the flowers that she loved so much .
i instructed her to plant wolfsbane around the borders of her garden to ward away the wolf guard , and i commissioned her own father to make a silver crucifix for her to wear whenever i was not with her .
i think it grieved him to see such a gentle creature confined to a lonely garden by day and a tiny cottage by night , for he was directly descended from the ancient and noble line of the dire wolves , who rejoiced in running far and wide beneath the full moon .
one night , after weeks of observing her from afar , he approached the cottage while she tended her garden as i watched over her .
he could not enter the garden because of the wolfsbane , but he stood outside the gate and asked her why it was that she would stay with me when her life and her family would forever be in danger .
anya uprooted all of the wolfsbane in her garden , for she no longer needed its protection , and she wished for her new friends to come and go as they pleased .
she was forever surrounded by friends and no longer confined to her cottage and garden .
she could see anya smiling and laughing as she played with her rosy cheeked , blue - eyed son in the garden .
he looked across the creek , and there , crawling out of the woods by the garden , was his crooked - eared cat , juniper .
refocusing on the snake 's eyes , he thought he heard someone whisper : i am everywhere in the garden of paradise and in these sacred woods .
this reduced the chance of surprise attack the ornamental sand gardens , raked in their maximum beauty were for a similar purpose .
lets see , that would be an outside wall i believeyes , on the other side of that wall is the campus gardens and then the wood .
they both walked the rest of the way across the over - grown gardens and to the gates of the palace where they were greeted by four guards .
leonard barked a crisp greeting and the guard led him wordlessly along a stone pathway through an immaculate garden with a series of small fountains .
it was surrounded by a small garden where they encountered another patch of pink chrysanthemums .
as it was , the park was bare save for a few drunkards who were taking great pleasure in drowning themselves in sour wine from oddly - shaped leather bottles , sitting directly in the centre of the gardens built for the medici .
it was warm and airy , more a botanical garden than anything else .
its surrounded by nearly twenty hectares of botanical gardens and so i think it would be best , '' he said , hailing a passing taxi .
at its top a square turret stood , bursting out of the roof as if it had continued to grow , like everything else in the garden , after the last brick had been placed .
it was in a state of understandable urgency that we crossed the vast expanse of garden that separated the villa from the road and flagged down the first taxi that we came across .
natalies lecture on the benefits of having the lady garden occasionally watered continued until we passed graumans theater .
the compound was surrounded by stone walls and sculptured gardens scattered over several acres of land .
koi ponds and gardens .
it had ten floors , a public park , a 400 - seat auditorium , a rooftop garden , a caf , and a fitness center .
the complex also featured a reflection garden and memorial monument honoring the badges of officers killed in the line of duty .
charlie had taken a stroll through the rose garden adjacent to the patio to smoke a cigarette before joining us .
there was a sorry looking cactus garden and set of concrete steps that led up to the front door .
chilly air rushed forward as soon as she walked through the doors , trying to make a beeline for the public gardens half a mile away .
boston police cruisers converged on scollay square , preventing the suv from driving toward the public garden and the start of route 2 .
crossing the heavy traffic i found myself entering a large park surrounded by trees , beautiful gardens , and a large pond hosting migrant birds .
a rather dilapidated wooden villa , painted white and blue , set in a wilderness of a garden filled with cascades of climbing roses , red and pink and white , tangled around the old fruit trees and overhanging the slimy green water of a neglected pond .
back in holiday mood again , i set out to explore the village of devonport , wandering along streets of wooden villas painted in pastel colors with exotic flowers in their gardens ; around the grassy hillside of mount victoria , with views of sparkling blue sea all around ; up and down the shopping street with its gift shops and cafes , discovering the difference between a latte and flat white .
the narrow wooden deck looked down over the steep slope of the garden , a jungle of roses , ivy , passionfruit , jasmine , bougainvillea and other tropical plants not known to me , a tree laden with lemons and near the bottom another tree , huge and gnarled , which i thought was a plum .
having refused my offer of paying rent , she agreed to accept some help in the garden , so after breakfast i started to tackle the overgrown herb patch in front of the main house , clearing away the grass and weeds to reveal fragrant clumps of sage , rosemary and thyme .
i only said that it was a pleasure to help , and that perhaps next time i could do some work in the side garden beside the flat .
she paused for a moment before continuing rather tentatively storm always seemed quite interested in plants , especially from a medicinal aspect , and she did some drawings of some of the ones in the garden .
albertine , heavily laden with copper - pink flowers , the same rose i had noticed rambling over the gnarled old fruit tree in the garden .
rosa gallica officinalis , plain bright crimson flowers with an intense scent ; i had seen that somewhere in the garden too .
i asked but why do you think it was lying out in the garden in the first place ?
she raced off down the garden and up the plum tree .
afterwards i wished i could have stopped francis from running down the garden to get his dog , and so being the first one to discover the body .
i hurried down to where they were , near the old plum tree at the bottom of the garden , stumbling on the overgrown steps and scratching my ankles on the brambles .
her body was lying in the garden .
but i remembered , after they d gone , that the day before iris came here i found storms pottery jar lying in the garden .
i was glad to find that there was a full moon and a bright scattering of stars to light my path through the garden .
sometimes this took the form of working in the garden , though i failed to make much impact there .
i made lemonade from the lemons on the tree in the garden , and rosewater according to the recipe in storms book , in the blue and yellow jar which i knew had been precious to her for reasons i would probably never know .
suddenly myra was leading the way down into the garden , walking rather fast as if under pressure of time , her gaze darting from side to side .
the same evening , on my way back from the beach , i met georgina in the garden and she invited me to go for a walk the next afternoon with spot and francis , who were staying with her .
in my spare time i looked after my garden , and joined a walking group , and in the evenings often drank a bit too much wine .
when i called her there was no response and i was afraid she had crawled under a bush to die perhaps the rosa gallica bush i forced myself to walk down the garden , dreading what i would find , but then i saw the little cat slowly struggling up through the long grass towards me , swaying on her feet as if drugged .
his house was a large wooden villa on a cliff top , set in a well - kept garden overlooking the sea .
inside was a thick white card embossed with silver , requesting the pleasure of my company for drinks and a preview of a display of fine arts to be held a few days later in the garden of the home of mrs myra ava brandon .
not caring how undignified i looked , i hurried away through the garden , teetering on my high heels .
walking back through the garden of bay house , i almost collided with a woman who was hurrying towards me .
and , if you can credit this , she flung the jar into that wilderness of a garden down there rather than hand it over to me , thereby causing serious damage which i can now see some ignorant meddler has attempted to repair and made it even worse .
i accepted with pleasure , resolving to visit some of the tourist attractions which i had not seen yet , and also to give georgina more help in the garden .
well , it was around nineish on friday night , i 'd spent most of the day clearing out a shed in the garden , so i was pretty dirty and weary .
they reached the back of the house , which looked out onto a few more acres of garden and grounds , ending in a small wood .
he does n't like animals pissing and shitting in the garden . '
overhead blue ultraviolet incandescent light shone down on the gardens which created a psychedelic syrup of earth and sky hues .
i call it the spirit garden .
can you name the nine items of vegetation in the first garden i pointed out to you ?
you remembered the nine items in the spirit garden because of what you drank .
chapter three sheriff autry kane sheriff autry kane , a robust , barrel - chested man of maybe 40 years , whose face looked as if it had been on the receiving end of numerous flying fists , sat in the arabica - enclosed garden with joshua and van .
obviously she knew her way around , or perhaps she was using one of the gardens .
i tried to earn my keep by mowing the lawn , straightening the garage , primping in her garden , shoveling snow , and faking interest in her passion .. basketball .
adele encouraged me to start my own garden at the rear of their property , which i did , half knowing what to do , the other half clueless about how to raise and care for exotics .
chapter nine the operation joshua led the two educators through the coffee garden lounge to a doorway that van had not noticed before .
so you use the enriched scat as fertilizer for your gardens .
that s what were doing here with the gardens .
in the early running , while we set up other gardens in other parts of the country and world , we want to build testimonials .
joshua and the two guests left the coffee garden .
this spring we put in a new garden , something we had nt done in five years .
childhood room , not quite alone in the dark , testing of muscles and nerves , desire garden .
the photo was made in blue stone garden .
the girl opened it , announcing : welcome to my garden .
it was an actual garden alive , fruit - bearing cherry trees were growing from the floor .
the house was surrounded by a small garden and a white picket fence .
no garden .
and when i told her that i did nt trust a doctor because he believed in a god i consider as real as a magic carpet and as useless as a garden gnome , well annie ... annie ... annie !
there , she was pregnant and surrounded by a beautiful garden of white flowers .
it was a construction entirely made out of glass and i realized it used to be a garden , but now the only living thing left was this moribund tree .
she turned around and walked out and i tailed her until we left the garden .
that garden is the one from the painting of lady adora , with the gardenias , right ?
they say the day lady adora died , the entire garden died .
numerous paintings of lady adora in her garden were also here .
she fell off a swing in her garden and broke her neck .
i led them to the glass garden .
annie walked into the abandoned garden and approached the swing .
i thought of the time i was able to spend with my mother , joyfully playing on the soft grass in the castles interior gardens , bathed in a warm yellow sun under a deep blue sky .
i recommend sitting in the garden for some time each day , as the fresh air will do you good .
the following morning i received a message from radu requesting i join him in the garden for tea .
we walked back through the garden , into the castle and up several flights of stairs .
of the references he found , most only touted the beauty and tranquility of the old citys ancient gardens .
it includes two stops , the humble administrators garden and the lion grove garden .
the gardens were a necessary evil that he would have to endure in order to become familiar with the old citys streets .
i m not really interested in the gardens , redding said .
but the gardens are the most important part of the tour .
* * * the massive rock forms of the lion grove garden were supposedly intended to conjure the mental image of lions .
on the far side of the garden , well beyond the pathways and caverns , was the plum blossom pavilion .
the map was completely useless as long as they remained in the garden .
* * * they passed though the garden exit , and were back out on the streets where redding could resume his orientation efforts .
of the tourists that crossed her path , most were probably enamored by the gardens .
the major boulevards and commercial streets , along with temples , gardens , shopping districts , and hotels , were all well represented .
they made their way through the front gate , into the reception pavilion , and out into the garden .
the garden presented both contrasting and complimentary themes .
redding and lin ming strolled along walkways that wound through the garden and the pavilions , always within a whisper of each other .
both had become drawn into the lull of the garden , completely unaware of their state of mind , which was exactly what the humble administrator had intended .
his time spent in the garden may have been unavoidable , but for his purposes , it was counter - productive .
a fair portion of the morning had already been wasted in the lion grove garden , and he had no one to blame but himself .
the humble administrators garden had been divided into three separate sections .
they were midway through an extraordinary collection of bonsai plants when lin ming mentioned something about another garden in the old city .
not another garden !
but these gardens are an important part of chinese culture .
please do nt take any offense , but to me , its just a big garden .
that is your garden .
most chinese do nt have a house , or a garden , and they ca nt afford to buy plants and flowers .
so , we live without , but we can always enjoy the wonder of these gardens .
something as simple as their contrasting views of a garden had become one of those distinctions .
he knew she was disappointed , but the gardens would nt bring him any closer to finding the cello painting .
chapter eight as they passed through the exit of the humble administrators garden , redding signaled for a pedicycle .
it was a warm day in the administrators garden .
they d pull out scrapbooks , they d give him canning jars of goodies culled from their gardens .
to the left of the house sits a spacious garden , though its fruits are well shy of harvest , and a thin band of trees borders the property on all sides , beyond which in every instance lies a planted field that stretches to the horizons bend , if not further .
he touches on the edge of every field bordering the compound , without actually venturing inside of them , and currently leads them through a dwarfish by comparison , though still enormous , garden of smaller crops maintained closer to the houses backside .
in the end he leaves only with a jar of pickles shed canned from cukes in her garden .
and so it is during his customary sunday furlough that , after again knocking his socks off in the place he d rented for her a place that anthony and the others knew of but had not visited , per her insistence , as she prefers , to retain a walled garden of secrecy , driving back instead to clendon if meeting with them , in the hotel room they continue to occupy that he proposes sneaking her in .
spring appears , and tracy plants a garden .
a fucking garden .
he found the small , 1970s bungalow beside a community garden in vancouvers east side .
getting out of working in the garden , that 's what tommy had been doing .
it had made merry gay so mad that her daddy had encouraged tommy by buying the chair for her to sit and look pretty in while she and bernice had to sweat in the garden picking butterbeans on their knees .
first of summer , on a dewy morning , jean had waded out into the dark tilled dirt of her vegetable garden spot carrying with her anse 's straight razor .
like her sitting in the breezeway shelling butterbeans and peas while merry gay and bernice picked them in the garden out back .
a flock of big - bodied shrieking guineas scared up from underneath the porch , scooted like shadows across jean 's yard to her garden .
staked tents of burlap cooped over the tomato hills in the garden , a few still red and green , but the twined vines of the butterbeans were withy , the brown seed pods too swollen and soppy to rattle in the breeze .
wearing brown rubber ponchos over their damp clothes , merry gay and tommy set out through the garden to slop the hogs in the parlor on the edge of the woods .
going to seed , save for the red hot peppers thriving among the sodden wilted tomato vines , bernice 's garden was laid out in blocks with wide flower - lined paths between the framed vegetable plots .
there was a whole garden of unplanted little millers under her window .
he knew that up at middleton golf house and the flower gardens next to them he could easily secure a spade ; and with this in mind , he set off .
if the vegetables in the garden did nt flourish , lisas mother would ask her daughter , what learning is there in this , my little one ?
the delivery man slowly opened the door to the small garden outside ; he looked around to check that the coast was clear and stepped out of the house , but did not shut the door behind him , and set off towards the van .
before he reached the van , he opened the metal gates leading to the front garden .
mr puddling stood in the little garden , just behind the stone wall , and looking out to the coldness of the north sea .
they even have a table top garden inside that utilizes the pumped in light .
i could help her set up that garden on her deck and fix the broken leg on her dresser .
as rico clutched his chest and rolled onto his side , jack picked up a bowling - ball - size rock from the garden border and raised it to smash his head .
in a few days , well have colors enough between us to rival your garden .
( the boys very presence was as comforting and as soothing to the priests troubled soul as an afternoon spent in his garden puffing on his pipe . )
my passenger side mirror was now part of miss tooms gate garden motif .
beats a garden gnome i guess .
the gate creaked alive and i took the minute and a half to pick my passenger side mirror from her garden .
as we pulled up , i could see the white picket fence that separated faiths house from the sidewalk ; the petite beige house that seemed like a warm cottage and the white love seat glider that sat next to the front door overlooking a small flower garden .
i would just as soon let these moments drift away into the gardens of forgotten memories .
but sometimes they ask you to hop the fence to look into the darkest parts of this garden among the twisted roots .
so once and for all i am going to plunge into the dark corners of the garden of my memories .
we bought those eleven hectares ; eleven hectares of paradise , a garden of amazing organic coffee planted among alluring orange and lemon groves .
i decided to plant a garden so we could have more organic , raw , fresh alternatives for the guests .
started the garden up again , with marijuana this time .
two quetzals flew in today and lucky me , i had a pellet gun to protect the garden .
we dumped the car in the town center and walked the winding road up to his castle , stopping first at the garden known as el explorador .
an antique telephone sits in a little hut in the garden .
i walked past another one of boquetes famous gardens , mi jardn es su jardn .
but i am still in the garden .
i was in the garden of el exlorador and saw shekinah .
* * * * * so now i m sitting by myself in the garden of what i think is my local , not great , a bit posh , but hey it ll do , because i have a pint of chilled lager in front of me and a cig lit up in my hand , and , for the moment at least , i m by myself .
used to live in that big old house up on the hill , playing in the front room and in the garden if it was warm , had to mind out for the alligators though , they can be rough , never knew how to play with young kids , but apart from that it was do you have a drink ?
maybe i could take one of those huge guns hanging over the mantelpiece and put a huge hole in the middle of the tv set , or maybe i could go and bury all the dvds in the garden , take a grenade and throw it in the hole and see what happens .
the backyard contained a grill , a weathered - looking hammock , beautiful , overhanging trees that reminded her of a southern plantation , and the remainder of a small vegetable garden , long forgotten .
she belonged among the stone architecture of the capital like the armless , busty goddess statues in the gardens of ancient rome .
located on probably ten acres outside of town , the two - story house sat on a small hill , surrounded by lush gardens and mature oak , maple and willow trees .
now , in his spartan bachelorhood , he only bothered to keep furniture in the office , his second - floor master bedroom suite , and the breakfast room that overlooked the small garden behind the house .
we 're not exactly walking down a garden path toward a cottage by the sea , shel .
book shelves lined two walls , and wooden - shuttered windows overlooked a small flower garden outside .
in his early sixties , he fished almost every morning , and he always had some ambitious project underway , whether it be the building a new greenhouse , replacing rotting timbers on the boat dock , or clearing weeds and brush for a vegetable garden .
i ' ve been out of money for two weeks , eating mostly out of the garden , and hoping and praying every day that chet would show back up and take care of a few things . ''
the evening might end more successfully if the woman he invited was actually able to enjoy her meal without having to go outside and stick the garden hose in her mouth .
lets hit the rooftop garden at the vendome .
you know , big pool , some tropical gardens , a lounge and bar area and dining tables all around the pool .
he was dragging one end of a garden hose behind him with an oscillating sprinkler attached to it .
after a few seconds , the garden hose swelled up and water began spraying from the sprinkler .
enjoy , kathleens captor said and left , closing the green door as much as he could without pinching the garden hose .
the room felt like an extension of the garden outside , giving the illusion of openness , and the musky fragrance of foliage engulfed her .
she kept her gaze carefully planted on the garden across from the patio while she answered .
sophie shut the door with a loud snap and darted across the lawn , passing the colorful gardens overflowing with flowers , and disappeared into the shadow of trees .
she did not get her chance until after two o'clock that afternoon , when the bride and her maids had gone into town and carol had coerced her husband to take a walk in one of the gardens .
they rounded the back of the church , and he led her toward an overgrown garden shrouded by thick bushes , their untrimmed branches blocking her view .
that castle is not your home , he said quietly , his attention focused on an overgrown pile of brush in the far corner of the garden .
she glanced around the garden , but nothing besides the pile had any sign of burn damage .
she swept her hand out , gesturing to the garden , the church , the blackened pile behind them .
with a nod in return , jude led the way from the garden , once again holding the branches away as she passed under his arm .
shadows danced across the grass , filtering through the jagged outline of the garden 's edge .
over there , she pointed to a garden near the edge of the front lawn .
when she was dismissed from the garden , sophie returned to the castle , but changed her mind before entering the doors , retreating , instead , down the steps and around the corner .
when she was out of sight of the garden and its occupants , she stepped into the trees , careful to avoid twisting her ankle on jutting roots and weeds .
lush , lavish gardens immaculately tendered , and seemingly deserving the fences that kept them separate from the harsh reality of the city beyond .
sorry if you find the garden barren .
there used to be a wonderful rock garden but clancys agent had it removed .
the informant tells me the green fields garden is a real piece of work .
* they had thought the sickly sweet scents in the air were merely coming from the vast array of plants within the garden , but then they reached the wreckage of the helicopter and realised the charred bodies might have been contributing as well .
his voice returned in a whisper that was almost lost in the rustling of poison bushes in the breeze : they were my men and i believe they have been helping themselves to my garden .
the fruit in your own garden of eden ?
the garden has got them crazy high , so this is no time to try brushing off your negotiating skills .
and you re saying they are high on some herbs from the garden ?
at least twenty two thousand of them were headed for the garden .
i parked the car three blocks past the garden , and fought the crowd all the way back .
it was , in fact , the only thing he could remember when he woke up in the middle of a tomato garden behind a two story brick house .
he did n't know why he had been there , only that he had awakened in the middle of a small vegetable garden .
you 're the one who woke up in my garden .
` ` no , '' she said , ` ` i mean i got here the same way you showed up in moms garden . ''
` ` because i saw you , '' she said , ` ` i saw you appear out of thin air and fall in the garden .
then i d go and do dishes or work in our garden .
for all i know , she did the same thing you did when you ended up in our garden , '' devin said , ` ` i never saw her disappear from one place and go to another .
images rushed through his mind , memories from a time before the garden , relics of another realm .
it was the photograph he d taken from his pocket after waking up in the garden .
he smiles at me , and even through the window that leads to the garden behind the shop , i can see the yellow stains on his teeth and the globs of this mornings breakfast clinging to the corner of his mouth .
a large mahogany desk with a lap top and an enormous window overlooking a garden courtyard is what i find .
its probably nothing , but last night , i was looking out of our bedroom window , at the back , and i thought i might have seen someone in your back garden .
in your back garden .
you do nt tell someone you ve seen an intruder in their back garden without being sure .
the plants in their pots , dotted around the garden , were still arranged as normal .
the garden was accessible via the side gate .
he thought he might have seen someone in our back garden last night .
someone was in our back garden .
we made polite conversation , about our respective days , but i could see that he was brooding on the thought that there had been an intruder in our back garden .
but he d quickly been convinced that the number of domestic and wild animals that frequented our garden , meant that a motion sensor light would be forever being triggered .
i d never known seagulls to be hanging around gardens in the middle of the night .
out ahead the garden now stretched some hundred metres or so downhill into the darkness .
but with that coming on top of the back garden prowler sighting , it was certainly enough to unnerve me .
have you checked the back garden yet ?
and then the other night , the person max saw in our back garden .
he did nt turn up in covent garden , and he s not answering his mobile or your home phone .
go back to covent garden in case he turns up there .
the all so familiar blue cedar , the centre piece of their front garden , was behind her .
but do n't you miss your home , your garden , the washing machine and the nice big bed with clean sheets smelling of flowers of the forest conditioner , mr smith '' ` ` no i bloody do n't .
but he had a feeling that there was a bit more in store for him just yet before he could go back to the peace and comfort of his studio , the house , the veranda and the garden .
he looked away and closed his eyes but behind the lids his mind was racing on everything that was important to him - the unfinished business , jonathan , jan , his house , his paintings , his garden - margaret .
` ` let 's walk outside , the garden looks good and it 's cooler now . ''
margaret liked gardens .
a flash of distant lightening brightened the sky , jim 's so - called garden and his face .
he shone it around jim 's so - called garden and spotted a bamboo hut which he assumed was the toilet .
nice garden .
i do n't want my phone going off when i ' m sat behind a bush in guido 's garden - which , by the way , badly needs a gardener .
he thought of maeve and wondered what she 'd think of him sitting in a wet garden in italy .
an idea suddenly flashed across my mind , a memory of days when we were children playing hide and seek in the garden .
as far as i could see we were now in the garden at the back of the house and carnac set off quickly across the grass till we came to a wall .
i remember scrambling through an interminable succession of gardens and hedges , over walls and all the time avoiding the roads .
after what seemed an age we stopped in a small garden and carnac made me sit down .
the large auditorium smells like fresh cut garden flowers marking the crime scene , very usual .
there is the ironside shopping center for teen clothes , and the birmingham botanical gardens for smelling flowers .
he sees a small kidney - shaped garden swimming pool with the deepest water depth of four - feet , not much bigger than a hot tub used for show than sports .
i saw the gunman walk pass the fourth pew which was decorated with the bundle of flowers from my garden .
however it has come to my attention through the cooperation of the third alabama bank that your personal bank account pays for your monthly bills consisting of electricity from alabama power company , telephone landline combined with a package of internet service , mobile phone , and cable , dish satellite service , water cooler delivery , soda vending machines , maid service , carpet cleaning service , garden and landscaping service , window cleaning services , food home delivery service , car wash and detail home service , book of the month club , and numerous other listed services , grins .
the garden was full of color , life and fragrance if his nose could be trusted .
both had been raised on farms with vegetable gardens and cows and chickens and they wanted to go back to simple living , which turned out not to be so simple after all .
sis shirley had brought sweet potatoes from her garden the year before , which she had baked over coals , along with what she calls a pone of cornbread .
kim and shelton know for a fact that she had nt had a garden .
the screen moved on to show an open cave door in a garden .
he gently stroked his brothers thin hair and looked out into the garden where each twin saw worlds that no one else was aware of .
but there is a place outside the walls , a garden that some believe is gethsemane where jesus spent his last night crying out to god .
above them was a distant skylight and she realized this place must be under the botanical gardens where they could feed , even as they protected their secret .
at the convent she had collected a number of stones from the garden , roughly the size of the pentecost stones .
between the house and the wall ran a picket fence , just two feet high , so more of a boundary marker than a barrier , a way of showing where the back garden started .
the curving flag - paving road ended at a large garden in the north of the wedge .
south of the garden were a child 's playpark , next to the north road , and a long , single storey building that contained four businesses : post office , doctor 's surgery , dentist 's surgery , and beauty salon .
nobody with a bad tooth or chest pains wanted to sit in the garden or swim in the pool and see that building and be reminded that all was not well .
she watched the guys move across the garden of one of the houses .
they must have gone over the fences between the gardens .
it was snuggled within a garden of water features , rockeries and tall plants .
the big squares between the gardens were plain , mown grass , with a tarmac path running through , to a gateless gateway in the wall of the central hub .
the gardens blocked him to east and west , the wall of the central hub to the north .
he was in the garden , at the door , ready to storm in and kick some ass , and then suddenly he was seeing sky , in pain , being carried down the street on mackenzie 's shed door , ripped off its hinges and used as a stretcher .
he got across the road and tried to step over the low wall of shrubbery bordering the garden and stumbled .
out of billy 's garden , over the road at an angle and towards the shops .
there was always someone 's radio playing as he washed his car , or teenagers shouting as they played football , or women talking across their gardens .
the landscapers had let the shrubs grow their tallest by the water 's edge and shorter as the plants climbed to the fence so garden views were not restricted .
in her own back garden , elaine asked what they were doing .
lucinda and elaine made their way from garden to garden .
it took only two seconds to get from garden to garden , but for those two seconds they were visible from the street .
she and elaine pushed and something scraped and then they were through , looking down at a massive stone garden gnome that the owner had blocked the gate with for some reason .
then she looked back the way they had come , and looked at the fence at the back of the garden , and looked at the garden shed .
moved from number 2 to number 1 and knelt in the garden of daniel king , the gate guard , and prepared her next move .
each house had a long garden that extended out above the sea , held aloft on concrete pillars .
houses like this deserved big , lush front gardens , but they did n't have them .
the back garden was a concrete slab as wide and long as the house that stretched out over the sea on concrete pillars , ringed by a low wooden fence .
the garden was boastful .
but as he knelt there , staring across thirty metres of garden , the wind whipping his hair , he saw only windows with blinds drawn , and a wide rear door of glass that was open .
the cab crossed the yellow road , flattened the low hedge around the garden of number 1 , already its speed massively decreased .
so he slid down the side of the house and hopped over the fence , into the garden , just like before .
billy ducked behind a metal garden seat .
billy used that moment to climb the fence at the north end of the garden , slipping over just as jacobs emerged behind the lead soldier .
billy draped the rifle over his shoulder by its strap and lowered himself from the concrete lip around the edge of the garden structure , thirty feet above the frothing water .
luckily , the concrete garden was reinforced by x - frame steel girders between support posts .
he climbed back up and over the fence and squatted in the garden behind a bench .
a long distance to the next house , the next fence , the next back garden .
the garden had giant wild flowers that looked like they belonged somewhere tropical and home to lost tribes , and inert water features that looked like big gargoyles ripped off a gothic church .
here a long back garden with high walls confronted him .
beyond a swimming pool and dining area , the rest of the garden was grass and stone .
he got a wind of jealously as he realised how much dale would love such a garden .
he had reached the garden 's end : a wall of upright planks hewn from trees and still retaining the bark .
he passed an alleyway and then another garden gate .
another alleyway , and another garden gate further along .
left and right he could see the tops of the neighbouring two houses poking over their garden walls .
he moved along one of the aisles , noting there was rubbish here including discarded cigarette ends , until he reached the point where the trees abruptly ended and a flowery garden took over .
the garden plants were lush and tall , and he got to the van without being seen .
she saw the two guys she 'd taken out in mackenzie 's house , looking much better now that they 'd had time to recover from their etorphine doses , and the guy she 'd knocked out in their back garden .
she looked at the fence between this garden and the next , thought about the other fences , and decided it would be quicker to hop the metal perimeter fence .
she grabbed up a garden gnome without slowing , and opened the gate on the left side of the house .
out of the garden , across the road , onto the grass , gaining speed , running on her tiptoes to minimise the sound of her footfalls .
the garden gnome swung with her arms .
jacobs was a dot in the mirror by the time he had exited the garden .
they went across the road at a trot and into the garden of number forty one , jostled for position so they could move down the narrow area between the wall and the fence , and trampled single - file through the gate and into the back garden .
she snaked her arms inside , grabbed the passenger around his neck , and stuffed a small , rusty trowel from a garden shed into his neck , hard .
elaine had been in there all this time , just hiding amongst the garden tools .
far off to her left and right were high walls , the boundaries of the gardens belonging to the houses .
and through them the garden and the ocean .
she looked up and saw the garden ahead of her , thirty metres long , clear , plain .
the end of the garden hanging over the sea was a tangled mess of concrete and metal , but the house itself was intact .
then he stared at the garden again and reassessed that thought .
the bike had hit the fence at the end of the garden , launching her and the bomb over the ocean .
the bomb , she realised now , had n't left the garden .
the end of the garden was a ragged mess , half of it bent into the water like a slipway for a boat , like a ramp .
across the grass and the road , into the garden of house number forty - one .
he s apprehensive when outdoors , including the garden .
it took months to sprinkle the ideas around the garden in remons brain .
gerards wife , kathy , pulled weeds in the garden behind the house where christophe was planting carnations of many different colors .
little hanging garden wonders strategically dotted the landscape , adding warmth and texture against the carbon nano tube and lithium disilicate facades most of the modern edifices had .
or perhaps even pulling weeds in the garden in the backyard .
... israel i will restore the fortunes of my people israel , and they shall rebuild the ruined cities and inhabit them ; they shall plant vineyards and drink their wine , and they shall make gardens and eat their fruit .
psychological warfare of the holographic nature which could lead to a great deception never before seen since the days of adam and eve back in the garden .
the lamb , rice pilaf , roasted red pepper humus with a basket of piping hot pitas , and garden - fresh saladsall gradually passed .
she enjoyed it most though when her routine took her out onto the floor garden / green area which was simply there for the complexs residents to bask in its radiance .
more light burned through the porthole windows in the small aft cabin , which was about the size of a garden shed , maybe big enough for two men , maybe three if they were sleeping in bunks , or huddled around a table , playing cards .
shed found a few in her garden back in la , and shed always killed them on sight .
she would have liked to bury him somewhere , but not having a garden it was out of the question .
the garden was a mini jungle and the whole place had a forgotten air that quite appealed to her .
but if you say i can not have it , i might have to kill you and bury you in the garden . '
it was a rock garden with a big ledge of granite that had been sanded smooth by glaciers tens of thousands of years ago .
lou glared at jodie and pointed at the open door like god banishing adam and eve from the garden .
a little while ago its aroma blended with the fragrance of the flower garden in the shade outside the open kitchen window and made the morning .
the flower garden was awash in sunlight now and its fragrance subdued .
there were some children playing in the garden behind the hotel , shrieking at each other in the dark shadows between the cypress trees .
it was to happen in roppongi garden view building .
two dinners at the dotonburi area , where every night was saturday night , and now in the gardens of the sky building , a renowned dating spot , he was ready to close the deal .
he turned away , made it look like he was interested in what all the other couples were doing in their own little spots in the dimly lit gardens .
we easily located his house , surrounded by a heavily overgrown garden .
we entered a living room whose windows overlooked a wild and overgrown garden .
the garden outside of the window was overgrown with unkempt bushes .
the maid led me through the house until we reached a parlor with tall , arched windows overlooking a pedantically groomed garden , with bushes growing precisely where they were told .
they did nt have any pets and that was why she liked visiting their garden .
but we can go for a walk , she gestured towards the garden outside .
i followed that noise and eventually , i found myself in a garden where , in the light of the full moon , i saw the life - size statue of a beautiful woman .
or maybe find him a nice home with a garden where he can run and stop breathing the paint fumes .
a cement statue of an angel , like one you would see in an elaborate garden , or a cemetery .
the garden had prepared itself for winter , and was now only hoping to see the spring .
toby looked at orells trampled garden as they exited it .
toby fell backwards , somehow missing the fence along the edge of the garden .
it was an old lady speaking ; she was standing by what toby knew would have been a neat little garden under all the snow .
it was the garden billy meting and lloyd thornton had been laid out in the night before .
he followed the drops around the corner of one building , and then another , and then along a walkway behind gardens .
as there , just inside the back fence of bobs yard , were resting a batch of garden tools .
i noticed how the weeds gained control of the garden and lawn and how the rose bushes had grown wild .
after we had settled into our new home , i put two memorials in my garden .
i put that statue in my garden .
he takes manning outside to his english - style garden .
nice garden , comments manning .
they continue walking through the garden until they come to the garage .
weian and ilived in one of those classy old brick apartment buildings with a flat roof that was set up as a courtyard , with raised gardens and those quaint little wrought iron ice cream tables . ''
the walk was long and winding , carrying us past tasteful gardens .
rose was happy enough pottering out in the considerable garden , planting flowers and joining in local community projects , but soon she grew bored .
everybody knows the story of the garden of eden ; how snakes deceive .
* * * the altar cloth had continued to fascinate me , especially the garden of eden scene .
in the basements or back gardens .
they entered a well stocked vegetable garden .
i picked it from the garden back there .
the house was close to the road , double fronted with a small strip of a garden , and a low wall and laurel hedge , closely clipped .
do we bury him in the garden , or what ?
he imagined himself the proud owner of a large villa with a vast garden and pool , or even better a seaside mansion with its own pier at which his private yacht lay waiting for him , how he would be surrounded by friends and beautiful women eager for his attention .
the villa was surrounded by a large garden with trees and flowerbeds that gave it the serene and peaceful air of a country estate even though it was in the middle of town .
say , master jeremiah mentioned you have a nice garden here for the patients .
wait till after eight , then go into the garden and walk to the far end near the tall oak tree .
i want to continue my prayers in the garden .
he went into the garden and looked around slowly to make sure no one was watching him .
one of the immortals had a large garden where she had invited everyone for a barbecue .
the bank of four garages was detached from the main house by a small garden in full bloom .
of course , chris , but i m going to be working in the front garden .
they arrived at a tea shop with a small garden at the back , enclosed by a rough stone wall .
she glanced around the caf garden again .
how about the cafe in the garden centre on the beddingham road ?
faye quickly phoned her mother to ask her to do the school pick up , and she set off to the set off for garden centre .
do you remember the tea garden where we chatted on monday ?
dad had a garden shed , his den as he used to call it .
they could see a lawnmower in the far corner behind a large chest of drawers , and there was a set of garden tools with it .
faye 's attention was caught by the biblical garden ; sand and date palms were more interesting than talk of business and josie took a minute to really look at her .
he pointed to a garden of scribbles .
there was also a small dilapidated garden out in the back .
poor old father hated to have the garden disturbed and his library made a mess of .
but still , there was a nice low , wooden fence that went around the property and a small , well - tended garden in front .
after a brief , useless struggle , i got up , crept past my roommates bed and went out to the front garden to have a smoke .
he welcomes me through the ancient door to a small cobbled courtyard filled with flowering ceramic pots and exclusive ( and suspiciously un - used ) garden furniture .
chapter thirty eight dugan loughlin loved pottering in the garden most of all .
this running for president took a lot of time ; he could only spend an hour or so a day in the garden .
they had a hotel called the manago , a nice old place with tin roofs , hardwood floors , and outdoor gardens .
daddy spat a line of brown snuff into the little flower garden at the side of the police station .
people would get away from the city on the weekends and grow vegetables in their gardens .
in the far right corner , a garden of tomato and cantaloupe plants was growing .
half a dozen buildings , cultivated gardens and several green fields hugged the steep hillsides and smaller triangular flat section intersected by a mountain stream .
it was dawn and the view outside the upstairs bedroom window showed a deserted suburban street lined with seventy year - old houses , all in immaculate condition with neat lawns and cared for gardens .
the vegetable gardens that are usually flourishing at this time of the year have gone ... '' ` ` how ? ''
there were broad leafed trees and rows of sculptured grass gardens separating the sovereignty of the memorial from the rest of bataga .
most impressive were the garden structures .
billy drives past suburban gardens and the artful gothic density of saint michael 's church .
the garden is long and thin , hedged on both sides with an old , mossy path of paving slabs running down the middle from a small patio area by the house .
the girls stand in the garden in bright , late afternoon sunlight , dragging on silk cuts .
bex puts the house phone back on its cradle and nips out into the back garden .
in the cafeteria he pays for his coffee and selects a table by a window that looks out onto a small garden area .
its his turn to stare out of the window at the hospital garden , where the warm spring weather has brought a few hardy lunch - time customers out to the tables on the patio .
the small front garden is still choked with last summer 's weeds , a tattered bag of rock hard cement and the frame , minus wire basket , of a super market trolley .
alex pauses in the shadows of a box hedge on the opposite side of the road as ted fumbles for his keys under the last of the working street lights , takes another hit on his flask and pushes open the gate in the small front garden of one of the villas .
the grass in the front garden is soft and fresh .
maggie nods , staring past jock 's left shoulder at the line of trees that separate the garden from the lane that runs along the front and side of the house .
billy has to swing out into the lane , away from the comfort of the fence at the front of the farm house garden .
in her thoughts she throws open the patio doors at her fathers house and takes a slow step around his garden , shuffling past flower pots full of cigarette butts , one more casualty on the mend , a dressing - gowned remnant of the whistling generation .
while billy sits quiet and still amid the heavy metal sounds of the custody suite , his companions reach out and take his hands in theirs and the three of them begin to mime and mug like savant idiots , and with the sound turned down , with the picture fading to a single white dot , they start to belt out billys favourite song without shifting a single molecule of air : again , this could n't happen again ( 6 ) this is that once in a lifetime this is the thrill divine what 's more , this never happened before though i have prayed for a lifetime that such as you would suddenly be mine mine to hold as i ' m holding you now and yet never so near mine to have when the now and the here disappear what matters , dear , for when this does n't happen again we 'll have this moment forever end to find out more about clives stories , novels , free podcasts and downloads , and videos why not visit : www.clivegilson.com also by clive and available as free dancing pig ebooks : dancing pig originals songs of bliss a thriller a full length novel first published in 2011 into the walled garden poetry - collected works 2001 - 2010 five shorts jamuls happy day beasts within series of stories but for the moon fancy and the flutter devil in the detail lord of the north wind nine lives ragtrade gepetto the beast within the marchese 's gift the mechanic 's curse the tender kiss bastille day shadowgrimm series of stories a question of spin airs and graces all for one barley sour beginning with smith big black boots do unto others happy families jack and jill went up the hill miss jones and the refugee phantom of sixpenny stalls picking the wings off crane flies terry 's amazing shin pads the mobile phone the politicians new speech the television bride towering dreams where the grass is greenest where there 's a will bogey bear stars in the incredible shrinking bogey bear arklands series of stories arklands , part 1 - beachhead cry havoc series of stories transcript cry freedom series of stories acts of faith clives latest full length novel about dancing pig media dancing pig is clive gilsons own imprint , designed especially to provide production and ebook dissemination services , initially for clives own work , but with an eye on helping other writers in the future .
they passed the casino of the la - palm royal resort and turned into a drive lined with manicured palms and gardens , pulling up under a canopied turnabout .
the woodchucks are trashing dads garden as usual .
there were even sketches of his garden numbered with the sequence in which he usually watered his own plants .
he could see it in how they worked , the frantic bursts of activity with which they unloaded trucks and trimmed trees in the gardens of the presidential palace .
he got his exercise doing practical things , like chopping firewood or tilling his garden .
the city transitioned to clusters of single - family wooden shacks surrounded by papaya groves and garden plots growing sugar cane and maize .
it opened to a walled ornamental garden and beyond , cultivated fields bounded by orchards .
quite a garden you have here or should i say , farm ?
the ` ` residence '' was an imposing mansion , with an enormous driveway , an english , sculpted garden , and a series of working fountains .
libby unlocked the gate connecting the garden with the bustling thoroughfare that encircled the gmg .
ss sentinels guard the entrance to a token garden and half naked men are strolling the grounds , or playing ball , or crouching , frowning at chessboards .
on the ground , ed spotted a garden with large decorative rocks .
and his garden inspired jealousy from everyone in the neighborhood .
shed dreamt of the garden more than once .
although she could not see the cameras themselves , the images on the screens indicated that they were likely in hidden positions in trees , bushes and under gnomes or garden ornaments .
most of them were portraits of various famous persons in many and varied styles : there was an impressionist piece of mother theresa in a garden ; a cubist picture of george clooney in a suit ; a pop art piece displaying the visage of david tennant gazing down from the side of a tin can .
she had , until then , been working at a garden centre .
chapter six the initial procedures for starting construction on the newest tallest building in the world are much the same as they would be for the erection of a simple garden shed , or for the extension of a modest square footage on the rear of ones kitchen : a form is filled in , a permission is sought , and a small announcement is published in the local press , and maintained in the offices of the planning department of the immediate governing authority , for public scrutiny and comment by anyone who should chance upon the news .
once they had reached prymorsky park , and were both seated beneath a gnarled and twisted cypress tree , looking across to the statue of chekhov in the beautiful tropical gardens , yershov teased garnet that he had instructed the builders in pripyat not to include an elevator in the new construction , so that the buildings benefactor would be beholden to someone else if he ever wished to make the ascent to the summit .
martins sense of growing depression was only compounded when their guide explained that the next project for reconstruction was to be the magnificent hanging gardens , one of the seven wonders of the ancient world , and after that saddam intended to complete his grand plan by building a new tower of babel .
garnet sighed , so you wish for your reputation to be judged on the basis of two garden sheds , only fit for habitation by amphibious weasels ?
an area of tastefully landscaped gardens framed a central piazza in front of the front entrance of the building , the main square looking ever more like a checkerboard of small white and black tiles the higher that martin and garnet climbed .
they passed exquisite gardens , before arriving in front of an eye - opening , gable - roofed georgian - style mansion built of sturdy limestone .
bronson passed a splendid garden with life - size representations of the fourteen traditional stations of the cross .
she seated them , and cheerfully spread plastic menus on the table as if they were at the olive garden .
it was surrounded by exquisite gardens and featured a panoramic view of the lake .
miss rose grabbed beths hand and helped her down the steps of the gazebo into a beautiful sunken garden .
after leaving the garden area , they entered a path that trailed through a thick , wooded area , eventually arriving in a meadow - like clearing .
he then picked a large rock from the garden and threw it through the garcias garage window .
the light emancipated from a large bay window , illuminating the wet grass and glistening flower gardens of the manicured front yard .
there was a collection of stone garden ornaments outside ednas street door , which sasha found a sad sight .
it was as though this stretch of concrete compensated for the garden she did nt have .
okay , its roses garden centre , brighton road , its on the a259 .
after he d seen judith , he d hung around and chatted to patsy in the garden .
outside the shop was a huge garden area filled with plants of many colours and types .
this is a lovely garden centre , she said .
susan led them into the kitchen , a long room with french doors at the bottom that opened out onto a beautifully landscaped garden .
she gets tired easily , so i pay me mate ray a few euros to come in and tend to the garden .
they run a garden centre .
its got six bedrooms and a huge garden and everything i could possibly need .
at the bottom of the garden is a gate that leads directly to a private beach .
there has nt been much rain , have to water my garden so everything does nt die .
his thoughts went back to freedom , having a place of his own or moving back in with his mom , helping her take care of the garden and the house , relieving her of some of the emptiness in the house and her life .
he wondered whether fine was what she told her friends after their times together , after the night when they had scandalised a broadgate pub , after the indolent afternoon in kensington gardens when he drawn finger - pictures on her back , after their blood - curdling rows .
yet the description is accurate , for the tube station is dislocated from the temple itself instead a strange , single storey stone building in the middle of a bunch of gardens by the river , convenient only for those who want to look at cleopatras needle or visit a tired australian bar .
wrought iron railings frame impossibly perfect gardens , in summer a mixture of blooming bougainvillea and sexually desirable secretaries munching organic salads with foldout forks .
she avoided the gardens presumably averse to tramps and fingering french teenagers and joined a little throng heading around the corner into the tube station .
he turned up the side street and started running again , up a slope and past terraces of houses with small , paved front gardens , to the brow of a low hill where the road met two wide , dismal suburban streets , lit by orange lamps , crowded with cars .
he turned and ran on , past more houses , more cars , more gardens , dismal little roads with iron railings and fir trees and the cheap darkness of playing fields , laburnums and larches dappling the glow of the rain spray in the sodium light .
obsessive watering the plants in his front garden .
judith led him down the garden path into relationship talk , letting him think she was interested , and then she drilled him with questions about talbot and the projects going on within its walls , siphoning as much insider information as she could .
elegant , roomy , on what looked to be a lot of land covered with gardens and barns of all shapes and sorts .
on one wall , a selection of farm and garden tools hung each using nails or railroad pegs .
i was in the garden and overheard some of ( most of ) the conversation you had with mr . jacobs .
she had been working in the flower garden like she said and only bits and pieces of the discussion had drifted across the yard to her ears .
moss draped oak trees , and widely colorful gardens highlighted the grounds .
sleek stretch limos glistened in the streetlamps , no doubt ferrying the well - to - do to their connecticut cottages and svelte downtown apartments or a game or concert at madison square garden .
real roses from gramms garden always replaced the fake ones come late spring .
i picked them myself from gramms garden .
samantha remembered how they used to walk together among the garden , momma clad in her white straw hat with the wide brim to protect her dewy skin .
no big ceremonies in the rose garden for this one .
chapter 35 - rose garden tea the invitation to the rose garden tea brought a sense of triumph .
chapter 35 - rose garden tea the invitation to the rose garden tea brought a sense of triumph .
as he slowly stirred from the garden , a barrage of shots sliced the air .
and they would never ask for food from our garden .
my mother explained to miguel and the other men that our garden was full and that she would bring them vegetables every other day .
we would take them vegetables from the garden , milk from isabel , eggs from the coop .
my mother 's garden was producing enough tomatoes and onions to feed all of black oak , so she sliced a platter of them for every meal .
she would finish her chores , spend an hour in her garden , then join us for a hard day in the fields .
my worst chore of the late afternoon was in the garden .
i thought it was cruel to force me , or any other seven - year - old kid for that matter , to awake before sunrise , work in the fields all day , and then pull garden duty before supper .
but i knew we were lucky to have such a beautiful garden .
i do n't know how my mother got the entire garden , but there was no doubt it belonged to her .
she was constantly searching for weeds , little trespassers that survived only momentarily in our garden .
the garden work was not as rough in the late summer as it was in the spring , when the ground had to be tilled and the weeds grew faster than the vegetables .
the garden was full of snakes , all harmless , but snakes nonetheless .
when the house got crowded , i could always find her in the garden , talking to her vegetables .
he flipped it , and when it was brown on one side , he added a thin layer of salsa - finely chopped tomatoes and onions and peppers , all from our garden .
their garden was huge and its yield legendary .
they talked about their gardens and the weather and church the next day , and about who was definitely having a baby and who might be .
not long after stick left , i was marched into the garden and ordered to haul food .
my parents sat in the shade , on one of the many quilts the ladies at the church made during the winter , and shared a cantaloupe from our garden .
we gathered some vegetables from the garden , but only a few things .
thursday afternoon , my mother found me in the fields and said that i was needed in the garden .
the latchers had a garden , though not much of one .
as we entered our garden , i realized what my mother was doing .
under the strict supervision of my mother , i began picking tomatoes , cucumbers , peas , butter beans , corn - almost everything in the garden .
a balance to the garden could be maintained if she could keep her distance , survey the entire plot , and with the eye of an artist , direct my efforts , or my father 's , in removing the food from the vines .
i hated the garden , but at that moment i hated the fields even more .
she was never in a hurry in the garden , because it was her sanctuary , but today she was planning an ambush , and time was crucial .
she stepped beside me and peered through the cornstalks that bordered and secluded her garden , and when her eyes settled upon the painted board , she , too , stood still .
` ` would you like to see my garden ? ''
` ` go on , sweetheart , kathleen has the prettiest garden in arkansas . ''
gran was at the garden gate , resting on the fence , watching my mother and stacy go from plant to plant .
i darted through the garden and picked him up , thinking i was helping matters .
i ducked back between the chicken coops , then looped around the garden on the east side of the house .
other than wet cotton , there was surprisingly little damage - several scattered tree branches , the usual washed - out gullies , and some ripped - up tomato plants in the garden .
we noticed it from the garden , and upon closer inspection saw where our painter - trot , we still presumed - had worked his way up to the fifth board from the bottom and had applied the first coat to an area about the size of a small window .
we made a quick pass through the garden , gathering just the essentials - tomatoes , cucumbers , and two red peppers that caught her eye .
we gathered vegetables from the garden .
she and gran spent hours during the summer and early fall putting up vegetables from our garden - tomatoes , peas , beans , okra , mustard greens , and corn .
the canning began as soon as the garden started producing .
my mother forced me into the garden , where we gathered enough food for twenty people .
` ` we 're gon na work in the garden , '' my mother said .
my parents returned from the garden with the baskets laden with produce .
` ` luke , go help your mother in the garden , '' my father said as the mexicans were loading up .
food was important , though : food for a long winter , one that would follow a bad crop , one in which everything we ate would come from the garden .
the garden changed with each season , except for winter , when it was finally at rest , replenishing itself for the months to come .
my mother was in the garden waiting for me .
and what if the water reaches the garden ? ''
the first frost would kill what was left of our garden .
since we could n't pick cotton , the garden got our attention .
pappy , who hated garden work more than i did , was nearby picking butter beans and doing so with commendable effort .
the garden was getting harvested like never before .
` ` god gave us a bountiful garden for a reason , '' she added , nodding at my mother .
normally she would have sent one of the three boys to the store , but they were being punished by their father and had been sentenced to weed - pulling in the garden .
sunday lunch on eva 's table was a typical southern feast of fried meats , fresh garden vegetables - boiled , battered , baked , and raw , homemade rolls and biscuits , two gravies , watermelon , cantaloupe , peach cobbler , lemon pie , and strawberry shortcake .
her family would be of little help , maybe some vegetables from the garden and a few bucks for milk and eggs .
one of his mother 's friends from the garden club .
suddenly , the rescuer soaked himself with water from the garden hose , dashed into the burning house , fought the flames and smoke as he raced upstairs , then bolted through the bedroom door .
my beautiful home that everyone took pictures of and the old ladies from the garden club tried to get written up in southern living has been reduced to rubble .
formal gardens , planted with lavender , roses , and box hedges in the european style , cascaded down the hillside to steps beach , one of the quietest and most prestigious beaches on the island .
later , grace had been picking raspberries in the garden when she overheard lenny shouting out of their bedroom window .
then she pulled up the rope , turned around and lowered herself down into le cocon 's courtyard garden .
lenny said something similar actually , in the garden at le cocon .
in the gardens ?
he wondered if it was his body or just his spirit that had floated down from heaven toward the soft , darkened expanse of the vatican city gardens ... alighting like a silent angel on the deserted lawns , his black parachute shrouded from the madness by the towering shadow of st . peter 's basilica .
` ` you ca n't bring a semi full of missiles to a garden apartment in century city or wherever . ''
normally on wednesday mornings wright went to balboa park , where he walked in the gardens , fed the pigeons , and relaxed .
these were the gardens in which claude monet had experimented with form and color , and literally inspired the birth of the impressionist movement .
right now , the garden needs to be weeded . ''
we have them in the garden .
chapter 32 the security alarm on the west end of the denon wing sent the pigeons in the nearby tuileries gardens scattering as langdon and sophie dashed out of the bulkhead into the paris night .
chapter 37 the heavily forested park known as the bois de boulogne was called many things , but the parisian cognoscenti knew it as '' the garden of earthly delights . ''
within seconds she had the car humming smoothly westward along allee de longchamp , leaving the garden of earthly delights behind .
nor did one need a background in symbolism to understand that snow white - a princess who fell from grace after partaking of a poisoned apple - was a clear allusion to the downfall of eve in the garden of eden .
go through chapter house , out south exit , to public garden .
the garden is outside the abbey walls .
langdon had once visited the abbey 's famous college garden - a small fruit orchard and herb garden - left over from the days when monks grew natural pharmacological remedies here .
langdon had once visited the abbey 's famous college garden - a small fruit orchard and herb garden - left over from the days when monks grew natural pharmacological remedies here .
boasting the oldest living fruit trees in great britain , college garden was a popular spot for tourists to visit without having to enter the abbey .
` ` maybe from the exit we would have a view of the garden ?
even from here , langdon could see that its heavy wooden door was wide open , and the spacious octagonal interior was bathed in a grayish natural light from the room 's enormous windows that looked out on college garden .
go through chapter house , outsouth exit , to public garden .
` ` we just left the east cloister , '' langdon said , '' so the south exit to the garden must be through there and to the right . ''
gazing out at the rustling trees of college garden , langdon sensed her playful presence .
the goddess was in the garden now .
chapter 102 the mist had settled low on kensington gardens as silas limped into a quiet hollow out of sight .
` ` i tried for red roses , '' he said , ` ` but i almost got shot sneaking into the rose garden . ''
pruning the rose garden ?
' if you really do n't want a fast ride over to that window and an even faster one down to the rock garden , you best mind what i say . '
sounded like a bull with his pizzle caught in the garden gate .
she 'd yanked her straw sunhat on so hard the brim touched her ears , and she was takin such snaps with those garden - shears of hers that you'd'a thought she was madam durfarge choppin off heads instead of vera donovan cuttin roses for the parlor n dinin room .
she caught me out in my little vegetable garden on thursday , still two days before they finally found joe , and she says , ' mamma , tell me somethin . '
that was when the coldness started to come in , though , that afternoon in the garden .
' i said someone must be spreadin manure in their garden , ' i says , ' because i smell a lot more bullshit around here than usual . '
i saw the same questions in her eyes then as had been there twelve years before , when she came up to me in the garden , amongst the beans n the cukes : ' did you do anything to him ? '
when my anger tried to take me past that place , i stopped it happenin by thinkin of sammy marchant , how his eyes had looked as he knelt there on the stairs lookin first at that rollin pin and then up at me - as dark as the ocean just ahead of a squall - line , they were , like selena 's had been that day in the garden .
they looked like selena 's had looked that day in the garden , all dark n full of questions .
there was a little entrance road through twenty yards of garden .
the two cabin blocks were parallel , facing each other across a thirty - foot - wide rectangle of garden .
then he took a breath and one long fluid step away and bent down and picked up a rock from the garden .
but the rock from the garden was lying there in the middle of the floor , nested in shards of broken glass .
it was a majestic fortress that had been remodeled into a splendid home , complete with vast gardens and courtyards .
then suburbs , two - family houses , curving roads , tiny green back yards , garden sheds , and then acres of airport parking full of small cars , many of them red .
he carried pauling 's bag for her and they walked south and east toward sussex gardens .
like a japanese garden , maybe , or like the low - water - use yards conscientious californians were starting to put in .
there was a long - abandoned vegetable garden , ringed by a rusted rabbit fence .
once there had been beautiful gardens , but the zec had razed the trees and leveled the shrubberies to create a completely flat and open vista all around .
they knew where she lived , which was in a rented garden apartment that nestled on a barren patch of land in the shadow of the state highway , where it first rose on its stilts , south and west of downtown .
then he scanned the forensic sweep through alexandra dupree 's garden apartment .
there was a strong scent of pine and mimosa in the air and the freshly watered gardens of the casino opposite , interspersed with neat gravel parterres and paths , lent the scene a pretty formalism more appropriate to ballet than to melodrama .
the gardens were spruced and the fountains played again and the two main hotels , the splendide and the hermitage , were prinked and furbished and restaffed .
sun was streaming into the bright room and garden sounds came through the window .
then he was allowed to sit in the garden .
if they had a garden , or a front porch , a few midnight forays around the rich out - of - town ` ` swimming - pool '' residences would take care of the outdoor furniture , children 's heavy playthings , perhaps even the lawnmower and sprinklers .
i purchased a divorce and bought a small chateau for my daughter in the dordogne and installed her there , and for once , with the baby and a pretty garden to look after , she seemed almost at peace .
there was dead silence in the box - like little lath - and - paper room , and the soft gurgling of the tiny brook in the ornamental square of garden outside the opened partition could be heard clearly for the first time that evening .
the lights of yokohama glowed a deep orange along the horizon , and a slight smell of the harbour and the sea came in through the wide - open partition leading on to the garden .
but today , on the last day of august , just eight months , as he had reminded himself that morning , since tracy had died , he sat in queen mary 's rose garden in regent 's park , and his mind was totally occupied with just these things .
and now he had thrown up the fifty - guinea course after only half the treatment and had come to sit in this secluded garden before going back to his office ten minutes away across the park .
nowadays they are even more inclined to regard the pacific as their own back garden . '
bond said , ' we had a man called captain cook and various others who discovered much of this garden .
he carried high references from the jardin des plantes in paris , kew gardens , and other authorities , but these were couched in rather nebulous terms .
he quickly got in touch with the equivalent authorities in japan and with experts in the ministry of agriculture , and these gentlemen were astonished and delighted to learn that doctor shatterhand was prepared to spend no less than one million pounds on establishing an exotic garden or park in this country which he would stock with a priceless collection of rare plants and shrubs from all over the world .
you see , this man shatterhand has created what i can only describe as a garden of death . '
what 's it got to do with friend shatterhand and his pretty garden ? '
you see , much against the good doctor 's wishes of course , his poison garden has become the most desirable site for suicides in the whole of japan .
james bond felt he was living inside a dream : the little room , partitioned in imitation rice - paper and cedar plywood , the open vista of a small , inscrutable garden in which water tinkled , the distant redness of an imminent dawn , the long background of sake and cigarettes , the quiet voice of the storyteller telling a fairy tale , as it might be told in a tent under the stars .
later , sitting sweating and reflecting in the comfortable wooden box , very tired , slightly , but cheerfully , drunk , he remembered his dismal thoughts in queen mary 's rose garden .
he sat at the open partition that gave on to a handkerchief of garden and then the sea wall and gazed gloomily across the water at a giant statue of a man in a bowler hat and morning coat that tiger had told him was mr mikimoto , founder of the cultured pearl industry , who had been born at toba and had there , as a poor fisherman , invented the trick of inserting grains of sand under the mantle of a live oyster to form the kernel of a pearl .
a few gifts of rare plants to famous botanical gardens , the financing of a handful of expeditions , and all the while in the back of his mind the plan one day to retire and ' cultiver son jardin ' .
and what a garden !
a garden that would be like a deadly fly - trap for human beings , a killing bottle for those who wanted to die .
but the garden of death had n't quite finished the display of its wares .
and it was vital that he should remain a ' ghost ' in the garden , not get involved in some daft argument with a man he did n't know , about some ancient sin he could never understand .
why did n't the japanese air force come and bomb this place to eternity , set the castle and the poison garden ablaze with napalm ?
so long as their maskos and nose - pieces protected them from the poisons in the garden , the main thing was to do their jobs conscientiously and perhaps , one day , they would get a minister of selfdestruction appointed in the diet !
the girl from the garden came in .
to his left , a door into the garden was open and sun streamed in .
here or in the garden ?
i 'll go out into the garden for ten minutes or so .
bond walked to the door into the garden .
he did n't look up when major smythe pulled up another aluminum garden chair and put his drink on the grass beside him .
bond thought for a while , then he picked up the telephone and spoke briefly to a man at the eastern garden aquarium at miami and consulted him about buying a live shark to keep in an ornamental lagoon .
through the slats of the jalousies bond looked across the little garden , aflame with hibiscus , bougainvillea and roses , which ended in the tiny crescent of white sand half obscured by the trunks of the palms .
they had talked some more and then strangways had left and bond had walked painfully out into the garden to sit for a while in the sunshine with his thoughts .
hatton garden .
gem merchants in hatton garden .
` ` i want you to take commander bond to the house of diamonds in hatton garden .
at gamages they turned left into hatton garden and the car drew up near the neat white portals of the london diamond club .
then they cut across town and pulled up half way down west 46th street , the hatton garden of new york .
and what the duty operator was sending at exactly ten pm eastern standard time , was a cable addressed : abc , care house of diamonds , hatton garden , london , which said : parties located stop if matter requires drastic solution essential you state price payable in dollars .
the man he 'd taken a look at in hatton garden .
the man bond had only once seen for a few minutes in an overheated room in covent garden .
the garden in which the man lay was about an acre of well - kept lawn surrounded on three sides by thickly banked rose bushes from which came the steady murmur of bees .
behind the drowsy noise of the bees the sea boomed softly at the bottom of the cliff at the end of the garden .
from them you could see a great expanse of blue water in front of you and , on either side , the upper windows of neighbouring villas and the tops of the trees in their gardens - mediterranean - type evergreen oaks , stone pines , casuarinas and an occasional palm tree .
it is jamaica 's park avenue , its kensington palace gardens , its avenue d'lena .
the ' best ' people live in its big old - fashioned houses , each in an acre or two of beautiful lawn set , too trimly , with the finest trees and flowers from the botanical gardens at hope .
they pulled into a parking place and bond followed quarrel through the gate into a small garden of palm trees growing out of lawn .
a gecko chuckled somewhere in the garden .
bond changed up into top and dawdled through the cool , beautiful glades of castleton gardens .
bond went to the icebox and took a pint of canadian club blended rye and some ice and soda - water and went and sat in the garden and watched the last light flame and die .
i waited in his garden in the bushes and watched him go up to bed .
bond guessed that it shone up through the slats of the jalousies from a fountain or a lily pond in the garden outside the tall windows .
the plan was that he would meet mr du pont in the garden at ten o'clock .
mr du pont had said he would give bond the key when they met in the garden .
he then went purposefully out into the garden .
bond walked to the rail that surrounded the roof and looked down into the garden , reflecting on mr goldfinger .
a small percentage of those people become gold hoarders , people who are frightened of currencies , who like to bury some sovereigns in the garden or under the bed .
the loire is dressed for just that - chasing that girl until you run her to ground at lunch - time , the contact at the empty restaurant by the river , out in the garden under the vine trellis .
in this big finely planted garden there was enough honey for all .
there was a group of wrought - iron garden furniture where the dam wall left the bank and , halfway along the wall , a diving - board and a ladder to climb out of the lake .
there were no people in the photograph , but on the stone flags in front of the patio was a quantity of expensive - looking aluminium garden furniture and a central glass table with drinks .
he shook it free , but now gonzales was up and running forward to the group of garden furniture .
very up - to - date equipment , and he 's even got his own herb garden .
it looks right over the herb garden .
they ' ve got their own herb garden , you know . ''
` ` i know all about their bloody herb garden .
the herb garden , row upon row of small nameless plants round a central sundial , smiled up at him .
shady garden .
there are birds and tropical flowers and palm trees , imported fully grown from florida , in the beautiful gardens of the millionaires round the coast , but in the middle of the island there is nothing to attract the eye but the skeleton fingers of spidery windmill pumps sticking up above the pine barrens , and bond spent the ride to the airport reviewing the morning .
as american religious ideals changed , however , the joking criticism turned to controversy , and the statue was removed , banished to a shed in the east garden .
chapter 63 in a quiet neighborhood just west of embassy row in washington , there exists a medieval - style walled garden whose roses , it is said , spring from twelfth - century plants .
chapter 74 the jungle , as it is known , is the centerpiece of the u.s . botanic garden ( usbg ) -- america 's living museum -- located adjacent to the u.s . capitol building .
bring them to the u.s . botanic garden .
on their right was a medieval - style garden , famous for its ancient rosebushes and shadow house gazebo .
the cathedral garth was a cloistered , pentagonal garden with a bronze postmodern fountain .
i had a buck in my pocket from weeding mrs . katzentz 's flower garden the day before , and i could go to the movies in brunswick if i could hook a ride , and work up a good head of self - pity sitting there in the dark .
several framed color enlargements showed cheryl austin smiling in front of asian backgrounds - the red gates of a shrine , a formal garden , a street with gray skyscrapers , a train station .
we walked up steps through a cactus garden toward the house , which was modern , concrete , and fortresslike .
we went outside and stood by the edge of the cactus garden .
he looked around , lit another cigarette , ` ` this 's a nice cactus garden , huh ?
eddie in the cactus garden at night , smoking cigarettes , flicking them away .
i sat watching the rocks in the garden turn gold , then red .
i looked back at the rocks in the garden .
the boboli gardens .
the massive expanse of the boboli gardens was now a popular tourist attraction .
langdon had little doubt that if he and sienna could gain entrance to the gardens , they could make their way across it , bypassing the porta romana undetected .
after all , the gardens were vast and had no shortage of hiding places - forests , labyrinths , grottoes , nymphaea .
` ` how do we get into the gardens ? ''
` ` you ca n't get into the gardens from here .
` ` you 're telling me you guys do n't sneak into the gardens to smoke weed and fool around ? ''
from here , the palazzo pitti was entirely obscured from view , and langdon sensed they were about as far from the palace as one could get in the gardens .
he eyed the maze of garden pathways before them .
langdon pictured the spike - haired woman coldly killing dr . marconi ... the soldiers firing on them ... the italian military police gathering in the porta romana ... and now a surveillance drone tracking them through the boboli gardens .
` ` the pitti palace is that way , '' langdon said , pointing east , away from the isolotto , toward the garden 's main thoroughfare - the viottolone , which ran east - west along the entire length of the grounds .
bruder turned his attention to the map of the boboli gardens , which was spread out on the hood .
they made a poor choice , he thought , eyeing the garden layout .
the boboli gardens were the closest thing to a natural killbox that bruder had ever seen in the field .
irreverently known by locals as ` ` the fountain of the fork , '' this water feature was considered the central point of the gardens .
traditionally , formal palaces were situated on high ground so that anyone in the gardens had to look uphill at the building .
the pitti palace , however , was situated in a low valley near the arno river , meaning that people in the boboli gardens looked downhill at the palace .
on this strange morning , the most welcome sight was not the palace itself , but the tourists streaming out of the building into the lower gardens .
the palace was open , which meant that langdon and sienna would have no trouble slipping inside and passing through the building to escape the gardens .
as they dashed along the wall , it grew shorter beside them , until finally they could see over it into the vast expanse of the boboli gardens .
` ` this garden is a walled city , just like ... '' he paused suddenly , turning and looking east .
the path led directly into a maze garden , but langdon confidently turned left into a wide gravel patio , which he skirted , staying behind a hedge in the shadows of the overhanging trees .
her eyes turned instinctively skyward , and she spotted it at once - a small remote - controlled helicopter rising fast over the palace and swooping down over the treetops in the direction of the northeast corner of the boboli gardens .
apparently it was surveying the northeast corner of the gardens , the area closest to ponte vecchio and vayentha 's position , which gave her additional encouragement .
` ` and are there any other hidden exits from the boboli gardens ?
` ` the western exits were the first to be sealed ... and confidence is high that we ' ve got them trapped inside the gardens . ''
` ` i finally figured out what you meant before ... what vatican city has in common with the boboli gardens . ''
ernesto would greet them , unlock the metal grate , and permit the group to pass through to the little gray door , where their tour would end in the boboli gardens .
` ` the only possibility is that they are still in the gardens . ''
there were plenty of other bridges , and yet they seemed to be impossibly far on foot from the boboli gardens .
ranging from the garden of eden to moses to king solomon 's temple , ghiberti 's sculpted narrative unfolded across two vertical columns of five panels each .
there was a single plastic garden chair in the corner .
reacher sat in the plastic garden chair and ignored them .
` ` go west to the thruway , south to the palisades , pick up the garden state . ''
do it well enough , and you 'll be the barroom king of the garden state , no time at all . ''
that 's how you do business in this part of the garden state , miss , begging your damn pardon , your fancy ideas notwithstanding . ` `
they sat in the garden and had coffee , and she told him about the honeymoon and the places they had been .
the day nurse , frances gordon , was wheeling toby out in his chair to the garden to get some sun .
the houses on the streets were all set apart , not jumbled together , and most of them had a small garden in front .
that night when samuel went to bed , he lay awake for a long time , thinking about krakow and the beautiful houses with their flowers and green gardens .
ivo 's first thought was that donatella had happened to be here at the tivoli gardens by coincidence , but the instant he saw the expression on her face , he knew better .
it seemed to max that there was an army of men infiltrating the garden .
eve had been cast out of the garden of eden .
they 'd sat outside in the garden on a joyously warm spring day .
the gardens came complete with a fake stream powered by a hidden electric pump and a faux - medieval bridge .
george and edward webster found their mother in the garden .
the entire garden of cedar hill house , a vast sloping lawn that led from the house right down to the water , was covered with a white canvas tent .
grabbing one of the chairs , she dragged it over to the back of the garden .
stanford and sophia sat at a table in the garden , by the pool , where stanford could admire the braque and calder .
he had studied horticulture and loved spending his days creating beautiful gardens .
the library was huge and opened onto a garden through two large french doors .
in the public 153 garden one day , you picked some flowers and were almost arrested . '
woody almost got arrested for picking flowers in the public garden . ''
they had reached charles street , the entrance to the public garden .
used to have picnics in the public garden .
he took her out to madison square garden to watch the rangers play , to a disco club and to an occasional play or movie .
someone had once called him a vegetable garden .
she bought a fountain and statues for the garden , a lipschitz , a noguchi and a miro .
the house was set back from the street , surrounded by a small white picket fence with a carefully tended garden in front .
there was an enormous garden under a waterfall , and a swimming pool .
the twin bridges of the garden state parkway were not named on the map .
the garden state parkway crossed the raritan river between the amboys , splitting into the two bridges , one northbound and the other southbound .
when she was strong enough to move about , she spent her days tending the colorful gardens in the grounds of the convent , in the incandescent light that bathed greece in a celestial glow , with the soft winds carrying the pungent aroma of lemons and vines .
there were no mirrors in the convent , but there was a reflecting pool outside , near the garden .
catherine had a sudden flash of memory ... a vague image of a man talking to her in the garden of the convent , handing her something ... but then it was gone .
the poor dear ... '' she walked over to the window where several nuns were working in the garden .
she was waiting for him in the garden of the villa .
they took a motor launch to torcello and dined at locanda cipriani in the lovely flower - filled garden .
and catherine was reminded of the garden at the convent , and she remembered how lost she had been then .
they wandered through the sculpture garden of the musee rodin and had romantic dinners at auberge de trois bonheurs , and au petit chez soi , and d'chez eux .
on the grounds were tall shade trees , ponds , and a colorful garden .
it had a queen anne - british slang for a front garden - and a mary anne - a back garden - and in season the flowers were magnificent .
it had a queen anne - british slang for a front garden - and a mary anne - a back garden - and in season the flowers were magnificent .
after that came a saddle of lamb with an assortment of fresh vegetables from the count 's gardens .
two days later , at 9:00 a.m. , tracy was seated on a bench in the gardens of the retiro , the beautiful park running through the center of madrid , feeding the pigeons .
in paris , tracy stayed at the classic plaza athne , in a lovely old suite that overlooked the garden restaurant .
she raced through the pages of the perfumed garden and the kama sutra , the tibetan arts of love , the alchemy of ecstasy , and then went back for more .
they visited the dutch mill and the japanese tea garden .
in front of the house was a little lawn and garden , surrounded by a white picket fence .
now it 's filled with brightly colored victorian homes and gardens .
maybe someday i 'll have a garden and i 'll take a trip to africa .
i was in a huge garden filled with flowers ...
monet got so hooked on painting out of doors that when he decided to paint a picture of a woman in the garden , with a canvas over eight feet high , he had a trench dug in the garden so he could raise or lower the canvas by pulleys .
monet got so hooked on painting out of doors that when he decided to paint a picture of a woman in the garden , with a canvas over eight feet high , he had a trench dug in the garden so he could raise or lower the canvas by pulleys .
` ` i ' ve set it up for her to paint in the garden every afternoon .
she enjoyed being in the garden with her canvas and brushes .
` ` it looks like there 's a beautiful garden out there .
why do n't you join miss aniston in the garden , and i 'll send ashley out when she comes . ''
looking at him now , in the garden , playing with the little girl , ashley opened her mouth and began to scream , and could not stop .
in the afternoons , dr . keller would listen to toni play the piano and sing , and he would watch alette painting in the garden .
say that you 're having trouble with insects in your garden .
` ` my - my gardener tells me he 's having trouble with insects in the garden .
and there were dances at the forum and the venetian gardens . ''
there were two movie theaters , and for dancing , the venetian gardens .
is the top floor apartment still occupied , the one with the roof garden ? ''
the tenant who has the roof garden says you put up a sign blocking his view .
he visited the rijksmuseum , and he strolled through the botanical gardens of the free university , and window - shopped along the p.c .
when philip returned to the hotel , they had coffee in the verdant garden of the cipriani .
one evening he caught a glimpse of edward , the prince of wales , entering a restaurant near covent garden by the side door , a beautiful young lady on his arm .
the seasonal rains had turned the countryside into an enormous , colorful garden , filled with the luxuriant bush karroo , and the spreading rhenoster bush and heaths and diosmas plants that could be found nowhere else in the world .
the house was surrounded by green lawns studded with trees and a lush rose garden .
` ` just in the garden , where i can keep an eye on him . ''
the farm had vegetable gardens , chickens , cows , pigs and horses .
the two of them walked through the large , formal gardens toward the dock where the corsair was tied up .
she drove past blackbeard 's tower and the lovely ardastra gardens where the colorful flamingos were on parade .
in upstate new york , tony blackwell was standing before his easel in the garden of the sanitarium .
thick - paned latticed windows overlooked a highwalled garden .
there was a garden in front of the hospital with brightly colored flowers , but graciela was too dazed even to notice them .
it was the man she had seen in her garden .
sister graciela was assigned to work in the garden , tending the tiny rainbows of god 's miracle , never tiring of their splendor .
the gate leading to the garden was open , and he walked directly to the pool house .
from the garden one of the nuns brought fresh flowers woven into a crown .
the inauguration took place in the garden of the state capitol in frankfort , near the exquisite thirty - four - foot floral clock .
it was large , with a lovely garden , in a quiet suburb on marion street .
the hotel had a spectacular garden where they served drinks and meals .
fifteen minutes later , we were in the garden of the lancaster .
come on down to the garden .
we spent part of the time writing in the garden and part of the time writing in our suite .
but alexandra would never watch a sunset or walk through a beautiful garden .
jeannie thought the house was too small , so she blinked in an enormous ballroom , an ornate dining room , a huge garden , and a large swimming pool .
she ai n't got but a five - foot garden fence mike shakes his head to indicate he does n't know , then taps his lips with a forefinger , indicating that hatch should keep quiet .
` ` watering my garden . ''
` ` you sure that 's safe for your garden ? ''
his summer garden glistened from a good soaking .
the change of scenery was doing her good , though it was strange to look around at barrel - vaulted ceilings and the colorful costumes of the beer garden employees .
an outdoor beer garden spread out to the left .
they had iced coffee as they inspected the judge 's small vegetable garden .
before college , he was always around the office at five on tuesday afternoons when mr . randolph weeks stopped by with a delivery of food - fruits and vegetables from his garden in the spring and summer and pork , poultry , or wild game in the fall and winter .
the hotel nearest his apartment was the chelsea garden , a fifteen - minute walk .
he strolled into the burkliplatz , the square that overlooked the ziirichsee , with its numerous quays along the waterfront bordered by gardens that in the heat of summer became circles of bursting flowers .
somewhere in an empty car park or a deserted garden overlooking the water , a short , stocky man was about to carry out an execution ordered by a dead man .
at the rear of the room was a pair of french windows that apparently led to an outside garden , the outline of a high stone wall seen dimly through the panes of thick glass .
he had glanced up before and had noticed the roof gardens before , relating them to a gracious garden several blocks away towards the park , beyond a pair of elegant french doors at the far end of a large ... complicated ... room .
beyond the panes of glass were the high walls of the garden ... all around him objects too painful to look at ; he knew them and did not know them .
picasso 's rose garden was a carefully tended patch of dirt next to the gym .
once the garden was approved , the warden quickly signed off , and picasso dug in with both hands .
he lovingly planted them in the front and center of his garden .
his beloved garden had become a favorite watering hole .
six minutes after the explosion , the electricity in garden city went out , and cairo was dark except for the orange glow of the american embassy .
the day before the kramer bombing he had stopped at eddie 's house in clanton , he could n't remember why except that he did deliver some fresh spinach from his garden , and he had played with little alan , now adam , for a few minutes in the front yard .
it was small and colorful , a pleasant little garden amid the streets and buildings .
a garden hose ran from the exhaust pipe into the front seat .
a plush garden surrounded a series of fountains and pools outside the room .
just like the white arbor monument in the garden where members of the press were still gathered , listening to the so - called experts .
the rosenborg slot , where the danish crown jewels were displayed , stood a few blocks away , the botanical gardens nearby .
in the years before he died he erected an arbor in the garden of his oxfordshire mansion .
but what bainbridge erected in his garden is even more puzzling .
she guided cassiopeia to the thick trunk of a tall maple , one of three stately trees shading the garden .
thirty - four bainbridge hall , england 5:20 am malone admired the marble arbor in the garden .
manicured grass stretched out from the garden in a pewter sea , the bushes and shrubs islands of shadow .
from a safe distance in the garden , among belts of towering cedars , he studied the ground floor .
forty - seven vienna 4:30 pm thorvaldsen admired alfred hermann 's spectacle of flowers , water , and marble , the enormous garden an obvious labor of several generations .
from there it was six feet to the grass of the cloister garden .
he did not want to attract attention , so he kept his gait measured , smiling and casually greeting members who milled about in the rose garden near the house .
the two men , neither of whom he saw clearly enough to identify , were in the yard laughing , cursing , and squirting each other with a garden hose .
washington , d.c . golden sunlight drenched the rose garden and made warm rectangles on the floor of the oval office , but somehow it seemed menacing this morning , president castilla thought as charles ouray , white house chief of staff , stepped inside the door .
for centuries , zhongnanhai was the imperial court 's pleasure garden , where horse races , hunts , and festivals were held for nobility and their retainers on the green banks of two lakes .
in an expensive shanghai suburb , yu yongfu paced across his study , gazing out through his french doors at the garden .
this english garden was a replica of one created for a british tea tycoon in the early twentieth century , whose mansion was demolished long ago .
he trotted toward the house and soon came out of the trees into a garden that brought him up as short as the house and the forest had .
from the window , he looked past the garden and trees toward the distant wall .
saw nothing moving anywhere in the gardens below .
he wove along streets and past gardens , fences , and the walls of gated communities built for the expatriate businessmen who would flock more and more into the people 's republic to live off its billions .
the shore 's a bit of a rock garden there , but there are also a few more inviting beaches .
the scent of camellias floated in from the lush garden at zhongnanhai as niu jianxingcthe owlcleaned back , listening angrily to the discussion at tonight 's special standing committee meeting .
ever since feng and the two other men had surprised her , listening at the bedroom window in the garden of ralph mcdermid 's mansion , randi had been thinking of what she could say that they would believe .
` ` the gate to the garden was open .
she made no attempt to follow as he walked out past hibiscus and frangipani into the garden .
wei gazed out his window at his garden again .
at the top of a ladder set against a courtyard wall inside zhongnanhai , a maintenance mechanic completed his repair of one of the floodlights that illuminated wei gaofan 's garden .
wei 's fear of assassination meant he would allow no shadows in his garden .
there were penned chickens and pigs and vegetable gardens .
one must uproot the poison ivy from the chrysanthemum garden if one wishes to pluck the flowers .
for a brief interval - and only for a brief interval - the other assailants would be a safe distance away , impeded by the stones and sepulchers of this garden of death : he had to seize the opportunity or lose it forever .
it was enough ; latham and de vries ran across the open fountain and up the north path again until it leveled out , and they found themselves in the splendor of summer gardens surrounding a small manmade pond where white swans paddled majestically under the wash of floodlights .
the driver will remain behind the wheel , and his two marine companions in civilian clothes are roaming among the strollers beyond our garden wall . ''
three thousand miles away in paris it was midafternoon , the sun warm and bright , the sky clear , a perfect day for strolling along the boulevards , or walking through the tuileries gardens , or catching the breezes from the seine , watching the boats glide over the water and under the myriad bridges .
i ' m a ` ` wop , '' a ` ` guinea , '' a dirty ` ` greaseball , '' and not too long ago we could n't even apply for jobs , except for laying bricks and making gardens grow .
in the garden .
a cabbage patch is now a garden ? ''
residence , upscale garden apartment complex in arlington .
` ` at any rate , traupman has made a reservation for six at the garden terrace of the gartenhof restaurant for eight - thirty this evening . ''
the problem was that it was a garden , outside on a terrace , profuse with flower boxes overlooking the ancient streets of nuremberg , within sight of the hallowed albrecht dijrer house .
with those words , de vries took the long way out of the garden restaurant toward the entrance , and in case anyone was watching her , she doubled back along the walls beyond the crowded tables to the ladies ' room .
a circular drive led from tall hedgerow to hedgerow , between which was a landscaper 's semi - annuity : sculptured foliage , flowering gardens , five concrete goldfish ponds aerated naturally , and with flag- 9 stone paths for those who cared to stroll outside amid nature 's beauty .
the special forces captain wormed his way toward the canopied entrance of the condominium complex as drew crawled between the stalks of the flowers of the english - style garden to the hedgerow where stanley witkowski lay prone .
this plant , with crude but serviceable viaducts , was built by the beauvais dynasty for the purpose of capturing the water and sending it out to their fields and gardens .
` ` as you can see , in every direction the wall is roughly eighty meters from the chiteau 's foundation , allowing for a pool , several patios , and a tennis court , all surrounded by lawns and gardens .
youwent directly to the bank , then to the kouneni hotel , where you sat in the garden and had a drink beforegoing to your room .
instead , hisfrieda remained in copenhagen , walking along thebeaches of sjaelland island , having tea in thebotanical gardens , and waiting for a call from herhusband saying that he had a few days off andwould come out of hated germany .
she slid out from behind the wheel , went over to the garden hose on its reel bolted to the brick .
he kissed his guest on both cheeks and led him through the heavily mosaiced public rooms of the hammam into the rear section , which surrounded a small garden in the center of which grew hatun 's prized date palm .
they rose , passed through the private rooms , silent , lush as the garden outside .
` ` there is a screen at the far end of the garden , just there .
there were graven arches held up by fluted columns on four sides , beyond which were a combination of lush enclosed gardens and hushed , lamplit corridors .
` ` a thousand apologies for disturbing the tranquility of your magnificent garden . ''
there was a rose garden on the east side of the property , which is where marks led them .
then he threw the stiletto onto the sofa cushion and , slapping his thighs , said , ' i think , seor stone , we both could do with a walk in the garden . '
noah perlis , sitting in the lime - scented shade of the lavish rooftop garden at 779 el gamhuria avenue , could see all of khartoum , smoky and indolent , laid out before him to his right , while to his left were the blue and white nile rivers that divided the city into thirds .
there was about the building the unmistakable feeling of a fortress , both in design and in intent , which the rooftop garden , whose treetops were visible from the street , did little to allay .
however , it was the garden that seemed most vulnerable to bourne , who , immersed in the hectic street traffic , had quickly made two circuits of the building .
using the spaces between the concrete slabs , he picked his way farther up the building 's side until he got to the third - floor setback , where he repeated the procedure until , reaching up , he levered himself over the parapet onto the tiled floor of the roof garden .
unlike the architecture of the building itself , the garden was a delicate mosaic of colors and textures , perfectly manicured , fragrant , and shaded from the glaring sun .
bourne , crouching in a patch of the deepest shadow , breathed in the heady scent of lime as he studied the garden 's layout .
two small structures were cleverly integrated into the garden 's design : the door down into the building and , as he discovered , a toolshed for the staff who pruned the trees , plants , and flowers .
there , at the crevice where it met the tiled floor of the roof , he found the wires that connected the garden 's lights .
he gave the driver dr . peter sido 's address and not more than twenty minutes later , the taxi drew up in front of a small house with a stone facade , a tiny garden in front , and miniature iron balconies projecting from each story .
` ` my fellow citizens of the world , '' he began in the strong , declarative voice honed at many a successful primary race , smoothed of any remaining rough edges by numerous press conferences and richly burnished by intimate speeches in the rose garden and at camp david , ` ` this is a great day for world peace and for the international fight for justice and freedom against the forces of violence and terrorism .
his house , an inner sanctum surrounded by a lush , sun - dappled garden and high stucco walls , lay in deepest shadow so that the interior was cool even at noontime .
bourne did not , of course , look like bourne , but rather noah perlis , the result of having made a number of purchases at a theatrical makeup shop in covent garden .
apparently , following monition club tradition , that meal was taken on an enclosed brick terrace , which overlooked a cloistered atrium whose center was as neatly laid out as an herb garden , though this time of the year there was scarcely anything to see but fallow ground and a geometry of low cast - iron fences , presumably to keep the mint out of the sage .
the fourth wall was an immense picture window that looked out on a small but beautifully landscaped cloister garden with a central fountain in the moorish style .
a woman in a maid 's uniform opened the door to moira 's knock and , when she introduced herself , led her across a terrazzo - floored foyer , through a large , cool living room , out onto a flagstone patio that overlooked a clay tennis court , gardens , and a swimming pool where a woman - presumably berengaria moreno - was doing laps .
a formal english garden lay before them , defined by low boxwood hedges .
the frunzenskaya embankment was located southwest of moscow 's inner garden ring .
they were sitting in the garden behind semion icoupov 's villa .
they had reached the inner garden road .
yakov said in a whiny voice , ` ` i challenge you to sit in my seat night after night , driving around the garden ring , crawling endlessly down tverskaya , being cut out of fares by kamikaze bombily and make enough to live on . ''
the botanical garden was built in the mid-1800s as an exhibition hall , but eighty years later , after its garden was destroyed by a fire , it gained new life as a public park .
the botanical garden was built in the mid-1800s as an exhibition hall , but eighty years later , after its garden was destroyed by a fire , it gained new life as a public park .
he reached the outskirts of the garden , which was twice the size of new york 's central park .
near the crown of one of these was the chinese pagoda , which was actually a beer garden .
it would have been best to keep to where the garden was most crowded , but that would put them in the center of the trap .
he may be out in the garden with the kids , but on the other hand he may have taken them over to the park .
' well , i do n't know if i ' ve ever heard of someone coming in from a garden , or from across the street in a park so quickly , mr babcock . '
as i was driven in i saw a large attractive garden .
mcallister ran out into the walled garden with its trellises and white wrought iron furniture and rows of roses and rock - filled ponds .
' a woman stopped you in garden road when you were leaving the consulate .
his tall , slender body rigid , his eyes fixed on an unseen spot in the garden beyond the large bay window , the ambassador stood in silence , listening .
' an attachand # 65533 ; named nelson was stopped in garden road by a canadian woman trying to find her american husband .
suddenly a car came careening around the gates of the botanical gardens across the wide street , and , like an angry heat - searching missile , whipped to its left and zeroed in on her .
` ` that 's what he said an hour ago when he attacked me in garden road ! '
marie ran across the wide street to the entrance of the botanical gardens .
marie raced into the botanical gardens ; it was the key cain is for delta and carlos will be killed by cain ... or whatever the codes were that had been spread through paris !
she hid behind a cluster of bushes , inching farther inside as the major ran through the garden 's gates .
the second man had difficulty getting across the street ; the traffic was heavier and slower due to the stationary ambulance and two additional vehicles blocking the normal flow near the entrance to the gardens .
' minister sheng is in the garden , ' said the army officer at the door , looking beyond the visitor , his eyes darting about , peering into the darkness .
the emissary rushed through the front room filled with red lacquered furniture to an archway beyond which was a walled garden complete with four connecting lily ponds subtly lit with yellow lights beneath the water .
the sun descended beyond the walls of the garden outside .
you got it from garden road .
the nervous tic returned to allcott- price 's face ; his lower lip twitched as screams and shouts and the sound of men running in panic filled the gardens .
delta pulled a second plastique from his knapsack , set the miniaturized digital timer for ten seconds , and threw the packet as far as he could towards the rear garden wall , away from the guards .
an order was given , and again there was an eruption of rifle fire , bullets spraying the flowerbeds away from the rear garden wall and the contingent of marines who had raced in the direction of the previous explosion .
the squad of marines that had charged the collapsed sidewall were ordered to assault the rear of the gardens .
if he showed himself on the east border of the garden he was caught between both contingents .
the police and the firemen were occupied elsewhere ; none were in the gardens .
how 's garden road handling it , edward ? '
regardless , he kept walking , crossing the streets he was told to cross , hoping some unseen clock kept him relatively in tune with the goddamned ` ` time spans '' that had been determined by his striding back and forth between two pegs on some lawn behind a garden apartment in vienna , virginia .
they swung up to the private gate of an expensive garden apartment complex , the sign reading vienna villas , after the township in which it was located .
` ` i talked to marie , '' said conklin from the agency garden apartment in virginia .
marie and i staring at each other , glancing over at the searchlights outside the windows , hearing the footsteps of the guards , the occasional cough or sneeze , or , heaven forbid , the crack of a rifle bolt because a rabbit disturbed a garden ?
the whole family 's out in the garden and we miss you , cousin .
and hey , lou , what a garden this year .
22 bourne walked for nearly an hour through the streets of paris trying to clear his head , ending up at the seine , on the pont de solferino , the bridge that led to the quai des tuileries and the gardens .
it was ... well , an english garden .
into the gardens ?
santos , the total recluse , was observed sending several heavy boxes out with his main food supplier , and yester day morning he did not clip and water his precious garden , a summer ritual as predictable as the sun .
` ` does he still tend to his gardens -- his english gardens ? ''
` ` does he still tend to his gardens -- his english gardens ? ''
the ` ` garden '' was lined with ten feet of chain - link topped with razor wire .
his rear door opened into a small garden that could not be seen from the safe house , thus concealing his movements .
he mumbled loudly as he faltered to the rear of the car , and once again found the garden hose lying harmlessly in the grass .
apparently he tried to do it first with a garden hose in the tail pipe , but for some reason it did n't work .
he paused in his story for a few seconds , then told how the man stormed out of the car , saw the garden hose lying harmlessly in the weeds , and crawled on the trunk and shot himself .
ricky was badly scared when you removed the garden hose from the tail pipe , and when he saw the man shoot himself he was suddenly exposed to a terrifying experience that he could n't handle .
what if they asked about the garden hose ?
she was on the board of every garden club and social organization in memphis .
rufus hung up the phone , and ran to find his garden hose .
dozens of them watched the fire as garden hoses came from all directions and water was applied to the trailers next door .
ten minutes later , two fbi agents knocked on the door to apartment number 28 at bellevue gardens .
' you promised me a drink in that lovely garden downstairs .
i really want to see that lovely garden .
in the patio garden , it was alison who , after they had been seated , requested another table .
circular floral gardens fronted the spotless columns ; rinsed gravelled paths wove patterns around an immense fountain .
whitehall buttoned his expensive cotton safari shirt as though dressing for a concert at covent garden .
our headlights showed that some of them were fancy double - wide affairs with add - ons and planted gardens and picket fences .
now that she had retired and finished her childbearing , she spent most of her time with the garden club and the heart fund and the country club and the pta and the church .
it was in a section of town called chickasaw gardens , and she remembered the wooded lots , huge houses and professionally landscaped front yards .
they left chickasaw gardens and drove west with the traffic toward downtown , into the fading sun .
` ` now , they wo n't give me garden of the month .
with so much blue blood in her veins , it had fallen her duty to do nothing but drink hot tea , play bridge , talk of her husband 's money , condemn the less fortunate and work tirelessly in the garden club .
while brother and sister watched from behind the low stone wall of a garden , they saw their mother and father slaughtered , as were so many others , their bodies broken by staccato fusillades of bullets , snapping them into the ground , blood spewing from their eyes and their mouths .
he was pacing a garden path near the stone wall , his uncasual , very military repeating rifle angled in front .
then , as if following a scent , the czech 's eyes roamed down to the lower right , to another enlarged snapshot also taken in lausanne , this in the gardens of the beau rivage .
the beau rivage - the gardens .
this is in the gardens of the beau rivage ... is it possible ? '
he sought out the cooler , clearer air of the national gardens , which the vouli fronted .
to his left , several stalls over : a customer , poking at one of the pork bellies - the same man who had averted his gaze in the national gardens .
a small , fleet feral cat bounded down the sidewalk : janson was again nearing athens 's feline capital , the national gardens .
when he approached the gardens , he freed the furiously squirming animal , which bounded into the thickets , in search of field mice .
the team members would soon be converging on the feline - infested center of the gardens .
nearby was a sculpture garden planted with marble figures of modern vintage .
it runs straight across the courtyard , and underneath the garden owned by the college .
berman stepped toward the glittering stainless - steel sink , where the casement windows looked onto a beautifully tended rose garden .
and in the inner circle was queen mary 's garden , filled with exotic flora and rare fowl , discreetly penned : a sanctuary for wild birds and lonely , fragile people .
standing near the inner circle , the stone path surrounding queen mary 's garden , a stocky woman in a denim skirt was handing a pair of binoculars to her girl .
he is as slippery as the serpent in the garden . ''
every stationmaster would inscribe the catechism in flowers in his garden .
i was dizzy with excitement the first time i walked through the english - style garden in the back .
` ` that english garden .
a castle that had stood proudly for centuries was reduced to rubble - not much more than a rock garden .
the old woman had entered an enchanted garden once .
god forsook his own son in the garden of gesthemane .
he turned right and walked through constitution gardens and past the vietnam memorial .
he walked through a gate beside the house and admired the small garden in the back .
there was rebecca van horn , resplendent on a wicker bench in a garden somewhere , a lovely photo ruined by the face of her groom and future mate , the honorable jason shubert myers iv , cuddling next to her and obviously enjoying the camera .
cub scout troops , brownies , junior high basketball teams , garden clubs , book clubs , tea clubs , bible study groups , adult softball teams , civic clubs .
she spent hours outside , tending her vegetable garden , potting flowers , pulling weeds , mulching the beds along the front of the house .
most of what she ate came from her organic garden , and her skin had a soft healthy glow to it .
the corn , okra , and butter beans had been canned from her garden last august .
her garden had produced most of the meal .
would you like to see my garden ? ''
the kitchen opened to the back porch and from there the garden of eden stretched to the rear fence .
i followed her into the garden , moving slowly along the footpaths as she pointed out the herb patch and melons and all the other delicious fruits and vegetables she and esau tended to with great care .
i 'd never been in a vegetable garden before .
as the garden ripened in late summer , we had enjoyed many vegetarian lunches .
the ladies of the garden club were selling homemade ice cream .
i bought a dish of strawberry ice cream from the garden ladies , and as i strolled around the courthouse i heard a commotion .
she fried a chicken and cooked every vegetable in her garden .
thousands of terrified lazarus movement activists were streaming away from the institute , scrambling wildly through its rock gardens of cactus , sagebrush , and wildflowers .
smith thanked him and limped along the walkway to his room , a one - bedroom suite nestled in among shade trees and landscaped gardens .
they stepped through the door and out into a rooftop garden of the kind so beloved by parisians - a miniature urban glade created by a maze of large clay pots filled with dwarf trees , shrubs , and flowering plants .
he stepped back a few paces , rejoining peter and randi in the modest cover provided by the roof garden 's trees and shrubs .
on both sides of the great house , stone paths sliced through the tall grass , dotted by broken trellises ; remembrances of lushly cultivated gardens long since destroyed .
the musicians were ordered to take their instruments into the gardens and continue playing .
then from the gardens ; the music abruptly stopped , replaced by supplications to god , all answered by the thunder of the guns .
it is a charity affair for the gardens .
bray doubled back through a weed - filled garden , emerging on the path fifty feet behind scozzi .
there 's a middle ground , a casual encounter in the gardens , for example . ''
it was noon when they drove over the kirov bridge , past the summer gardens wrapped in burlap , and south to the enormous boulevard that was the nevsky prospeckt .
the persuasive negotiator and the misguided attorney had gotten drunk , ending the evening at dawn , watching the sun come up over the gardens in gruga park .
` ` everytime i pass the gardens in the gruga , i pause for a moment and laugh .
same place in the gardens , although there 'll be no flowers this time of year . ''
without thinking , he touched the bulge in his right - hand pocket that was the small automatic he had purchased in kopstadt square , then took his hand away when he saw the hatless figure walking rapidly up the garden path .
scofield cut through the garden paths of the park behind the savoy ; music from the ballroom floated down from above .
it was a dacha for all seasons , in spring and summer a festival of gardens and wildflowers on the edge of a mountain lake , in autumn and winter a paradise for hunters .
it was the entrance to a long - ago garden arbor of sorts , odd insofar as the arch itself was barely four feet wide while its thickness was nearly six feet - tunnel - like , strange .
it is rich and pampered , replete with grand mansions , manicured lawns , glittering blue pools , tennis courts , and serrated ranks of english gardens in stunning bloom under the summer sun .
the two big shots from swanson and schwartz ended up at one of those little unadvertised garden restaurants in the village , the kind where you ' ve got to have a financial pedigree to make a reservation . ''
he was a stringer , more interested in his bloody gardens than in his work for us . ''
asked waters , glancing about the bentley - smythe library that led through french doors to a bright sunlit garden in surrey .
information flowed back and forth between waters , brandon , and antonia , and pryce and leslie montrose , who were ensconced incognito at the blakes hotel in roland gardens .
they were in a small , rooftop garden .
they were five attached roofs away from the safe house when their pursuers burst up and out to the rooftop garden behind them .
the heads of two terrorists rose above the wall that rimmed the safe house 's roof garden .
black shadows stretched across overgrown spring gardens and cobbled streets , and the scents of liquor , marijuana , and oil paints mingled in the air .
he 's trimming the garden , and he and i disagree on how much cutting he should do .
the massive complex encompassed two churches , a court of honor , a military museum , garden , and an elegant esplanade that stretched from the north faandccedil ; ade to the seine , nearly a kilometer away .
but most of the bronze tombs were melted down during the french revolution , the rest shattered and piled in a garden behind the building .
she occasionally worked as a substitute teacher in a local elementary school , but she preferred to stay at home , puttering in the garden , watching soap operas , drinking tea with old ladies in the neighborhood .
he went to the terrace garden next to the dining room , and found a chair in a corner which he turned so he could watch the front desk through a window .
` ` professor smoot , on behalf of our group , we say welcome back to cypress gardens .
` ` always nice to visit here at cypress gardens . ''
we met last week at cypress gardens . ''
we chat a few more minutes , talk about cypress gardens and all the festivities there .
` ` what do you think of my garden ? ''
evidently she 's been the queen of cypress gardens for a while , and he 's seen her twice a year on visits there with his students .
in addition to the money , she receives from me a commitment to assist with various chores around the place , -primarily lawn and garden work .
under pressure from the four of us , smoot relents and says we can return to cypress gardens on our own , without going as a group and suffering through another lunch .
and i ' m sure booker and i will laugh about these dear old folks here at cypress gardens and the trust they placed in us .
they have a nice home in the country with a few acres and a garden , and they are the happiest people i know .
i explained to her that i met donny ray 's parents at cypress gardens , so she feels especially close to him .
i wonder who 'll take her place at cypress gardens .
the fiery woman i first met six months ago at cypress gardens seems to have given up the fight .
the store had a strict nonsmoking rule , but he 'd been seen ( not photographed ) eating a taco in the food garden with a co - worker who smoked two cigarettes with her lemonade .
he ate tacos and fried beans in the food garden with a teenager named kevin , a co - worker .
what had begun as a routine probe of jimmy hull and graft of the local garden variety had turned into a much broader investigation into gaming and , the magic words , ` ` organized crime , '' according to napier 's lengthy narrative .
canfield to a dog show at madison square garden .
london the pub , called the albion , was located on garrick street , at the edge of covent garden .
an old man who cultivated his own garden would never attract notice .
the lawn was newly mown , flower gardens well tended .
the back of the house was grander than the front , a large sweep of land bordered by more flower gardens , bathed by the morning sun .
the twentieth arrondissement 's one claim to fame was the cemetery du pere la chaise , a forty - four hectare garden of graves ; starting in the nineteenth century , parisians who would never otherwise deign to visit this arrondissement , let alone live there , agreed to consign their bodies there after death .
anna unlatched the wooden gate , pulled it open , and they entered a small , well - kept garden .
he flung himself onto the concrete garden path .
there were rest rooms and showers on the first floor near the kitchen ; a small garden out back where those suffering from depression often went to be alone .
if the sun was out , we could eat in the garden .
megan and i drank coffee in the garden and worked out the next twenty - four hours .
naomi kraig brought a small collection of roses she 'd picked from her garden .
she was dressed for the occasion in slacks , loafers , a checkered blouse , and a straw hat , as if she 'd just stepped from the garden .
there he could climb down to the back courtyard , now a garden but once used to park carriages .
at first , metcalfe did not recognize the plump , dowdy woman with the babushka pulled tight over her head who was sitting on a bench in the gardens of sverdlov place .
viktor and his cohort had left the island an hour ago , after spending twenty minutes inside the museum , then surveying the area around the basilica , especially the garden that separated the church from the canale borgognoni , a riverlike waterway that stretched between torcello and the next patchy island over .
they were seated in the garden , beneath a pergola of sweet - smelling roses , in the shadow of the two churches and campanile , the tranquil oasis framed by blossoming pomegranate trees .
the iron silhouette of the basilica rose thirty meters away , just past a jagged patch of stubbled shadows that defined a garden and orchard .
the city of shadows , garden of the soul , jewel of islam , capital of the world .
he could hear shouts and voices from beyond the hedge that separated the yard from the garden and orchard that lay between here and the canal , where his boat waited .
he escaped the whirling blades and passed through a garden he 'd taught to bloom upon a mountain slope so the estate would bristle with hints of the english countryside .
a garden that showed evidence of careful tending sprouted between a terrace and the beginnings of a grove that ended at the base of one of the rising peaks .
the smell of beer and smoke is replaced by the heavy stink of tropical plants blooming and rotting in the gardens .
shot with a long lens as she walked in the flower garden .
it was what a tended garden becomes in fifteen untouched years of wet springs and hot summers .
it was the sort of dress he 'd seen in photographs of women at suburban garden parties in the fifties and the sixties .
then the garden crew arrived at the same time the movers were leaving , which required some awkward maneuvering out on the driveway .
the botanical gardens .
it was curved and polished like a miniature version of a sculpture from a public garden .
corn grew as high as an elephant 's eye , and dense , and a twenty - foot clearing carved out a hundred yards from the edge of a field was as secret a garden as could be planted anywhere .
' is your garage like your garden or like your television set ? '
he gets some of his best thinking done with the garden hose in his hand .
a man standing unobserved with an object like garden shears or a heavy pair of scissors in his hands behind a seated victim will , before delivering the blow , take a long second to arch his back and reach up , to get a maximum of strength into the downward stroke .
one of the men with the charred hair tried to vault over the railing , caught his foot , and fell headfirst into a small side garden where norma had grown beans earlier in the year .
he twitched in the garden like a landed trout , the bean - pole protruding from his neck like the shaft of an arrow , blood gushing down the front of his shirt as he made weak gargling founds .
all that mattered was getting away , away from that blazing bundle of rags that had been a1 steinowitz ten minutes before , away from that burning train of cars , away from bruce cook who lay in a small garden patch with a stake in his throat .
he had dared to make his way through the gates and into hockstetter 's sacred garden of privilege .
they would be going for a walk in the garden to ` ` discuss his progress . ''
to the left , french doors gave on to a sunny terrace and the rock garden beyond it .
beyond the rock garden were hydrangea , forsythia , and rhododendron bushes .
one of irv 's nephews , a boy named fred drew whom he had met only three or four times , had a little pot garden growing in his backyard in kansas , according to tarkington 's papers .
there 's a menlove gardens north , south and west , but no menlove gardens east ; so it was a clever false address to give .
there 's a menlove gardens north , south and west , but no menlove gardens east ; so it was a clever false address to give .
i could see their old garden plot and some clear lawn .
it was very late because i had insomnia , and i often sit in the garden in the dark when i have insomnia .
torrance proceeded over to their old garden plot , and began to dig .
` ` he 's been planting a garden . ''
not that the scenario was unknown to me ; a body had dropped from the sky into my garden the year before .
filmmakers hope for a more successful pairing of true - crime book and movie than midnight in the garden of good and evil .
it was a cozy neighborhood of tree - lined streets and secluded garden courtyards , spattered with small cafes , butchers , and bakeries .
still , the small gardens inside were handsome , blooming with purplish - pink crocuses and tangled with roses .
if they had a sample of luca , kane could have quickly sniffed out the dark garden hidden here , but they did n't .
somewhere down below must be de klerk 's dark garden .
tucker pictured that glowing primordial garden .
luca was vanquished , all but this small isolated garden , leaving behind only its genetic legacy in the form of modern plants .
1:22 p.m. tucker briefly visited bukolov after lunch and discovered the doctor was working with an engineer , devising an aerosol dispersal system for his acid solution , which to him looked like a backpack garden sprayer .
let you join our garden of guests who could n't be trusted .
tend a garden . ''
i withdrew a pair of leather gloves from the fanny pack and grabbed a baseball - size rock lying in a flaccid garden adjacent to the patio .
there was a plot of tilled earth near the house that might ' ve once been a shade garden , though nothing grew there now .
plowed over a rose garden and a birdbath , then broke through the fence again near the house and raced down the empty driveway and onto a quiet street .
he unsheathed his bowie and sawed off the nozzle to the garden hose .
he showed her the well , the greenhouse and chicken coop , the gardens which had already been winterkilled .
turns out , i was never an artist , or at least said my f**ked up doodle of what was supposed to be a tree and some flowers , but sort of looked like a garden gnome stepping on ants when i closed one eye and stared at it .
they spent what seemed like hours skipping or playing blind man 's bluff in their garden , and i used to hear them as i sat in the schoolroom under the watchful eye of my tutor , old mr . fayling , who had bushy grey eyebrows and a habit of picking his nose , carefully studying whatever it was that he 'd dug from the recesses of his nostrils then surreptitiously eating it .
then , one day shortly before my eighth birthday , i was in the garden , strolling along the perimeter and dragging a stick along the crumbling red brick of the high garden wall .
he 'd selected the place because it overlooked masyaf 's rear garden , under which , if his research on the castle plans had been correct , the templars would be concentrating their efforts to locate the library of the great assassin mentor , altair , who 'd ruled the brotherhood from here three centuries ago .
fifty - two the imperial park to the east of haghia sofia was laid out in formal gardens , interspersed with verdant lawns dotted with white marble benches and arbors ideal for private meetings , and in one of them he soon found sofia .
she 's playing in the garden . ''
then he made his way across the garden toward the nearest row of vines .
from there he could see the pasha mosque and the site of the formal gardens in the south but what he needed to locate was the ...
the gate that led to the courtyard and gardens at the rear of the tower .
33 it was dark in the garden .
sibrand followed him , then de sable , until once more altair was alone in the garden with al mualim .
now malik and his men rushed into the garden .
part three 34 23 june 1257 sitting in the shade , safely out of the debilitating heat of the masyaf marketplace , maffeo asked me , ' al mualim 's garden .
old men tended gardens or spent afternoons pondering in their studies , reading and thinking about those they had loved and lost : they did n't get involved in swordfights .
in the end he had thought of that night in the garden at masyaf , his mentor al mualim slain on the marble terrace , the waterfall bubbling in the background .
that night in the garden he had instinctively understood its capacity for good .
he found himself in a rose garden , surrounded by high , redbrick walls .
even this garden needs a good job done on it .
the drop on the other side was slight - four feet to a narrow brick walkway , from which stairs led down , at occasional intervals , to a garden .
a rooftop garden , in the center of which was a stone building , one story high , with a flat roof .
then ezio shifted his position slightly and inadvertently kicked a brick loose , which fell into the garden .
` ` no one is allowed access to my garden or my apartments without my knowledge - no one ! ''
at last he arrived at the garden where he had watched lucrezia and her lover keep their tryst .
turning it into one big garden .
when he had returned to his own palazzo , he made his way quickly to his father 's office , ignoring both the amiable backchat from federico , who was lazing under a tree in the garden , and the attempts of his father 's secretary , giulio , to prevent him from passing the closed door of giovanni 's inner sanctum .
ezio waved to his brother , still lounging in the garden , but felt no desire to join him .
there were some secluded gardens nearby , where lovers occasionally kept their trysts .
he wandered into the garden , where he found his mother overseeing work on her cherry trees , from which the blossom was just beginning to fade .
in the high - walled garden behind the house she organized twenty of her people into five groups of four .
they then started to mill around the garden , crisscrossing each other , talking and laughing , some of the girls casting bold looks on ezio , and smiling .
she walked with him alone in the garden .
claudia led maria into the garden and stood by the door in the wall by which they were to leave , with annetta , who was trying not to cry .
before it and in place of a garden was a large practice - field , where ezio could see a couple of dozen young armed men engaged in various exercises to improve their fighting technique .
they made their way from the garden where they had been walking into an inner room of the castle , at the end of a corridor that led from the map - room .
on either side it was hemmed in by other buildings which were separated from it by narrow streets , but to its rear was what looked like a sizeable garden surrounded by another high wall , and at the front , facing the canal , was the wide , open area ezio had seen earlier .
a great garden appeared , filled with monstrous creatures ; there was a dark city on fire , huge clouds in the shape of mushrooms and bigger than cathedrals or palaces ; an army on the march , but an army unlike any ezio had ever seen or even imagined could exist ; starving people in striped uniforms driven into brick buildings by men with whips and dogs ; tall chimneys belching smoke ; spiralling stars and planets ; men in weird armour rolling in the blackness of space - and there , too , was another ezio , another leonardo , and mario and machiavelli , and more and more of them , the dupes of time itself , tumbling helplessly over and over in the air , the playthings of a mighty wind , which now indeed seemed to roar around the room they were in .
when he reached the walls of the church 's garden , he skimmed to the roof .
` ` sergeant , we need you over by the garden . ''
sean watched whitey trot onto the jogging path and then head for the garden co - op around the next bend , the hem of his son 's hockey shirt flapping around his waist .
whitey pointed back down the joggers ' path , past where it curved around the garden co - op .
` ` in the garden .
parks and recreation spent the next decade beautifying the place , ripping up the poles that supported the car speakers , leveling and greening the land , cutting bike paths and jogging paths along the water , erecting a fenced - in garden co - op , even building a boathouse and ramp for canoers who could n't get very far before they were turned back at either end by the harbor locks .
* * * when sean reached the part of the jogging path that circled around the fence of the co - op garden , he nodded at some of the cops working the flowers and soil for clues , could see a tight anticipation in most of their faces that told him they 'd already heard by now .
even after she 'd lost the one shoe in the garden , she 'd left the other one on .
she goes in a pretty consistent southeast pattern from that point on , cutting through the garden co - op , then attempting to hide in the ravine under the footbridge , then making a final beeline for the drive - in screen .
she hid in the garden co - op .
one the bar at the ritz - carlton looks out on the public garden and requires a tie .
in the garden , a middle - aged couple with matching cheers t - shirts snapped picture after picture of the george washington statue .
i looked in my rearview as i crested the hill , the gold dome of the state house peeking out through the wrought - iron fence of a roof garden ahead of me .
directly below us was n't much a store 24 , a dunkin ' donuts but beyond , a nice stretch of brownstones , some with mint - green roof gardens , and beyond them , the dark , rolling charles striped against a pale , gray sky .
you 're a garden snake .
she once walked as far as a stretch of the fens behind the museum of fine arts , but usually , lurch informed trevor , she preferred the leafy mall that cuts through the center of commonwealth avenue and the public garden that abuts it .
it was in the garden , she told trevor , that she met a man who , she claimed , finally provided some of the solace and grace she 'd been searching for throughout the late summer and early autumn .
this investigator proceeded to canvass the emerald necklace park system from the boston common , through the public garden , commonwealth avenue mall , and ending in the fens at avenue louis pasteur .
mr . costanza on numerous occasions from mid - august through early november observed ms . stone , whom he dubbed ` ` the sad , pretty girl , '' sitting under a tree in the northwest corner of the public garden .
he sat on the same bench in the commonwealth avenue mall , on the same stretch of grass in the common , under the same tree in the public garden .
he saw it from under the tree in the public garden .
manny and i walked cautiously along the icy sidewalks and streets as we cut around the public garden toward the grief release therapeutic center on beacon street .
across the street , the trees in the public garden rose in clumps , indistinguishable from one another .
up the block at the corner of arlington , several patrol cars had pulled up in front of the corporate offices of grief release , their blue and white lights streaking through the trees in the garden , bouncing off the red brick buildings just past the cheers bar .
they stood on the edges of the crowd , spread out so that they surrounded me whether i headed up toward arlington , down toward charles , or across to the garden .
from here we could see the inmates ' gardens and greenhouse , hear the boisterous sound of men playing basketball in the crisp air on the other side of the wall .
as i came out of the hotel onto the walkway that curled through a garden of palm trees and incongruous australian pines , i saw angie sitting on the chaise , her hand over her eyes to block the sun , looking up at a young guy in an orange speedo so small that comparing it to a loincloth would probably be an insult to loincloths .
the gun bounced off the railing , and i snatched it from the air before it could drop to the garden six stories below .
lucky , too , because when i peered over the side , i saw a couple of kids , grade school age , playing on their ground - floor patio by the garden .
we had a picnic in the common , went to museums , had tea at the ritz , rode the swan boats in the public garden .
` ` the garden ? ''
we 're going to show mr . kenzie his partner in the garden . ''
with desiree gripping the back of my head and her gun against my neck , i was forced to bend to her height as we stepped off the lawn and followed a short pathway that led around the corner of a shed and an overturned wheelbarrow , broke through a thicket of trees and out into the garden .
` ` oh , my , '' julian said and shone the flashlight down on his own chest at the two shiny blades of garden shears that protruded from his sternum .
i took the keys i 'd taken back from desiree as we wound past the garden and the reconverted barn and stopped at my porsche .
the fence encircling the garden is upright , rooted , and free of rust .
near the foundation , however , someone had planted a small garden , and the flowers had begun to bud or bloom .
just as i 'd felt when i approached the house in the dark , decay permeated it like an odor , garden or no garden .
just as i 'd felt when i approached the house in the dark , decay permeated it like an odor , garden or no garden .
wesley stood at the mouth of the public alley that ran parallel to commonwealth avenue from the public garden to the fens a mile west .
i spotted a few roof gardens , but they were too high up to tell if anyone was in them , and besides , none of the fire escapes looked close enough for easy access .
we walked off the small porch and down into the yard , made our way between empty white tables and lawn sprinklers that were shut off , down to a small garden encased in brick that hosted a sickly array of dandelions and crocuses .
i could tell you how many of the buildings had roof gardens or just flower boxes jutting from windowsills , which were occupied by businessmen and -women , tennis players , joggers , pet owners , and artists running out with paint - splattered shirts only to return ten minutes later with charrette bags filled with sable brushes .
a garden bench sat there now and a man sat on it , his eyes on me .
the roof was tarred and flat as sheet metal ; eddie kept a small table and two chairs out there , along with a metal shed where he stored his tools and those his wife , mary pat , used in the tiny garden behind their house .
he opened the door to his garden shed and removed the cracked leather satchel he carried everywhere and added the piece of paper to it .
` ` but your brother 's future is something i tend to like a garden . ''
he kept a leisurely pace as he followed it through the throngs while it snaked around the public garden and then along commonwealth .
it looked as he had left it -- a broom and some garden tools to one side , two of his battered satchels to the right .
one of tim 's partners was phil cregger , who owned the venetian garden restaurant on the first floor of the bromfield hotel .
in the small spit of land behind his house on k street , thomas coughlin kept a garden .
joe came walking up from the garden with another crop in his hands - the beets , this time .
he looked out at his garden , so close to harvest .
` ` garden , '' joe said .
but in the back , wide rooms with high copper ceilings and tall archways looked onto a courtyard , a wading pool , and gardens where spotted horsemint , violets , and tickseeds grew alongside european fan palms .
they drank a toast to fatherhood , an ybor friday night kicking up outside esteban 's shutters , past his lush green garden and tree lights and stone wall .
he looked out at his garden .
she continued with her foster parents , and bloomed in their rude abode , fairer than a garden rose among dark - leaved brambles .
when you read their writings , life appears to consist in a warm sun and a garden of roses - in the smiles and frowns of a fair enemy , and the fire that consumes your own heart .
the vegetables in the gardens , the milk and cheese that i saw placed at the windows of some of the cottages , allured my appetite .
she seemed pleased , and went into the garden for some roots and plants , which she placed in water , and then upon the fire .
she afterwards continued her work , whilst the young man went into the garden , and appeared busily employed in digging and pulling up roots .
their nourishment consisted entirely of the vegetables of their garden , and the milk of one cow , which gave very little during the winter , when its masters could scarcely procure food to support it .
i observed , with pleasure , that he did not go to the forest that day , but spent it in repairing the cottage and cultivating the garden .
at other times he worked in the garden , but , as there was little to do in the frosty season , he read to the old man and agatha .
several new kinds of plants sprung up in the garden , which they dressed ; and these signs of comfort increased daily as the season advanced .
' do you consider , ' said his companion to him , ' that you will be obliged to pay three months ' rent , and to lose the produce of your garden ?
as night advanced , i placed a variety of combustibles around the cottage ; and , after having destroyed every vestige of cultivation in the garden , i waited with forced impatience until the moon had sunk to commence my operations .
` ` a night garden . ''
oftentimes , he heard her voice lilting up from the ` ` lunarium , '' as she called it , while she tended her garden .
it 's trapped in the corner of the garden .
beyond the glass was a huge yard with trees , ponds , pagodas , and gardens .
turning her head , she watched with amazement as anders thrust a wooden sunflower stake from the garden into igor 's chest .
when leigh grimaced at the bloody tip , he said , ` ` i 'll rinse it off with the garden hose .
having seen some of her work elsewhere within the vampire community , claire had been working with her for the past week , privately consulting on the design of a small garden park .
no , the garden park was not a gift for her chronically absent mate .
she was still trying to come to grips with the terrible news of the attack on the darkhaven in hamburg , let alone register the idea that not a few minutes ago her biggest worry was the proper placement of a garden bench or flower bed .
and now the garden sanctuary where they 'd lain together was gone , as well .
that heady whiff of a bakery might be followed by an unexpected flush of gardenias in a garden , which gave way to the iron - rich pong of a slaughterhouse .
magnus took his bath and dressed after dinner , and then quietly left his apartments at nine , instructing his driver to take him to the vicinity of the tuileries garden and return at midnight .
he walked around for a bit , making his way through the shadowy garden , listening to the snuffling noises of lovers in the shrubbery , occasionally peeking through the leaves to have a little look .
a forest of blackened tangles loomed all about him , the remains of the famous lightwood gardens .
now the high hedges of the italian garden had formed a maze , a twisted one from which there was clearly no escape .
they had killed the monster benedict lightwood had become in these gardens , magnus remembered hearing , and the black ichor had seeped from the monster 's veins into the earth in a dark unstoppable flood .
the sky was reddening over the tangled gardens that looked east .
they are beginning to cut back the overgrown gardens . ''
oh , the gardens were being slowly pruned into shape .
` ` and i heard on good authority that yvette 's ashes got sprinkled on the founder 's rose garden , so there 's that .
he grabbed up a ratty - looking old trench coat with a torn sleeve , and a floppy hat that looked like something a little old lady might have worn to work in the garden , if she 'd been color - blind .
jeanne was hustling through a doorway into the open air.there was a kind of garden here just outside the kitchen , with scraggly fnut trees and what lookedlike herbs .
is she pushing up rare orchids in your gardens ? ''
the weather is warm enough to string pixy lines in the garden , and we ' ve got bis now .
my own personal shoulder devil , wearing black and smelling like the garden of eden .
we ' ve been in the garden long enough to shore up the defenses , and they 'll have to get through that to reach the church .
` ` bis is asleep , the cat 's inside , jax is on the steeple , and my kids are strategically placed in the garden with matalina , '' he said shortly .
they 're attacking the garden .
i jerked behind the table with pierce as a black - rimmed wash tinted with blue highlights colored the garden .
` ` i ' m not going to burn my garden and everyone in it ! ''
make one to encompass the garden .
` ` the trees , my garden , '' i whispered .
the garden will sprout from roots .
outside pierce 's circle , paths of ash showed where the spell had started to take hold , but the garden was green .
i started backing away , my gaze darting over the garden .
i could smell the garden on him .
my eyebrows rose , but i was in a much better mood when the sounds of the garden slipped around me .
the garden and graveyard beyond it were n't bad .
i could n't ask jenks to let them stay in the garden under his protection .
` ` trent 's gardens ?
if trent would let pixies in his gardens , i 'd have a hundred eyes and maybe be of some help , but i ' ve nothing .
destroying everything in a garden when a little care and precision enriches it .
` ` we 'll kill them before letting them into our garden ! ''
the fairies watched in satisfaction as the entire feeling in the garden turned to fear .
with a little jump , she gained the small stone wall that separated the garden from the graveyard .
` ` jax , the garden is yours , '' he said , and the younger pixy jerked .
i do n't want the garden ! ''
` ` what does he mean , the garden is jax 's ? ''
desperation kept me moving forward , and finally i reached the knee - high wall separating the graveyard from the garden - the dead from the living .
emotions jumbled and numb , i looked over the garden for something , anything , seeing the fairies at the edge of their prison , listening .
he showed mercy and let those who attacked his garden live .
` ` the garden is n't going anywhere . ''
the mourning pixies abandon their garden , and new ones wo n't move in until all evidence of habitation is gone .
` ` that the pixy told his eldest to maintain the garden was unusual .
` ` jenks told jax to maintain the garden because he thinks i need pixy backup . ''
satisfied , i downed the vial , waiting for jenks 's snide comment about naked witches in his garden of eden , but of course it never came .
i knew she was a full adult with a husband and a garden of her own , but she looked ten to me , and my heart went out to her .
see that you do your part in keeping the garden safe . ''
` ` my husband thinks it was wrong for me to have even joined the battle , seeing as it 's not truly my garden anymore .
it was too quiet for my garden , so long holding the singing or giggling of pixies by sun or starlight .
some of them had frames built of garden materials .
apparently their wings were why they destroyed a garden in their efforts to reach food , and they were amazed by their new dexterity , relishing being able to duck into small places .
better yet , they were n't damaging the garden .
they have huts all over the garden .
i would have protested , but it was warm and smelled like him and the garden both .
to anyone else , it 'd look like she and ceri were doing some garden burning , oblivious to the funeral and the fairies scattered in the garden like , well , fairies .
` ` i was defending my garden .
` ` she lives in kalamack 's gardens . ''
` ` i do n't like them creeping around the garden like spiders , '' he said , his feet still not touching the ground as he looked into the trees .
` ` fairies in his garden , '' jenks said , clearly liking the thought .
trent is going to be more unhappy than a skunk in a troll 's garden . ''
the bathroom door crashed open , and from the back of the church , i heard ceri 's steps as she came in from the garden .
even so , it felt good to be home and in the garden .
my hand on the screen door , i looked over my shoulder at the garden , remembering how dangerous it had been when i was four inches tall .
i was surprised he was here , but the garden was probably too painful .
god , his wife was n't gone even a day , and he was trying to work , trying to escape the pain in the garden , maybe .
if being small in the garden was bad , being small in the streets of cincy was terrifying .
if you give me five minutes ' notice , i 'll even make sure the pixies are in the garden . ''
they had to walk around the side of the massive edifice to get to the garden gate , where they were checked by a uniformed customs official .
with that , floote took the driver 's seat and , with a steady hand to the reins , guided the pony and trap through boboli gardens and out into the city streets .
i 'd scaled the fire escape to widow tanner 's rooftop garden , carefully easing under the razor - wire fence only to find the shrewd old woman had done her harvest early , leaving nothing but empty boxes of dirt behind .
much like adam and eve getting kicked out of their infamous garden , i had reached eden with a small group of pilgrims only to be turned away at the gates .
in the trees at the end of her garden , leafless and scratchy against the sky , something rustled its wings and chattered as a veil of dark crossed the world .
bees ... a moment later she was out in the garden , her ear pressed against a beehive .
one of his jobs was to clean it out and take the contents to the pits in the gardens where verence 's efforts at composting were gradually turning them into , well , lancre .
if you do n't like my company , go downstairs and help your father weed the garden . ''
nothing could cut through the bearded lady 's hair , not even a pair of garden shears that mr .
i watched tv , helped dad in the garden and mom in the kitchen ( part of my punishment for coming home late by myself ) , went for a long walk in the afternoon , and daydreamed about vampires and spiders .
i hurried out into the garden , pausing only to snatch an empty jelly jar from the kitchen .
marble paths laced through raised , barked gardens , holding just about every medium to small sized tree i 'd ever seen .
` ` i ' m finding myself quite enchanted with ... gardens , at the moment . ''
` ` indeed , but i find this a whole new kind of garden experience , now that i have met you . ''
i ' m as honest as a rose garden is beautiful . ''
i could see our swing set and my dad retrieving a garden hose .
to say the plants had overrun the garden was the understatement of the year .
` ` he 's parked in the right corner of the back garden if you want to talk to him . ''
` ` that 's a might worse than having fairies in the bottom of a garden . ''
quinn had moved from jin 's doorway and taken up residence in the shadows of a garden several houses down .
tainted by cold dark thoughts that made tanya 's scheming mind look like a sunlit garden .
shea had planted a garden , vegetable and herb .
she did n't want to go too far in case raven needed her protection , so she walked along the pathway to her herb garden .
let 's go outside , tend my garden .
it was father hummer 's garden that got her through the long hours of the morning .
the fabric was white with a garden of red roses .
take that and fill it with the richest soil you can find in the garden . ''
natalya hurried down the cobblestone steps leading to the great garden .
she waited until long after he had gone down the block and turned into the narrow alley leading to the garden behind his rectory .
mixing the rich soil from the priest 's garden with her own healing saliva , she packed the gaping lacerations .
they played chess every saturday , and martin often worked with the priest in his garden .
father mulligan was waiting for her in his garden .
a snake in her garden , robbing her of paradise .
` ` henry said thomas ivan was known as a rake - whatever than means , other than a garden tool - and that he was probably trying to get something besides your drawings from you , '' joshua informed her candidly .. a vision of henry 's lifeless body rose up in alexandria 's memory , and her grief was stark and gripping .
he landed on the stone pathway in the garden outside the kitchen .
work benches and tables were clean and orderly , garden tools gleamed with care , and to their left were countless bags of rich soil stacked carefully .
i had no idea you were in the garden . ''
he followed the sound of hoeing and found stefan in the huge garden .
aidan could see that vinnie felt safe in the garden as he teased the boy , the high wall around them , the security system in full force .
aidan faced the vampire stoically , refusing to look at his dancing feet noisily crushing the insects or at the garden snake approaching from his left .
drusilla was particularly happy with the kitchen and garden area .
she would want things pleasing and soothing in her house and in her garden , no matter what the time of day or night .
this time gabriel streamed under the door out into the garden , taking to the sky immediately .
the garden was bigger than the house itself .
the clearing contained a garden of wildflowers and ferns .
the overgrown brush disappeared in her mind , and the sacred spot was no longer a blood - soaked graveyard but a place of the living with four small houses and a cornfield and vegetable garden .
someone started a fire , burning their homes and gardens to the ground around them .
the eagle flew over several fields and at least an acre of gardens , all tended well as zacarias had come to expect from the extended family who served him .
forcing her breath out in an effort to relax into the wild ride , she felt the first drop of the canoe as it entered the boulder garden .
on the ground there was a twisted figure like a broken doll , limbs askew , neck bent at a grotesque angle , blond hair fanned on the dark soil of the garden .
colby had put in so much time with the cattle and out in the garden and the hay field that ginny was afraid she might have forgotten the appointment with joclyn everett .
the chickens are fed and the garden is watered .
they walked past the large garden she had worked so hard to maintain .
she said she 'd water the garden and make breakfast when she gets back .
` ` i like my garden . ''
` ` we have a wonderful garden and you will be able to spend time with your uncles and your entire familia .
had he not died and been buried to suffer in this place , he would have taken her to his secret garden , the one place he remembered from his childhood where life had been good and filled with joy .
i would have walked through the garden with you .
she ducked her head as she walked beside him down the narrow ribbon of stones that was the path winding through his garden .
his hand slipped into hers and he walked with her , side by side , his body brushing against hers , walking into the night , taking her to his garden , the one place he was familiar with , the one place he loved and could share .
trees formed small groves of oranges and lemons with taller evergreen towers on the corners of the stone - fence - wrapped garden .
for a short time he could simply be with ivory , enjoy walking with her through a beautiful garden .
he could n't conceive of forgetting this moment , this one time with her , surrounded by the memory of his garden and so close to her that he could breathe the same breath .
they stood in the middle of his garden , surrounded by cascading flowers of all colors , birds and butterflies , bees flitting from one bloom to the next , a place of absolute serenity , and time just seemed to stand still for them .
he had n't expected ... this - the wonder and beauty of love blossoming right here in his garden along with his flowers .
here , in this dream garden , with no one around , she could show weakness , just for a moment , because she knew razvan accepted her exactly for who she was .
she looked around the lush garden with its abundance of shrubs and flowers .
the ribbon of a waterfall zigzagged along the high rock face forming one wall of the garden .
this was her favorite place , just as his garden had been his .
if the microbes infected their gardens , they could begin to suffer the fate of our species . ''
` ` you will have to wait out in the garden until i see her , '' byron explained aloud .
` ` the garden entrance ... he 's waiting there . ''
i see tracks around the garden area and the back courtyard in particular .
the palazzo smells like a garden . ''
` ` don giovanni was out in the garden as he is most evenings .
franco could carry josef down to the garden .
she sprinted , under cover of the thick fog , to the garden .
the three men wound their way through the gardens to the entrance that would lead them directly to the altar .
she 'd eavesdrop on the girls from behind a bush and then dig up the garden once they went back inside the house .
mary - lynnette could n't even imagine trying to dig up a neighbor 's garden in the dead of night .
and if i can find out what 's buried in that garden , i 'll feel a wholelotbetter . ''
it was n't easy to get into the garden area fromoutside .
jade cast a darting glance around the garden .
a wild crashing in the overgrown tangle of rhododendrons and blackberrybushes at the back of the garden .
` ` they come down and eat people 's gardens a. night .
mark immediately swerved , taking mary - lynnette with him , and she saw a comfortable gap between two rhododendron bushes at the back of the garden .
when they got to the road she said , ` ` mark , what happened when you got into the garden ? ''
` ` something was out there in the garden tonight , '' she said .
` ` and if the thing you heard in the garden turnsup , we 'll take care of it , too , '' kestrel said .
the garden was dark and fragrant .
mary - lynnette damped a hand over his mouth.what was happening was that the girls were digging up the garden again .
i heard mark talking to jade in the garden .
` ` it 's probably called the garden , not the backyard , '' thompson muttered .
besides , i saw you in the garden . ''
` ` you ' ve got some serious work to do in that garden . ''
michael waited for her to continue , but instead she got up and walked over to the window to stare down at the dead garden .
and yet , long after sarah had left his office yesterday , he had sat in his garden and thought about her .
he parked in the garage when he got home , and as he came through the side door , his attention was drawn to the garden .
the house was a two - story brick home with a wide veranda , ornate grillwork , and a narrow walkway that led back to a walled garden draped with wisteria vines .
it was the kind of place the garden district was famous for - lush lawns , shimmering swimming pools and hidden courtyards all wrapped up in the unmistakable air of southern gentility .
sookie , jason will pick you up after softball practice , i have to go to a meeting of the garden club .
andy and portia had had a double wedding in their grandmother 's garden , and though it had n't been a surprise to hear that andy 's wife was pregnant , somehow the older portia had never struck me as someone who 'd welcome motherhood .
` ` oh , she 'll be so impressed , '' pam was saying , sounding as pleased as i did when someone brought me some fresh produce from his garden .
i unrolled the garden hose and turned it on .
but he knew what side of the garden his nectar came from .
wait until you see the garden . ''
` ` the garden has more than weeds and dead people ? ''
so it was jenks who accompanied me out the back door and into the garden .
another wall low enough to step over separated the garden from the small graveyard .
the garden was complete .
he put in the garden .
fish on the windowsill and into the black garden .
the last of my daylight hours had been spent in the garden .
not a bat ; i did n't have an ash tree in the garden , and i 'd probably need some of the inner bark .
if jenks was any indication , it might be nice to take a vacation as a pixy and troll cincinnati 's better gardens .
` ` i found it in the garden .
` ` they invaded our garden , '' he said , the murderous cast on his childlike face looking terribly wrong .
and there 's not enough money to get pixies to invade other pixies ' gardens .
` ` they would have gotten the garden regardless .
i wondered what had happened to whoever had the garden before ivy rented the church .
the sun was up , shining on the herbs in the garden .
` ` i ' m sorry , but until you have the green , you 're garden - bound . ''
` ` i 'll be in the garden if you - ` ` her last words choked off , and she flew out through the window .
i 'll be in the garden - probably next to the stink weed . ''
it was edging toward ten , and trent 's public garden had the lush smell of rising damp .
` ` a garden this size could support four clans , easy .
he had told me earlier that it was a flaming red , and that the conspicuous color was a pixy 's only defense when entering another clan 's garden .
such was the territorial drive between pixies and fairies that if jenks had trashed the conspicuous hat , i could stake my life that the garden was pixy and fairy free .
from his point of view , the entire garden was probably now his , since there was no one to say different .
the room was a slice of outdoors , a feeling heightened by opening onto the shaded deck and in turn the garden .
` ` i will keep it in the garden and not feed it . ''
` ` he asked - the other day - if he might have a few cuttings from the garden .
` ` matalina , it 's not our garden , '' jenks said , and the angel grew angry .
that 's not our garden .
the angel can ask anyone she wants into the garden . ''
` ` i ' m getting fifty taken off my rent for keeping up the garden .
` ` that is , if you think he might want to sublet the garden as his pay . ''
` ` i want to tell jenks about your offer to sublet the garden . ''
` ` he has more at risk than a job , he has a garden .
now he had a garden .
` ` do you want more plants from the garden ?
for a few moments there was only the scraping of spoons and the sound of the crickets in the garden .
fish in his new brandy snifter and out into the garden .
from the garage , i would sneak into trent 's garden with the help of nick playing lawn - service guy , spraying the bugs jenks had seeded trent 's prize rosebushes with last saturday .
the gardens remained quiet , and the other maintenance crews stayed clear of nick 's caution flags stuck around the rose bed .
the smell of the garden was a balm .
i knew they were , but as i opened my mouth to answer , a twig snapped in the garden .
i stuck to the paths until i reached the garden wall .
as the pair of dogs let up on her to wrestle and growl with each other instead , two women now strode across the snowy lawn from another section of the garden courtyard .
mira called back through the darkness of the courtyard gardens behind the order 's mansion .
` ` hey , '' she said , trudging alongside him deeper into the gardens as they continued on after the dogs .
a courtyard and garden was visible through the glass .
it was a large room with glass walls on two sides , overlooking the courtyard , the basketball court , and landscaped gardens in the distance .
` ` or you could take a walk in the garden .
she was approaching the edge of the garden where it melded into the woods .
he spotted movement on a monitor that showed the garden .
toni slapped him so hard the sound echoed across the garden .
he said you and carlos shared a kiss that was so hot , he feared you would set the garden on fire . ''
it was bad enough that angus mackay had watched her kiss carlos in the garden at romatech , but now she had to wonder .
they seek me out the same way raquel and coco did in the garden at romatech .
shanna had attempted to make the gazebo in the romatech garden comfortable for them .
commonwealth , a block off the public garden . ''
there was just the two of us , a tent , and a huge picnic basket of food on five acres of manicured lawns and lush gardens .
a hissing , clanking , crashing sound commenced as some large mechanical object made its way through the shrubs , destroying mrs . temminnick 's garden .
pillover , flask in hand , came bumbling through the garden on chubby , rapidly churning legs and stumbled directly into the middle of the lilac dell that housed the pickleman , monique , the dandy , and the mechanimal .
should you be out in the garden unchaperoned with all this roughhousing ?
who is she , anyway , and what was she doing in our garden in her bare feet ? ''
` ` if she wants to stay when the weather breaks , she can work the garden , such as it is . ''
` ` i thought jax would be the first one to leave to start his own garden . ''
in his eyes , the entire city was probably his garden , as cold and snowy as it was .
where in tink 's garden are we ? ''
i cut a small swath through the snow behind al as he pulled me kicking to the wooden gate at the front of the garden that led to the street .
i loved it here : the kitchen , the witch 's garden , the cool - factor of living in a church .
one of trent 's live - shot video feeds showed a second view of the dim garden .
it 's easier to go through the church than stumble through the garden the back way . ''
or garden trimmers .
the trees were all full of new green leaves , and in the gardens flowers were blooming .
white and red rose petals flow from the garden , winding and curving freely in the air .
we stride for the garden , blooming with red and white roses .
she urges me toward the egress of the garden .
she was away from the college crowd now , and morganville natives took advantage of the sunshine any way they could - sunbathing , working in their gardens , painting their houses .
not walking , not driving , not weeding a garden .
and the garden needed attention .
standing , i gazed from the yellow clapboard add - on behind the rented church to the walled graveyard past the witch 's garden .
fairies ate insects , not nectar , like pixies did , and they did n't care if they killed a garden in their search for food .
` ` i told you to stay out of my garden if you could n't keep from wrecking it !
` ` it 's not your garden , '' he said loudly .
` ` it 's my garden , and you can take a long walk in a short ley line for all i care . ''
i did n't blame her , but it was jenks 's garden , and if i did n't drive them out , it would be trashed by the time i convinced him to come back .
i hated to do this , but if they ruined the garden , jenks 's kids would starve .
he was a garden fairy , not one of the assassins that had almost killed me last spring , but he was still accustomed to fighting for his right to live .
but it was jenks 's garden , and i 'd hold them off as long as i could .
she had possession of a small garden across the street and needed silver to protect it and herself since she had yet to take a husband .
` ` two women ca n't hold a garden ! ''
she did n't take her steely gaze off them as they retreated to the knee - high wall that divided the garden from the graveyard .
` ` i 'll make sure jih 's garden is safe , then i 'll be back . ''
i looked to the front of the church as if i could see her garden on the opposite side of the street .
jih looked eight , but in pixy years she was old enough to be on her own and was actively searching for a husband , finding herself in the unique situation of being able to take her time as she developed her own garden , holding it with silver given to her by her father .
things were probably tough for them while jenks 's pride kept them out of their garden and they struggled to make ends meet .
i turned off the tap and dried my hands on the dish towel , frowning at the butterfly wings drifting closer to the garden .
` ` but they were only garden fairies . ''
but matalina and your kids are coming back to the garden .
i ca n't keep those damn fairies out to save my dandelions , and i need my garden as much as i need backup on a night with a full moon .
from the dark garden came the trill of a toad .
the smell of pizza mixed with the rich scent of wet garden , and ivy came in looking like a frat boy 's fantasy in her rain - damp , sex - in - leather coat and a square box of pizza balanced on one hand .
` ` it tastes like the garden in the fall when people have been burning their leaves . ''
the kitchen was silent but for the sound of his kids in the garden when he belligerently dropped his pixy - sized cup into the spell pot with a dull clang .
the garden is starting to go empty .
` ` between that wish and the garden , '' he continued , staring out the front window , ` ` i ' m not worried about any of my children surviving past matalina and me , and i thank you for that . ''
turns out , jenks was a power shopper , which probably stemmed from his garden gathering background .
no wonder pixies spent more time in the garden than working a nine - to - five to buy their food like most people .
i whispered , cataloging the silent shelves and displays of amazon rain forest stuffed animals and expensive books on how to design a garden for wildlife .
and soft kitty fur in my garden . ''
look at me ; i ' m scarred and old , and if i did n't have a garden now , i 'd be worthless .
` ` half your scars are from the garden , '' he protested .
` ` i know you and mom want me to be safe , but a garden is n't safe , it 's only a more convenient place to die .
` ` the garden was bad .
big al used demon magic to look like people he had never seen , plucking their description and voice from memories like i picked flowers from my garden .
i thought back to seeing his kids tearing apart the fairy nest in his garden .
` ` it works great when he murders garden fairies . ''
this was why i had a witch 's garden - and a clan of pixies to maintain it .
i could n't wait to get into the garden tomorrow , and even had a few seeds i wanted to try out .
she loved the garden , the graveyard , and the pixies that lived in it , but not me .
i shouted into the dusky garden , alight with pixy children tormenting moths .
i waited in the new silence broken by shrill pixy whistles coming from the garden .
a worried voice called , and ceri strode in , fully dressed in faded jeans with dirt - wet knees , clearly having been in the garden despite it being before sunrise .
i prayed the pixies would stay in the garden .
the light coming into the church was eclipsed , and ceri pulled herself up , wiping her face and smearing it with blood , tears , and dirt from her garden .
it was usually microwave something or cook on ivy 's hellacious grill out back , in the tidy witch 's garden between the church and the graveyard proper .
jenks 's wife , matalina , had gotten the pixy kids out of the living room , and the sound of them in the garden slipped in with the morning breeze .
the pixy had a wife and way too many kids living in a stump in the garden .
there was a paperboard tray with two cups steaming between us , and the warm breeze coming in from the garden was pushing the heavenly aroma of freshly brewed coffee right to me .
ivy kept typing , and while jenks excused himself to help the forgotten toddler crying in the ladle back to the stump in the garden , i took the time to wonder what glenn was doing here .
cool damp drifted in , and i looked out onto the dark , soggy garden as i washed my hands .
dropping the saucepan on the stove , i dug around under the counter until i remembered that jenks 's kids were using the big pot as a fort in the garden .
i 'd always thought it odd that trent went to such great lengths to keep pixies and fairies out of his personal gardens .
jih was his eldest daughter , now living across the street with ceri to build up a garden to support her and a future family .
but she 's got three pixy bucks circling her and her garden and wants me to build something with them so she can see how they work , then make her decision from that . ''
he had dropped tradition to gain a six - by - eight swath of garden and some flower boxes .
now he had a walled garden of four city lots .
you ' ve been in the garden . ''
his tan had deepened with summer , leading me to think he got out into his prizewinning gardens and nationally renowned stables more often than he let on .
i had just come from the mall by way of the bus , and i was eager to show somebody what i 'd bought for trent 's wedding rehearsal and dinner , but ivy was out and jenks was in the garden .
` ` they are n't allowed to leave the garden . ''
minias brought his attention from the dark garden .
the hush of the broom was soothing , and the garden had gone silent , the pixies off doing pixy things at the far end of the graveyard , no doubt .
if the firm fell apart , jenks would probably lose control of the garden .
reassured , jenks glanced into the garden , the sun glinting on his shock of bright yellow hair .
even if trent were n't such a dirtbag , i 'd probably never see her again after she found his garden .
the back of the cathedral was narrow walled garden and cracked parking lot .
i told you you 're doing yourself a disservice by keeping pixies out of your garden .
i stepped to the window , leaning over the sink to watch him trail a green shimmer of dust to the stump in the garden .
i ' ve got some things to do in the garden , just yell if you need me . ''
the odor of acetone mixed with the scent of the herbs hanging over the center island counter , and the sound of jenks 's kids was a balm as they played hide - and - seek in the garden .
jenks demanded , and one by one they slipped into the garden .
i thought back to my conversation with keasley in the garden .
they 're going to bulldoze the garden ! ''
if we lost the garden , the stress might tip matalina into a downward spiral .
the garden and everything that came with working with you ? ''
` ` like you were my last seedling in the garden , '' he said , then swooped into the car .
jenks 's wings clattered , and he flew to land on the table , standing with his hands on his hips so the hilt of his garden sword showed .
in the rafters pixies played , safe in their garden and church until the two worlds collided .
so i told her they were in the compost heap at the bottom of the garden .
` ` you were staked out in a garden center ? ''
` ` so why the garden center ? ''
nurse beryl watkins mentioned when she was polishing me how well i would fit into a particular alcove in catheter cottage overlooking her garden .
it smelled like a garden in there , a garden with a wet dog panting on the cool tile .
it smelled like a garden in there , a garden with a wet dog panting on the cool tile .
i swear , i was going to use her precious maps as weed block in the garden .
` ` edden , you can just plant your sunflower seeds in someone else 's garden .
` ` would you show glenn the garden while i shower ? ''
he had killed before to keep his garden so his children would n't starve .
they 're in garden .
i could put him in the garden to police the slugs from the hostas .
the pixy children squealed and scattered , flowing out of the window and into the dark garden to leave shimmering trails of pixy dust and the memory of their voices .
` ` i thought i might pick up what i do n't have in the garden while i ' m out .
if your mom is cotton to the idea , i ' m going to let him have a go at making a garden big enough to support him . ''
three of his kids zipped in from the garden , all talking at once .
all singing in glorious harmony , they flowed out the window and into the garden .
they 're in the garden right now , making rings around the ash tree and singing about cold steel . ''
surrounded by trees and gardens , the office buildings had a sense of permanence those in the city lacked .
a tour bus was just leaving , obnoxiously noisy and emblazoned with advertisements to visit trent 's gardens .
` ` sure , go ahead , '' i said , thinking he could search the garden better than a pack of dogs .
edden 's voice rasped at my awareness as he told glenn to have jenks double - check the gardens .
like you have a ley line running through your garden .
trent and quen had accompanied us out here , leaving jonathan behind to supervise the fib officers still coming in from the gardens .
jenks would have killed it before letting competition get a foothold in his garden .
` ` you ' ve seen his gardens and that artificial forest of his .
the long and short of it was that trent invited me to his garden for tea .
i asked her to put in a witch 's kitchen and stock it with appropriate books ; she went beyond to arrange for a garden that would be irresistible . ''
its paint was not exactly peeling , but it was faded , and its garden was overgrown with herbs gone to seed and lettuces that had bolted .
she toddled to the edge and looked down : hyde park was to their left and a little ahead , while green park and the palace garden lay spread behind them and to the right .
for three days i hid in somebody 's garden shed .
the room overlooked a smal , private garden .
a series of three floor - to - ceiling windows looked out on another garden , this one larger than jenna 's .
in the center of the garden , a fountain sprayed sparkling showers of water into the soft afternoon air .
thorne abbey has it planted in every garden on the premises .
it was a black - and - white shot of about fifty girls in the front garden of thorne .
kris here was nice enough to hook me up with digs overlooking one of the gardens .
` ` i promised your dad i 'd check out one of the gardens this morning .
i must ' ve worked on every bush in that whole garden .
it was warped with age , distorting my view of yet another garden .
it was n't hard to find her : she and vix were stil hanging out in the garden .
jenna and i hung out in the garden until early evening .
nick was holding the picture of my mom , while daisy lounged on my bed , flipping through my copy of the secret garden .
i made my way through the garden maze , the tal hedges making deep shadows in front of me .
i remembered joking with nick in the garden at thorne , using magic to dress each other in stupid clothes .
there was a sort of roof garden here - anyway , a lot of scraggly plants in large wooden tubs .
there 's a little garden there . ''
` ` see - there 's the garden . ''
he headed toward the crowded , street - cafe rife environment that was fitzroy street , but thankfully did n't turn into it - probably because there was no place for shadows in that brightly lit place he headed for the gardens instead , avoiding the streetlights and paralleling beaconsfield parade i looked past him , studying the layout .
saw a large house surrounded by lush gardens .
same colour door , same style curtains , same small garden out the back .
` ` it 's nothing , just a bit of garden magic , palomita .
it had everything from garden tools to lingerie , hot coffee , books and sheet music , furniture , horse harnesses , and china teacups .
she stood tall and elegant , making mason look like a red - faced garden gnome clinging to her side .
the mansion had been transformed into a spread from homes and gardens .
her gaze swept over the building , the gazebo and well - manicured garden , then shifted to the woods .
` ` the garden is lovely this time of year . ''
he led her down the steps to the flagstone path that would take them to the garden on the side of the house .
on the south side , a garden had been planted where the land sloped down to a flat meadow .
they were drinking beer on the patio , making out in the garden .
a moment later , the little slayer walked through a garden to the back of one of the nicer brownstones .
the bunch of them headed out the back into the garden , and he and rhage dematerialized while vishous hot - wired the lexus in the garage so they could confiscate it .
it just had to barge in and piss all over everyone 's rose garden .
lassiter stared out at the gardens and marveled at how close to life they were - in spite of how shriveled and decrepit they appeared , they were about to burst forth and sing for spring .
he was outside , in the garden courtyard behind the estate .
` ` all the food 's been taken but there 's carrots and parsnips in a little garden down the hill a bit , '' shufti said , as they walked away .
the house itself was situated on lushly manicured grounds , complete with sumptuous gardens filled , in part , with fresh herbs .
` ` right , '' i said , as we now followed tara along a curved , stone path that led through even more succulent gardens .
at parks , and sometimes on my balcony garden at home . ''
a typical washington home , i discovered : clapboard siding , cute herbal garden , and a stone path through roses .
i had a brief image of a garden hose coming to life , engorged with water , swelling , thickening .
kids who 'd be hyped up on the christmas spirit already if the bright decorations in the garden and on the front of the house were any indication .
he had one of those weird little fake zen gardens on his desk , the sand neatly groomed .
aunt tabby had cleared a patch of stinging nettles -- stinging nettles are what grow best in our garden -- and she had dumped down a piece of board and some old paints .
i went out into the garden to see if aunt tabby had changed the sign , but she had n't .
i suppose that is what birds feel like all the time when they hang around in the big old trees out in the garden .
had she seen me run mezzanotte to the forest when she and damon explored the garden , desperate to get away from their laughter ?
ou ` ` it 's all gone from the garden .
except our garden , '' cordelia said darkly .
` ` after this meeting , cordelia may escort miss honoria to her garden to find vervain . ''
what i remember is having the run of a big old rectangular palatial roman house , with many rectangular rooms built onto the main rectangle , one off another , the whole nestled in a huge garden high on the palatine hill .
i remember a time when there were so many old greek slaves in the garden that i could sit day after day and listen to them argue .
i ran to him , kissed him on the lips and at once the slaves led me through the garden .
the receiving room , or atrium , was huge , and beyond it i saw the rich couches of the dining room on the far side of a rather large enclosed garden - the peristyle .
and when they 'd found every room quite fine , and a bedchamber down the hall to the right , and a small open garden somewhere to the left , beyond the kitchen , they went upstairs , found things proper and then unloaded my possessions .
i looked at the small leafy trees of the garden .
on hands and knees i crawled in my torn dress around the garden of the peristyle , gathering flowers for these gods .
i sat up and i laid my hand on the lararium , and looked at the spiderwebs in the trees of the garden , made visible by the climbing sun .
i was hot and anxious , because my mantle kept slipping , in fact , all this silk seemed to slip and to slide , and there were many open wine gardens where women gathered in groups , chatting .
on the contrary , my father had a habit of inheriting the decrepit and wise from his friends , and we had often teased my father about the academy , which did nothing in the slaves ' garden but argue about history .
meantime , the boys were begging me to go to the nearby wine garden with them , a lovely place .
i sat down and i wrote down everything that i could remember of the dreams , my eyes straining to see by the miserable little lamp in the shadows , too far from the light that filled the fresh green garden of the peristyle .
` ` no , i did not , '' he said , lifting his cloak to reveal it , ` ` and with your permission i would like to plunge it through my heart now so that i will be most assuredly stone - cold dead before the master of this house arrives home to find you running rampant in his garden ! ''
for a moment the tranquillity and moist cool air of the garden lulled all fear in me , and i seemed safe , among patterns i understood , far far from dark temples , safe in tuscany , in our own family gardens there , which had been so rich like this .
for a moment the tranquillity and moist cool air of the garden lulled all fear in me , and i seemed safe , among patterns i understood , far far from dark temples , safe in tuscany , in our own family gardens there , which had been so rich like this .
` ` let me beg you one last time to come back out of this man 's garden ! ''
then came the breeze again , full of the breath of the garden , lifting these cinders and carrying them away , like so many fragile tiny black insects , into the shadows of the antechamber .
out under the stars , marius sat alone in his soft shapeless garden .
` ` she must gather recollections like flowers picked at random from the garden of the world , like leaves falling into her hands , and from these recollections she fastened for me a garland !
in your kindness you characterize it as a garden from which the mother gathered flowers and leaves to make a garland for you , a trap , as you said .
he sat in the garden , just as he had in the vision shown to me by akasha .
why , i demanded , must his domination extend to every corner of our entire house and garden ?
then i went out into the garden .
and it matters not that i stopped to listen to paul preach of christ , or that i weave flowers into crowns for the queen , or that i dance like a fool under the moon in the garden before dawn , or that i ... that i love you .
i ask you , please , to go out in the garden and let us speak .
but it was finally done , and we stood together - marius and i - in the garden , our garments smeared with soot , staring down at blowing grass , making certain with our eyes that the ashes were blown in all directions .
` ` although i must be getting old at last ; i feel the need to spend most of today dozing in a chair in the garden .
flowers in her garden , he squared his shoulders and walked into the woods .
a picture postcard - perfect smal southern town of deep - porched houses surrounded by careful y tended flower gardens and big old trees .
` ` it 's not from any of the gardens on our street , though .
unlike most of the others , it did n't sound like something she 'd find in her mother 's garden .
` ` i'l go visit him tomorrow and bring him some of the flowers from our garden he 's been working so hard on .
they 'd fil ed three fat black trash bags with the papers , clippings , and books they 'd found in the smal woods ' garden shed .
we'l stay about ten feet apart from one another and go from one end of this rose garden to the other , searching .
ahead of them , between two rosebushes that looked just the same as any other two rosebushes in the garden , there was the slightest shift , the tiniest distortion .
but he 's looking at me in a way that makes it clear he knows that , and that he 's sorry for it , and that he 's going to do everything he can to make it up to me ... more than make it up to me , even ... and the next thing i know , sebastian drake is taking me into his arms - gently , so gently - and leading me from the dance floor toward a set of french doors through which i can see a night - darkened garden , bathed in twinkling fairy lights and moonlight ... just the kind of place to which you 'd expect to be led by the golden - haired descendant of a transylvanian count .
everyone and everything we ' ve left behind us - the other couples ; adam ; a stunned lila , staring after us jealously ; ted , staring jealously at her ; even the streamers and rosettes - seems to melt away as if all that exists in the world is me , the garden that i find myself in , and sebastian drake .
my brain seems to be as filled with fog as this garden we 're standing in .
too bad he 'd fizzled into ash out in the garden , where no one but adam and i could see it .
a garden straight from hell .
that house had been large and surrounded by acres and acres of lush gardens .
as he walked away , i glanced at the trees again then went in search of a garden tap .
poppy 's bedroom looked like a garden .
it was a typical - looking employee cafeteria - rectangular - shaped tables and plastic chairs , but she liked the view of the basketball court and garden .
` ` at the back of the garden .
and the garden outside is heavenly .
maya was the enemy , the snake in the garden .
the man had already gone to great trouble , layering the bottom with dirt from both mexico and her garden , and then installing a special liner so that the smell and dirt did n't seep through the satin .
now she could only enjoy those flowers and trees by the solar lights that lined her garden .
after seeing all that elvi had lost - food , wine , enjoying the garden in daylight , trips to the beach , barbecues with friends , and so on , she thought perhaps it was n't such a great deal .
her garden had always been her haven , where she could retire from life 's troubles and just relax , digging in the earth with the aroma of flowers and herbs around her .
she was constantly taking him by surprise , flitting this way or that like a hummingbird in a garden .
she could go out and work in the garden .
` ` but i want to go outside in the garden , '' elvi said and frowned at the childlike whine in her own voice .
she survived on blood the townspeople donated and did n't want to burden them any more than she had , but she so wanted to go out in the garden .
elvi let loose a little sigh of mingled relief and pleasure , then walked to the edge of the deck , and paused again , her gaze moving over her garden , taking in everything .
before the turn , elvi had spent hours everyday in her garden ; weeding , planting , pruning , watering .
as for the garden itself , it had grown wild over the last five years .
she 'd look into that next week , once the men were gone , but for now she could at least do some of it herself and see what was left of the garden she 'd tended so lovingly before the turn .
birds were singing and flapping around in the birdbath , butterflies were dancing among the flowers , and there was a squirrel digging in the garden , no doubt in search of a walnut it had buried there .
i ' m just baking the last of them now , but i thought i 'd come out and see how much work there is to do in the gardens . ''
` ` do you want some help with the garden ? ''
karen and mike kept a beautiful home and yard and could always be found outside mowing , raking , or working in the garden .
mabel had hired owen to mow the lawn and such , but had let the garden go .
a disappointed sigh to his side drew victor 's gaze to harper to see the immortal standing , shoulders slumped , the dripping garden hose in his hands .
besides , coming out to work in the garden is hardly throwing myself into danger . ''
most moroi avoided this kind of intense sun , but her love of plants was so great that she 'd been risking it to work on some of the ailing flowers in clarence 's garden .
the halloween dance was being held at a very pretty hall adjacent to some botanical gardens .
there were more palm trees ringing the yard , along with a terraced garden full of plants , both native and non - native .
the wedding was being held in the town 's claim to fame : a huge , indoor garden that defied the wintry conditions outside .
how ironic that ` ` creatures of the night '' would live among beautifully landscaped gardens while ` ` servants of the light '' like us skulked in ugly buildings with no windows .
in fact , a good part of the getty villa was set up like some ancient temple , complete with pillars surrounding courtyards filled with gardens , fountains , and statues .
it was a huge outdoor garden built around a pool that had to be at least two hundred feet long .
he sat at the opposite end of the garden from where i 'd entered , on the pool 's far edge .
adrian and i spent the rest of the day at the villa , most of it kissing in the gardens , though i did convince him to check out some of the artifacts inside .
grimacing , jeanne louise knelt in the rose garden that ran along the back fence and began digging at the muddy earth .
apparently the garden had been watered not long before her arrival ; the dirt she was digging was mud .
once jeanne louise had dug what she considered to be far enough down , she lay down in the garden to work her arm inside the hole and started digging under the wall itself , scooping out the dirt quickly and impatiently .
she 'd been first kneeling and then lying in the muddy garden after all .
` ` instead of going out to the gardens ? ''
she moved quickly and silently to the stand of fruit trees in the back garden , going over the grass like her father did with fluidity and grace - as was the way with vampires .
october was too cold for him to be out , but with the garden dormant and matalina in need of fern seeds , risking a trip in the rain to a charm shop had been his only recourse .
` ` banish your demon , rachel , so we can get our coffee , '' my mother said as if he was a nuisance like fairies in her garden .
his wings a dismal blue , he zipped over the house to the backyard where jih had been concentrating her efforts on building a garden .
she wanted to talk in the garden - her stronghold .
i brought my attention back from the garden to focus on ceri and her anxiety .
he had witnessed the entire miserable affair , and when i fled his car to find solace in my garden , he followed me , taking me into his arms and telling me i was beautiful and pure .
` ` i bet trent would let pixies in his garden if you asked , '' i said with a smirk , imagining the man covered in them .
` ` welcome to the garden , bis , '' jenks said cheerfully .
i had told him he could stay home and spit seeds at the creepy statue in the garden with bis , but he swore so prettily at me that i had invited him along on david 's and my run .
the jealousy in trent 's gaze gave me pause , and i watched him stare into the garden his parents had created , lost in memory .
dressed in my working leathers , i sat alone in a folding chair under a tree in the dying autumn garden as everyone pretended everything was normal , clustered at the picnic table to eat their hot dogs before we called a demon into the graveyard .
she was too young to be alone , but so eager to help maintain the garden and their security that it was easier to watch her from a distance .
` ` he said he was going to make sure his family was safe , '' she said , and my gaze went over the pixy - empty garden .
ivy moaned softly , turning to grip the sink and look into the black garden .
tired beyond belief , i looked up to see ceri helping trent out of the garden .
jenks was tight by my ear as i waved one finger at the empty - seeming garden .
the smell of the dying garden was strong , and my ankles went damp .
nothing smells as good as a garden tomato that 's never seen the inside of a refrigerator . ` `
it brought her the scent of earth , for he 'd apparently worn them out in the garden earlier and some of the aroma of the dirt had clung to the heels .
the glassed area gave her a view of her rose garden and the statue in the middle , a fountain with water sprites cavorting around pan .
she said nothing after that , turning her attention back to her rose garden .
my rose garden is fertilized by the bodies of men after my money . ` `
thomas came upon me in the garden , trying to replant them . ` `
` ` when i went to the back garden , i discovered he 'd torn them all out of the ground .
that last time , she 'd felt his hot forehead and simply held his hand , sitting in the garden at the monastery , talking about things they enjoyed , not talking about things too painful to discuss .
he 'd also cut several of her garden roses and inserted them .
she was standing in the garden behind the boarding house , in the utter silence between claps of thunder , with fallen leaves on the ground where her broken body should be .
damon had been absent from the house all day , but he showed up in the meticulously landscaped garden precisely on time , and stood lounging against a tree , adjusting his cuff .
` ` we began to search the gardens , calling katherine 's name .
the sun was shining on the high cypress trees and the pines in the garden .
frustrated , i ran through the unkempt gardens infested with overgrown weeds .
i was about to turn on my heel to return to the park when the massive door flew open , as if it were no heavier than a garden gate .
pink , white , and deep , deep red , it looked like a beautiful trail through a magnificent rose garden .
trehan traced behind bettina , secretly following her as she retreated to an alcove deep within a garden .
hat tip to the vamp on that one-'cause you sure as hell were n't barring the gates to your lady garden . ''
their hoses were much more powerful than the garden hose , and the jet streams of water drove the lunging dogs off with sheer force .
there was a tiny garden out back .
so i sat back , fished , found spuds growing nearby and brought some back fer me garden , and i been waiting ever since , five ' r six years near as i can figure . ''
but rather than sate their desire , she announced she wanted to work in her rose garden .
once they got to the garden and started working on the rose- bushes , fortunately the lust settled to a slow simmer , a more quiet intimacy descending .
the other dogs followed them to the garden shed .
the dancing satyr among the artful sprays of water formed the backdrop to her rose garden .
it was on the southeast side of the palace where a huge lawn was sculpted with elaborate hedge gardens and open spaces for a variety of games .
there were two exit points , marble staircases that made matching crescent shapes to the bottom , inviting guests into the gardens and play areas .
we could go to the statuary gardens , become some of the live entertainment . ` `
it was only going to get worse , for the garden was full of such sights .
many wandered through the gardens just as they did , glasses of wine or other chosen drinks in hand as they gazed at the posings and commented on them .
everything , from lady lyssa choosing a partner for the first dance at the vam- pire ball , to strolling in this garden ... ` ` she bowed her head as they passed another vampire pair and squeezed jacob 's arm to remind him to do the same as they passed .
and this is ... ` ` he let his gaze course over the garden .
seanna took him into another section of hedge garden that was more animated .
it brought to mind one night in her rose garden , when he 'd somehow managed to talk her into lying naked under the stars with him .
fueled by visions of darkness and blood , lyssa twisted and spun out of the arched walkway along the castle wall , spearing up over the east side of the castle to get a view of the ocean and garden side where most of the explosions had occurred .
` ` and he showed me a picture of a garden with a huge crystal in it - like mr . z 's crystal .
` ` tamsin , take them out to the rose garden .
the rose garden 's warm ?
the light and warmth seemed to come from the fountain in the center of the walled garden .
aqueducts , gardens , temples , docks , libraries , places of learning . ''
then , slowly , he turned to the crystal in the center of the garden .
he 'd whispered a few words to her in the rose garden , asking her to come tonight and meet him .
we need you in the garden ! ''
` ` and they said she was needed in the garden ! ''
` ` the garden - where the crystal is .
` ` to the rose garden !
rob kept shouting , and somehow they made it to the garden .
a garden behind the ears , the curls .
horrifying yet tantalizing , their beginning in new orleans , twelve years ago when daniel had entered a crumbling old house in the garden district and known at once that it was the vampire lestat 's lair .
the savage garden he called the world that could embrace such exquisite monsters , ah , yes .
but let me be a lover in the savage garden with you , and the light that went out of life would come back in a great burst of glory .
he turned and walked into the garden towards the villa , his heels making the faintest sound on the worn gray stones .
but look well at this garden , because once i do it , you 'll never read my thoughts or see my visions again .
the ceiling of the cabin of the plane , the soft yellow lights reflected in the warm wood - paneled walls , and then around him the garden , the perfume , the sight of the flowers almost breaking loose from their stems .
the garden again .
the garden grew up over his head .
` ` i want to go back to the garden , the villa . ''
he stopped beside the painted wall of a garden , reaching up to rest his hand on a gnarled branch , letting the cool fleecy green leaves touch his face .
two were garden district mansions , clearly uninhabitable and falling to ruin behind rusted gates .
the garden , the fountain- but you know there 's nothing there but weeds .
this was the ragged edge of the savage garden of the world in which hope could not flower .
houses were no longer fortresses ; gardens no longer needed their walls .
i can not turn this earth into a garden , i can not create the eden of human imagination - unless i eliminate the males almost completely . ''
` ` bring to mind your vision of the savage garden , in which aesthetic principles are the only enduring principles - the laws that govern the evolution of all things large and small , of colors and patterns in glorious profusion , and beauty !
` ` when the years have passed , '' she said , ` ` when my garden has bloomed through many summers and gone to sleep through many winters ; when the old ways of rape and war are nothing but memory , and women watch the old films in mystification that such things could ever have been done ; when the ways of women are inculcated into every member of the population , naturally , as aggression is now inculcated , then perhaps the males can return .
go out in the lush garden that surrounds this villa ; study the bees in their hives and the ants who labor as they have always done .
out of that hideous game shall come a garden ?
in fact , it seemed to forget khayman altogether for the moment , as it went tearing through the palace gardens destroying all that it could .
` ` now khayman , all this while , had knelt at the very edge of the garden , deserted by the guards who had thrown in with the flesh eaters .
he saw that his clothes had been changed , and his face and hands bathed , and that there was only the dimmest light here and sweet incense , and the doors were open to the garden as if there was nothing to fear .
the garden of god .
that this was the garden of god ?
khayman , the glaring torch in his hand ! -the trees of the garden - why , it was as if i had never truly seen such simple things for what they were !
all those centuries i sat upon my throne in marius 's shrine ; i dreamed of an earth that was a garden , a world where beings lived without the torment that i could hear and feel .
i thought of her dreams , her garden of peace on earth , with flowers springing from the blood - soaked soil .
as she passed the garden elena glanced sideways at the hole in the middle of the angelica patch that was the powered - down gateway where they 'd come back from the dark dimension .
in the dark dimension - to which there was a gateway in the boardinghouse 's garden .
he had been outside in the garden when he 'd seen the door to the storage room standing open and had known that there was an intruder .
flowers 's garden .
` ` you have made me a beautiful garden in my room , and i am grateful .
this one , going by the story , was in the middle range , because a ` ` paradise '' was a kind of garden , with exotic flowers blooming everywhere , and little streams bubbling down smal waterfal s into clear , deep pools .
he had been walking right into the garden .
the daffodils in the garden are all in bloom .
and how could i ever keep my garden in peace ? ''
flowers ' kitchen garden , almost directly below elena .
now he waslaughing as meredith held the garden shears .
oh , and to plant ready - grown flowers and trees in the gardens and put in fountains and all kinds of stuff .
flowers said , allowing matt to take another bag of groceries back through the kitchen garden and into the kitchen of the house .
lady ulma had then nodded at the window , out of which a small mill stream could be seen , and some plum trees , with ripe fruit blazing like jewels on the branches , and then with a sweep of her hand indicated the gardens , orchards , fields , and forests on the estate .
then there were individual voices raised , pointing out the difficulties : the rock - hardness of the rolled grass , the many ballrooms with their many floral arrangements in soil , the kitchen garden and flower gardens ( which we have n't even seen yet , elena thought . )
then there were individual voices raised , pointing out the difficulties : the rock - hardness of the rolled grass , the many ballrooms with their many floral arrangements in soil , the kitchen garden and flower gardens ( which we have n't even seen yet , elena thought . )
i asked , pul ing damon from the group and walking a distance away , toward the manicured garden that surrounded the house .
he took her hand again , tightly , and pulled her farther down the sidewalk , then through the gate to the botanical garden .
flowers said , and bonnie blurted out the whole story : zander 's strange disconnectedness and the way bonnie had finally confronted him about it ; how he had proposed in the warm , fragrant rose garden and how bonnie had said no , even though it broke her heart .
flowers rose stiffly and led the way out the kitchen door into her herb garden , moving more quickly than she had earlier .
flowers led her through the winding paths of her herb garden .
flowers 's garden , the way their sweet scent had risen from her hands and clothes all the way home , filling her car with the smells of summer .
his redbird was like a rare rose in a garden of dandelions .
in the quiet immaculate gardens of coral gables , countless lamps illuminated the handsome sprawling villas with their red - tiled roofs , and swimming pools shimmering with turquoise light .
and i ' m the only immortal now who hunts this glorious corner of the savage garden , for as you have seen , the others long ago deserted the coven house here - unable to endure each other 's company any more than i can endure them .
no doubt he was in his crumbling little house in its deep swampy garden in new orleans , reading by the light of the moon as he always did , or giving in to one shuddering candle should the night be cloudy and dark .
i know these scholars have collected possessions which i myself have abandoned - the contents of rooms in paris near the end of the last century , the books and furnishings of my old house in the tree - shaded streets of the garden district , beneath which i slumbered for decades , quite oblivious to those who walked the rotted floors above .
i had time now to roam the maze in the snow , and to study the pattern of clipped shrubbery , and imagine what the garden would be come spring .
some of these ornate wooden structures are vast , every bit as grand in their own cluttered fashion as the great antebellum greek revival houses of the garden district , which always put me in mind of temples , or the imposing town houses of the french quarter itself .
i made a circuit of the little house , and wandered out into the jungle garden , pushing the thick springy vines out of my way .
how could he say such a thing it seemed an age i was out in the garden , but finally , for better or worse , i wandered back inside .
it was a small garden , and the snow was falling again , deepening around us , and the cold pain in my skin was growing deeper too .
whatever flowers or grass there might have been was of course not visible ; but a few garden statues of darkened concrete and a sharp , thick shrubbery - now nothing but bare twigs and snow - marked a clear rectangular pattern to the whole .
and where are you asleep in the earth , deep beneath your wild and neglected garden , with the winter sun pouring down on the flowers , asleep until the night comes again .
and together we plowed through the high grass , around the ruins of the old porch , and back into the wet and overgrown garden .
i motioned for mojo to follow , and off we crept past the ruins of the little house , still burning merrily , and over a low garden wall and through an overgrown alley and away .
at last i saw the bars of the gate , and the lovely sunlight streaming into the stairwell from the roof garden , and the flutter of the large green elephant ears , which were only a little bruised at the edges from the cold .
he 'll be happy in the roof garden .
i sped off to find mojo , who was sleeping in the cold wet roof garden as if it were the most normal thing in the world .
it is the final triumph of the savage garden , and not all the scientists of civilization will ever classify every species of painted butterfly or speckled cat or flesh - eating fish or giant coiling snake , which thrives in this place .
are these humans the best thing in this savage garden , warring as they have done so long upon one another or are they simply an undifferentiated part of it , no more complex ultimately than the crawling centipede or the slinky satin - skinned jaguar or the silent big - eyed frog so very toxic that one touch of his spotted back brings certain death what have the many towers of great caracas to do with this endless sprawling world that comes so close to it whence came this metropolis of south america , with its smog - filled skies and its vast teeming hillside slums beauty is beauty where you find it .
finally we came to a botanical garden .
what did it matter to me i bought the admission with some of the money you 'd so kindly left in your pockets for the body thief , and then i wandered into the garden and soon found myself in one of the most beautiful places i had ever seen in all the world .
you remember the sound of the coconut palms in grenada , that clicking sound as they moved in the wind you ' ve never heard such music as you will hear in that garden in barbados , and oh , those flowers , those mad savage flowers .
it 's your savage garden , and yet so tame and soft and safe !
she would be his keeper , and i should come for him through the garden gate whenever i wished .
wet and fragrant , the flowers blooming over the garden walls .
it was that seaside resort he 'd described to me , of handsome pink stucco buildings , and great sprawling bungalow roofs , and soft fragrant gardens , and endless vistas of the clean sand and the sparkling translucent sea .
i did n't go there until i 'd been in the gardens up the mountain , and had stood on those very cliffs he had visited , looking out over the forested mountains , and listening to the wind in the branches of the noisy clacking coconut palms .
pulling weeds in the garden with dad .
if you are wanting a new rockery in your garden , just say der word . ''
` ` short cut through the apothecary gardens , sir ! ''
residents in the crescent seldom did much gardening , since even if you planted bulbs you could never be sure whose garden they '' d come up in .
[ 1 ] it was okay to throw your rubbish into the garden , because it might not be your garden you were throwing it into .
[ 1 ] it was okay to throw your rubbish into the garden , because it might not be your garden you were throwing it into .
he '' d scrumped plums in the gardens of empirical crescent with all the other kids .
and people can get a bit iffy when a bunch of dwarfs turn up and start digging holes in the garden . ''
wiggleigh , first looking both ways with a conspiratorial air that would have attracted instant attention had anyone been watching , opened the door of the garden shed .
careful not to use too much of his strength , the king ran from the tower to the garden wall .
there was no entrance on this side of the garden .
` ` in this garden .
the queen 's garden was to the south of the palace .
` ` kahli , '' he breathed , his eyes liquid blue , smiling at her like she intended to keep him in the garden with kisses .
the southern half of the palace was filled with rolling hills , iced gardens , and frozen trees .
her hair matted to her face , as kahli inched through the garden alone , each step taking her closer to the palace - closer to the king .
there was nothing to exploit , and yet , kahli crouched through the garden of ice and stone , inching closer to him with the intention of killing him .
as she moved through the frozen garden , kahli snapped a shard of ice from a tree limb .
when she reached the back of the garden , a long shadow caught her eye .
` ` the garden at the south wall , '' she said quickly , ` ` but there are vamps looking for me in the hills if you go that way . ''
chapter 37 cole directed cassie to take everyone out through the garden and to continue onto the safe house without him .
wandering the western property , kahli walked through frozen glens and the queen 's rose garden .
as she glanced around , kahli noticed the entire garden was like that .
kahli passed the garden through a stone archway that was dusted with snow , and moved toward a lake in the distance .
now barry shovels it out through the poo hatch in the basement ( although uncle drac still does some at night ) , then he puts it into sacks and sells it at the garden gate .
the bellagio with its intricate fountains , the paris and its eiffel tower replica , the mirage and its gardens , treasure island with its pirate ship .
through the glass , he could see the garden and basketball court , illuminated by bright outdoor lights .
across the street , a wrought - iron fence separated the sidewalk from a garden .
sure enough , they were soon in the midst of a rose garden .
he pushed open the door and led her toward a garden area .
connor stood abruptly and exited the glass door into the garden .
the next night , marielle wandered through the garden at romatech .
she walked through the rose garden , plucking a rose here and there .
we followed henry into his gigantic backyard , which was the size of a football field , complete with a mosaic - tiled patio , an olympic - size pool , and a million - dollar flower garden .
i walked past henry 's pool and garden and into his backyard to see what he needed to illuminate .
matt and becky were eating s'mores and hanging by the flower garden .
we were wined and dined at one castle after another , and wandered in and out of the new villas , lavish and full of light , and given over to their abundant gardens .
but listen to what this man was like : he was hideously fat , it was said , and very dirty by nature , and sometimes would take off all his clothes and roll around naked in the dirt of his garden !
` ` no , you wait here - or i tell you what , you come out into the garden . ''
the garden was lovely , a little old grotto , from which you could see the town sneaking up on the right all the way to the castle , and then you could see over the walls far out over the mountains .
there were hovels all over , like old - fashioned peasant huts of mere straw , and open wooden shacks , and little stone enclaves , and trellised gardens and countless circuitous pathways .
it was a drunken labyrinth of a garden gone wild under the naked night .
the sun so burnt my eyes that i could n't thank god yet for the beauty of the square green garden in the center of this place , but i could see very starkly and sweetly the low rounded arches created by michelozzo , arches which created gentle colorless and humble vaults over my head .
down around the cloister , down around the burning hot garden , the large monk , a bear of a man , beaming down at me in habitual and inveterate kindness , carried me in his burly arms , while there came others in their flowing black and white robes , with thin radiant faces seeming to encircle us even in our rapid progress .
oh , such a garden greeted us !
as i made my way into the garden , as i walked on the first marble path that traversed the beds of violets and roses , i saw the birds coming and going , circling broadly in this wide place , so that they could clear the towers that rose so distantly and majestically against the sky .
i realized that all along it was i who had led the way , i who had initiated any movement , and it was i who held us all still now , within the garden , and that they waited as i bowed my head .
and jenks needed the garden out back to feed his almost four dozen kids .
a blue - curtained window over the sink looked out on the small witch 's garden .
the beginnings of a wall had been started to fence in a garden , perhaps , not done and so left until the spring and warmer temperatures .
the ride home had been bitterly cold , and though he 'd never admit it , jenks was almost blue by the time ivy parked her cycle in the garden shed and i hustled into the church with him .
` ` this is so not going to work , '' i muttered , then stepped over the low wall that separated the witch 's garden from the graveyard .
i 'd been here a few times and had found the clerk to be helpful and the selection more than adequate , with a few surprises and the odd pricey item i did n't have in my garden .
someone must have seen me with al in the garden , seen him abduct pierce .
i 'd let you fight in my garden anytime . ''
his broad chest expanded and contracted , and he looked past me , toward the snowy garden .
` ` it looks peaceful when you get up real close , too , '' he said , and i thought of my garden .
the demon said , then brushed the garden of tiny blue butterflies from his sleeve .
it was harder to get stuff now that i was shunned , and jenks was already planning out a third more garden space to compensate for it .
i ' m going out to the garden .
just like i promised to take care of her garden , i ' m going to college .
i ' m going out to the garden . ''
i ca n't wait until it will be just the two of us , or just mom and me in the garden for the whole summer .
` ` well , we went for a walk , sam helped me in the garden and we were just about to start making dinner .
` ` hey , want to be my garden boy ? ''
not that i do n't like the garden boy look on you .
` ` he was just helping me in the garden , '' i say because dad looks really suspicious , like he 's going to start talking about cleaning his gun , which he does n't have .
` ` i know how much you love your tulips , so i thought i 'd bring your garden to you , '' tex says , gesturing to a bouquet of baby yellow tulips in a pink vase .
could it be the hide - a - key under that fake rock in the garden ? ''
a garden where they all gather like bubbles , different colors dancing and playing with one another .
` ` i think i ' m going to sit in the garden for a little while , '' she says after putting on some old jeans and a ratty sweater .
the berries are also from her garden , tart and sweet at the same time .
the rest of the afternoon is peter - free and spent with my mother on our hands and knees in the garden .
basically , it was the better homes and gardens version of the most average house in america .
she 's out in her garden .
tend the garden .
with her i got dr . seuss and any book that had a garden in it .
their color reminds me of those japanese beetles my mom is always trying to eradicate from the garden .
giggling like children , we tiptoe down the stairs and out to the little garden shed dad made her one mother 's day .
wanda told me at the goodwill store that it came in from one of those big mansions down in the garden district .
she walked through a door that was ajar , into the small alcove that led to the interior garden .
they did n't speak much as they made their way from the fancy , high - end garden district , where kyrian lived , to the other side of the french quarter , where the bar and restaurant called sanctuary stood at 688 ursuline .
they did n't speak at all while ash took him the rest of the way to the garden district , where row after row of antebellum homes paid tribute to and housed some of the wealthiest people in new orleans .
dressed in a nice brown sweater and khakis , he oozed an aura of garden district or kenner old money .
as my mama used to say , sometimes you just have to run the snakes out of your garden .
` ` as in someone who pulls vegetables out of a garden ? ''
his senses reeling , nick made his way to canal to grab a streetcar so that he could head over to kyrian 's house in the garden district .
as kody so often said to him - into all gardens rain will fall .
think of an entire city glazed and enameled in the finest colors , think of gardens everywhere .
it was like a small portion of the hanging gardens themselves , and the other public gardens all over the city .
it was like a small portion of the hanging gardens themselves , and the other public gardens all over the city .
let 's go to the public gardens .
` ` we went to his favorite place , a huge public garden right on the euphrates , down away from all the docks and the shipwrights and the commotion .
this garden was filled with big drooping willow trees , just like in the psalm , you know , and there were a few musicians out there playing their pipes and dancing for trinkets .
were i to draw on my will , i could clear this marketplace , this garden now , with a great forceful wind .
` ` we walked all over the quarters of babylon , along the canals , the river , over the bridges , through different districts and through the marketplace and through the many open gardens and parks .
` ` marduk put his arm around me and we walked bravely through the enormous crowd that had gathered to stare at us and our strange activities , and we went on into another great garden , one of my favorites where the musicians were always playing the harps .
i looked up at the distant houses that enclosed the garden , and the rooftops were thronged with onlookers .
the boat waits in the river to take us to the garden house where you will slay the dragon tiamat , and that , by the way , will be nothing to you .
` ` out into the garden came my new master , who at once started to pick up the letters .
and then he told the little ones to go again , get rid of the kettle , and that they could play in the garden for an hour in their bodies if they did n't make noise .
i told him the names of flowers in his garden .
looking beyond into the garden , 1 saw the air full of spirits .
12 ` ` ' flowers , ' i said , ' a beautiful gathering of flowers , from this wall and that gate and this garden . '
' i want you to retain your body and walk through the wall into the garden and then back again .
i was seated in the garden , among the flowers , and he was on a couch there , reading , mussed and yawning as if he 'd spent the night under the stars . ` `
this memory is so vivid to me , perhaps because the wall was white and covered in red flowers , and the olive tree was twisted and old , and many - branched as they get , and the green grass sprouting between the marble squares of the garden was soft .
or when you first sat down in this garden and kept touching the grass with your hands . '
and when i dreamed , it was of gardens , and light and fruit trees and joyous spirits with faces filled with love .
approaching the garden terraces of the building , i looked up at its glorious height .
i saw a blurred panorama of beautiful rooms , many open to the sea , and others open to a garden , just like the courtyard of our house when i was a boy , and the courtyard i could almost remember from that greek city on the sea where i 'd been most unhappy and then happy .
the air swirled around her , full of the scents of the garden .
i hurried through the beautiful garden , and entered what seemed a grand storage place for fine foods , and sure enough , there were plastic bottles of water galore in the refrigerator .
i was staring into the garden , at the big red flowers , like trumpets , and realized for the first time that there were dim electric lights there on these flowers .
i saw a garden far down there , immaculate and mil of trees and bright lights .
the garden held nothing but its bed of egyptian flowers and her empty flesh , her face unhurt , intact , staring blindly upward .
a crowd was climbing up the slope of the garden below .
he looked searchingly at all those gathered at the top of the stairs , only a few feet away , where the garden began and the light rose with limitless brilliance .
it was in los angeles on a mild and lovely evening when i agreed to talk to them in a garden cafe not far from where they 'd approached me on sunset boulevard - two powerful vampires , one ancient and one young who was fueled by the powerful blood of the other .
after the biopsies and vials of blood were taken , we were sitting in their rooftop garden , great banks of tempered glass separating us from the chill pacific wind and the lights of downtown los angeles dazzling in the pretty mist .
seth and i sat in the roof garden as the morning was coming .
maharet had once had many stone rooms here , gated gardens , screened - in areas where she and her sister could roam in solitude .
` ` i can live with the notion that this world is a savage garden , that things are born and die for random reasons , that suffering is irrelevant to the great brutal cycle of life .
seems i turned and put my arms around him , catching his head in my left hand , and struggled with him , but the visions had opened up , and i did n't know one realm from the other for a moment , and the manicured paths and trees of the tuileries had become the savage garden of all the world .
part ii the open highway through the savage garden 5 the story of rose the first time rose saw uncle lestan , he carried her up into the stars .
she no more believed in vampires than she believed in werewolves , or bigfoot , or the yeti , or aliens from outer space , or little winged fairies living in gardens , or elves capturing people in dark woodlands and transporting them to magonia .
again , he saw that old colonial house burning , that multistoried mansion in its gardens in santa teresa , white arches engulfed in flames , the young blood drinkers spinning in flame like whirling dervishes .
again he saw painted flowers , but not the flowers of tonight in this vast tropical city but flowers painted long ago on another wall , flowers of a green garden in which he 'd walked in his dreams , right into the shimmering eden that he had created .
and around marius there formed the gardens he had created for their walls , resplendent with lilies and roses and the twining of green vines .
he fell in love with the song of the wind , with the rich colors that pulsed all around him in the flowers and drowsy palm trees of the palace gardens , with the chanting pulse of those succulent humans upon whom he fed .
he maintained them in a magnificent shrine , filled with flowers , and lamps , its walls painted with verdant gardens .
the silent garden glittered with fragments of broken glass on the tender grass .
only this clean breeze and the glistening leaves of the fruit trees around him , and the white calla lilies glowing against the walls of the villa , the walls of the garden .
he moved away fast , leaving the garden behind him and the lights of the bungalow lost in the forest of bamboo and mango trees .
i went out of the room , motioning for them to let me go , and i stood in this dreamy little tropical garden .
someone was off in the jungles beyond the border of this garden , beyond this horseshoe of little thatched - roof luxurious guest suites , staring at me .
we formed a resolve in that old ruined monastery , that as we rebuilt its roofs , its walls , its doorways , and replanted its vineyards and gardens , we would learn .
he was talking to gregory duff collingsworth as they sat in the long rear salon of trinity gate on the upper east side - a glass porch that in fact united all three townhouses along the back like the service galleries of old in southern mansions - the glass wall beside them open to a magically illuminated garden of slender oaks and masses of night - blooming flowers .
we are in thrall to no belief now except what we can know from the physical world around us ... . '' ` ` lestat 's ' savage garden , ' ` ` said armand .
everywhere i saw mixtures of historical motifs , ribbons of egg - and - dart decoration dividing diamond - shaped panels of multipetaled flowers or dark blue night behind symmetrical stars , or painting so vividly real it seemed a glimpse here and there into a real garden .
but he was gone , gone to some other part of the great savage garden to do mischief , no doubt .
he 'd been a being made for monastery libraries and royal courts , a lover of gorgeously illustrated manuscripts and books , of flutes and drums and lutes playing , of blended voices in song , of the love of men and women in silken beds , and in perfumed gardens .
no sound came from the garden enclosure .
then the distant cry of a bird seemed to waken her , and she bowed her head just a little to the left , towards rhosh , as though she were looking upwards for that bird , that bird outside the wire mesh of the garden .
they lay in wait , the two on either side of the door , both armed now with the machetes from the garden .
there was a fountain in the garden outside , a grecian fountain .
she got up and went to the great wall of glass to look out at the city , to let her eyes move through this glamorous wildwood in which life itself was teeming everywhere around her as surely as it did in faraway streets below , and only yards away it seemed there were darkened windows revealing smoky and ghostly offices and crowded bedrooms and living rooms , and rooftops lying before her with gleaming blue swimming pools and some with green gardens , perfect gardens like toy gardens , with toylike trees she felt she could reach out and pick up with her fingers , and all this stretching on towards the great distant shadow of central park .
she got up and went to the great wall of glass to look out at the city , to let her eyes move through this glamorous wildwood in which life itself was teeming everywhere around her as surely as it did in faraway streets below , and only yards away it seemed there were darkened windows revealing smoky and ghostly offices and crowded bedrooms and living rooms , and rooftops lying before her with gleaming blue swimming pools and some with green gardens , perfect gardens like toy gardens , with toylike trees she felt she could reach out and pick up with her fingers , and all this stretching on towards the great distant shadow of central park .
she got up and went to the great wall of glass to look out at the city , to let her eyes move through this glamorous wildwood in which life itself was teeming everywhere around her as surely as it did in faraway streets below , and only yards away it seemed there were darkened windows revealing smoky and ghostly offices and crowded bedrooms and living rooms , and rooftops lying before her with gleaming blue swimming pools and some with green gardens , perfect gardens like toy gardens , with toylike trees she felt she could reach out and pick up with her fingers , and all this stretching on towards the great distant shadow of central park .
when they were at the edge of the garden enclosure , he 'd turned back , pulled the pin from the grenade he 'd brought with him , and hurled it into the lighted doorway .
25 lestat the garden of love it was a vast space , walled in brick , and lined with young oak trees rising some three stories with bright green leaves .
three townhouse gardens had been joined , obviously , to make this little paradise , this lovingly tended place that seemed as verdant and vital as an old new orleans courtyard , safe from the throbbing world around it , and existing only for those who knew its secret or had the keys to its formidable gates .
how beautiful she looked , how complete , how like a flower fallen there on the gravel path of a garden , how destined for this fragile moment .
an hour after the transformation - when i was at last ready for it - we took the remains of mekare from the library , and buried them in the rear garden in a spot surrounded by flowers and open to the sun in the day .
flower petals were gathered by some of us from throughout the garden and these were sprinkled over the bier .
` ` marius and pandora can then take the fledglings down to the garden , '' i said , ` ` for the physical death and its pain .
there would be time to embrace them , and to weep , yes , to weep as i held their warm , tender mortal bodies in my arms , only some thirteen hours from now when the night threw its inevitable mantle once again across the great savage garden that was our world .
` ` finest flower of the savage garden , '' he said .
only a little rain fell on this garden bench behind the townhouse , tucked as it was beneath the largest of the oaks , the raindrops singing in the leaves overhead .
liked the dampness in the air , liked the music of the rain , and loved the seamless and never - ending roar of the city , as much a part of it as the great river was a part of new orleans , the innumerable population around him holding him safe in this tiny walled place that was their garden , where the lilies opened their white throats and powdery yellow tongues to the rain .
why these walls and not some other garden meant nothing in the scheme of things to this one , and before louis could utter a word to him , the man had resolved to sink the knife into louis 's heart .
he was part of this , this night with its sweet mild rain , and this whispering garden with its fragrant flowers and its trees , and the breezes that moved their branches .
magnus looked up and around , right up to the frescoed ceiling with its fat - faced cherubs pointing at one another and gleefully swinging on vine swings in gardens .
he wanted the world to think of him as a new age aleister crowley - in his mansion in the garden district , he had collected a harem of cramerworshipping girls and , of course , a following of young men who wanted to be just like cramer , or to have young women worshipping them - as they did cramer .
` ` they ' ve already tried that satanist 's mansion in the garden district .
it was well on its way to resembling a formal garden that had been allowed to grow wild .
unfortunately , i also had a few dozen new subjects to worry about - the former denizens of the japanese tea gardens , who were left homeless when their regent , my friend lily , was murdered .
we went sprawling , may in a patch of ornamental ground cover , me into a sign that identified our location as the san francisco art museum garden .
` ` so the cliff entrance has sealed itself , the garden entrance is one - way , and the entrance in the old shed is gone .
a cautionary lesson to anyone thinking about digging a new garden pond .
the houses guarded a well - stocked , well - manicured , and private central garden .
but the witches ' market in covent garden sells all sorts of spells , legal or otherwise , and skin - to - skin contact is an easy way to tag someone .
` ` i have to redraw the protective wardings , recharge the enchantments in the night garden , clean up after the gargoyles , and refurbish the rainbow . ''
ancient trees with long gnarled branches like clutching fingers stood guard over a garden whose flowers were famously as ferocious as they were stunning .
your garden is a disgrace , and where have all the mushrooms gone ?
some say therianthropes date back to the very beginning , the garden of eden , where man and werebeast lived in harmony .
4 two mornings after that , fiji sat on her small back porch , looking at the herb garden with some satisfaction .
in a moment , she 'd have to give up her garden and her comfort and get cleaned up for work , but usually work was enjoyable , if not exactly fun .
she 'd felt so unsettled she had n't been able to concentrate on her garden the next day .
this was not the fire - and - brimstone message he 'd been expecting , but an elaborate explanation that began with the garden of eden , detailing how god had created creatures that combined the features of animals and man , the were - creatures so feared today .
she wanted to dance a ballet to a packed house , kiss whichever celebrity she was crushing on and tattoo her entire body with flowers so she 'd look like a garden .
i adored you from the moment i first learned of you , imagining the two of us tending the garden together , shopping , you styling my hair , painting my nails and doing my makeup as i used to do to my mother .
not a single bloom colored the garden , but the bushes were yellow and orange .
though he could n't speak , and still did n't seem to understand her , he tried to balance on his feet as she guided him to the nearby garden bench .
and jed in lawn and garden ?
i took the stone path through the garden and straight to the looming stucco house , painted in burnt orange .
the flower gardens were weed - free , grass freshly mowed .
the trees lining her driveway glittered with twinkling lights , urging guests to come along to see the wonders of her garden .
cassandra hooked her arm through tiffany 's and paraded her through the gathered throngs in the gardens and around the fire pits as if she were a show pony .
once my shoulder had healed enough to bear the strain , i dug two graves in the garden , next to the rose bush , and laid them to rest .
i waited , and as i did so , i scanned the yard , noting again its perfectly manicured lawn and well - maintained garden .
another hour after that , two black , sharp horns tore through my skin to curve up and out , blossoming above my head like something out of the devil 's own garden .
she closed her eyes , and for a moment imagined a youthful summer day at her country estate along the drava river in her rural hungary , sitting in the garden , watching her younger brother , istvan , play , chasing butterflies with his tiny net .
ahead , a lush rooftop garden , illuminated by oil lamps made of clay , spread wide , inviting the eye to linger , the feet to stroll .
reminded of that , he looked beyond the parapet of the garden , trying to get his bearings , to figure out where they were .
24 october 26 , 10:57 p.m. , ist jerusalem , israel from the rooftop garden , jordan stared down at the wailing wall , at those praying in front of it .
from the priest 's reaction in the garden , she suspected rhun would be more truthful about the dangers ahead - at least more forthright than the cardinal .
` ` father korza ... '' ... elisabeta weeping in the garden under bright sunlight , hiding her face from the sun , grief - stricken , but finally seeing him , rising to meet him , her simple joy shining through tears .
snow hid fields and gardens where they had once walked together .
rhun passed through the monastery 's herb garden , heading to midmorning prayers .
back at his family 's cottage , his sister would often scold him for dawdling in the kitchen garden and laugh when he tried to apologize .
following its meandering path , rhun reached the lichen - covered wall at the back of the garden .
she remembered her gardens , the bright flowers , the healing herbs she once grew .
the grounds themselves were just as impressive , divided into private manicured gardens , contemplative fishponds , and tinkling fountains .
erin and jordan followed the others down a gravel path through a rose garden , the plants long off their bloom .
but it was her face that enchanted him , as flawless as the day he had fallen in love with her , in a long dead rose garden beside a now ruined castle .
she reached an archway on the left and peered through it , expecting it to be another leg of the maze , but instead she discovered a miniature courtyard garden , where all the flowers and trellises and bushes were made of ice .
` ` i betrayed christ with a kiss in the garden of gethsemane .
if he spoke the truth , his eyes had witnessed christ 's miracle , his ears had heard his parables and lessons , those very lips had kissed jesus in the garden of gethsemane and condemned christ to death .
elizabeth strode along at his side as if passing through a garden , her back straight , her chin high .
he saw palm trees rushing under them now , along with flowering bushes , courtyard gardens , and glints of blue water from fountains and man - made pools , all likely spring fed from the local aquifer .
and again when we 'd talked in the moonlit gardens outside the briartop museum , and she 'd finally let me see how sick , weary , and hurt she was because of how i 'd reacted to salina 's death .
i trudged into the parking lot and headed for the fall garden section , deserted except for the day 's fading pansies and bags of mulch that had n't sold .
from the research fletcher lane had done over the years , i knew the expansive , manicured grounds featured several gardens , three greenhouses , an aviary , a golf course , copses of woods , and a small lake .
antique - looking iron street lamps lined the terrace , providing soft , hazy illumination , while wide stone steps led down to a garden beyond .
low moans and sucking sounds drifted up to us , and several dark shapes writhed together in various gazebos in the garden .
i easily could drop dawson in the garden .
` ` i 'd love to go out to the gardens . ''
i let him lead me farther into the shadows that cut through the garden like black knives .
i also remembered going out into the garden with tobias dawson , and the dwarf sucker punching me .
otherwise , he would have done the smart thing and killed me while i 'd been unconscious in mab monroe 's garden .
finally i stumbled out of the house and into the garden in the courtyard outside the kitchen .
bria held the globe up so that snow swirled through the scene - two young girls sitting on the rim of a fountain in a beautiful garden .
` ` it was a courtyard with a garden and a fountain , '' i said in a soft voice , focusing on the photo once more .
we left the downtown district behind and walked through some of the island 's historic gardens , passing more shops , restaurants , and museums along the way .
the giants that finn , bria , and sophia had killed on their way inside the mansion lay strewn about the lawn like oversize garden gnomes that had been toppled over onto their sides .
strawberry scones and cucumber sandwiches at three in the morning , as if we were having a nice little garden luncheon instead of talking about a murder . ''
a hundred feet into the woods , i found a sculpture garden .
i wandered farther out into the garden , following the path of flagstones wending through the woods , amazed by all the pieces hidden among the dappled shadows .
around and around the sculpture garden we went , with cooper trying to split my skull open and me sidestepping out of the way time and time again .
some guy named henley wanted seven of them for his gardens , but the guy never showed up with the money . ''
someone else knowing enough about cooper to steal those same fountains from his sculpture garden .
the sculpture garden .
i 'd need the element of surprise and every bit of magic i could muster up to take out salina , so i palmed a knife and headed for the sculpture garden .
i crept through the underbrush , taking out another giant who 'd been stationed at the perimeter the same way , before i was able to ease up to the edge of the sculpture garden itself .
i turned and spotted him and owen at the edge of the sculpture garden .
i realized we were in a different kind of garden now - a water garden in which salina was the queen and i was just her unfortunate victim .
i realized we were in a different kind of garden now - a water garden in which salina was the queen and i was just her unfortunate victim .
salina stood in the middle of the garden of elemental ice , her gaze frantically searching the ground for any sign of free - flowing water that she could use against me .
a series of stone walkways led out from each one of the three wings into the lush gardens and immaculate lawns that flanked the main building .
a series of lush gardens rolled across the landscape in front of me .
magnolia and mimosa trees had also been planted in the gardens , right next to sunflowers that drooped under the heavy weight of their own seed - laden heads .
luckily , the gardens ran alongside the pavement , so i was able to slide from tree to tree and bush to bush and move parallel to him .
i stopped in the gardens and hunkered down behind a holly bush , about twenty feet from him .
knife in hand , i straightened up and headed toward the edge of the garden .
i stood there in the middle of the road , bathed in the golden glow of one of the garden lights , my weapon clenched in my hand .
after the two of you are on the island , stay in the gardens and move through them .
once i have him , we 'll head to the gardens on the west side of the island .
clementine 's set up some cell - phone jammers inside the museum , so if i miss your text or do n't respond , you and xavier work your way through the gardens to that part of the island .
that way , owen and i would have been able to follow them outside , kill them , and slip into the gardens before anyone was the wiser .
i put my arm under owen 's shoulder , and together we staggered down the stairs and headed for the shadows and sanctuary of the gardens .
* * * i led owen to the far western edge of the gardens , where the lush flowers gave way to the creeping briars .
all the while , the giants swarmed through the gardens , yelling back and forth to one another .
it was hard to make out everything , since the print was so small and the night was so dark , despite the golden glow from the garden lights in the distance , but i managed to skim through it .
* * * we all stood there , listening , but the only sounds outside the museum were the wind rustling through the garden and owen 's raspy breathing .
` ` we 'd just made it across the bridge and slipped into the gardens when we heard them coming our way .
in the parking lots , on the bridge , in the gardens .
chapter 21 bria , xavier , owen , and i left the gardens and went back to the museum .
in my experience , sudden bursts of unknown magic were almost never good , so i immediately stepped off the path and plunged into the shadows of the gardens .
i tiptoed through the gardens , careful not to rustle the honeysuckle vines that seemed to wind over , through , and around everything , along with the briars .
finally , i reached a spot in the garden where i could see the side entrance .
plus , roslyn is bringing some fresh veggies from her garden . ''
and sophia in the middle of it all , dressed up like a pretty , if stained , porcelain doll , as though she should be having tea in some summer garden instead of digging a mass grave .
the panes shimmered so brightly that it took me a moment to realize that they were arranged in specific patterns that looked like flowers , vines , and petals , like a garden made out of glass .
we sat on the second floor , in the garden section of a small greek joint called parthenon .
the garden consisted of an open - air patio , and from our table i could see the busy street beyond an iron rail .
above it , on the roof of the building , a garden bloomed , an exotic riot that made even the verdant jungle barren in comparison .
you could stand on the lookout at belvedere and see the entire layout of the park , from the children 's garden to the fountain of rings .
` ` must be the water gardens . ''
a vast herb garden stretched on both sides of us ; flowers and grasses were separated in rows , bordered by a dense evergreen hedge in the distance .
sean returned with some clear garden plastic .
* * * * * * * * * the gertrude hunt bed - and - breakfast sat at the entrance of the avalon subdivision , on three acres of land , most of it taken up by the orchard and garden .
the trees , the garden , and the house had vanished .
he walked through into the bathroom , which was almost as large as the bedroom , looked at the garden tub , the shower , and stopped by the small windows .
back when the legends started , they did n't mean little garden stakes , they meant a sharpened four - by - four .
a vast garden came into focus , a long path winding its way between the flowers and plants one would never find on earth .
a feeling of deep peace descended on the room as if the tranquility of the garden and the singers wrapped around us , not isolating us from the world , but gently muting its sharpness to a soothing calm .
christians believe that when man was cast from the garden of eden by god , it was the fruit of the sidr tree that first gave him sustenance .
a beautiful garden lay in the crook of the horseshoe , crisscrossed by covered passageways , stonelined paths , and lush flowerbeds , artfully bordering artificial ponds .
a large white sign stood next to the wide path leading into the garden , its smooth surface marked with an odd script .
the gardens burrowed into nooks in the buildings here and there , forming small sitting areas .
an angel , but not a garden cupid or some mournful cemetery statue .
instead karina waved cedric ahead of her and they kept going deeper into the garden .
they cleared the garden and burst into the open space between the two spires , lucas ahead and she , out of breath , a few dozen yards behind .
the woman turned and ran , back toward the garden .
he deserved better than the blind fear the two women in the garden showed him .
the hidden garden smelled of rosemary , sage , and other herbs i could n't identify .
far below , a flower garden spread out like scattered jewels .
and the scene itself re - creates the flight of lilith from the garden of eden after she was spurned by adam . ''
tired of his heavy - handed ways , she invoked the forbidden name of god and flew from the garden .
no one really knows where we came from , but we know we ' ve existed before lilith fled the garden of eden and shacked up with asmodeus . ''
` ` if you 'll follow me , '' calyx said , ` ` i 'll show you to the autumn garden .
` ` let 's go see this garden , i guess . ''
the autumn garden took my breath away , which is saying something , because i rarely notice nature .
i rolled my eyes and waved away a garden sprite who buzzed too close to my ear .
i started to tease him , but movement across the garden caught my attention .
two large doors opened and orpheus , rhea , and adam appeared on the path leading into the garden .
as the st . charles streetcar rocked its way toward the garden district , adam and i lapsed into silence .
we exited the car and jogged across st . charles to enter the stately neighborhoods of the garden district .
his white body nosedived to the ground and disappeared into a group of shrubs along the garden wall of one of the mansions .
my vamp contact told me some bigwig just bought a mansion in the garden district . ''
as we drove out of the french quarter toward the garden district , giguhl perched his little naked paws on the dashboard and looked out the windshield .
the trip down to the garden district was much faster this time , despite the gremlin 's questionable transmission .
` ` actually , we 're on our way to take a stroll through the garden district . ''
a second later , my hand closed around the handle of a garden spade .
the stained - glass dome depicted scenes from the garden of eden .
the first time we 'd met erron we 'd stumbled on an orgy his band was hosting in a mansion in the garden district that involved midget strippers , golden showers , and males in gimp suits with exposed undercarriages .
the image showed a female that maisie claimed was me flying through the night above a garden .
i hunched over and wove my way through the garden of rock formations .
chapter 1 the st . charles streetcar lumbered its way toward the garden district like a mourner in a funeral procession .
` ` two large bedrooms - a master with a king - sized bed and a smaller one with two queens - a full kitchen , a wet bar , and a rooftop terrace with a garden . ''
` ` i ' m gon na go check out the garden . ''
anyway , there 's a kick - ass hot tub and an herb garden . ''
` ` adam , we should check out the garden after dinner to see if there 's anything useful in there , '' i said .
just beyond the driveway , a garden lay dormant in february 's chill , but i imagined in the spring it would be like a little eden in the city .
the central garden area had several intersecting paths that stretched to a colonnade around the perimeter .
across the path from this squat building was a small rose garden .
we 'd already passed the outbuildings i 'd seen when we arrived and continued past a small garden .
i stood next to a statue of the three dominae in the estate 's garden .
` ` i 'd escaped into the gardens because i knew if i was around her one minute longer , i 'd kill her . ''
but the center was a lush botanical garden .
it hovered above the garden throne room for a moment , as if my father 's spirit was taking one final look at everyone he was leaving behind .
farther afield , we saw lilith 's garden surrounding the throne room .
i realized then that it was the same garden maisie had seen in her vision .
in it , i was flying over a garden toward a bright light in the sky .
but early on , not long after the mortal god made eve for adam after lilith fled the garden , asmodeus split ways with the big guy and formed irkalla .
the courtyard of the house adam and i owned in the garden district had been transformed into a sort of faery autumn garden .
the courtyard of the house adam and i owned in the garden district had been transformed into a sort of faery autumn garden .
he even owned a home in the garden district not far from ours .
` ` near the garden district .
i tiptoed through the garden of junkies , picking my way gingerly lest i step on a hand or a foot or a needle still attached to a vein .
it went back to the origins of our race in the garden of eden and eve 's apple , which robbed humans of their mortality .
since lilith , the mother of our race , had already fled the garden by then , she 'd remained immortal .
ten minutes later , i was about halfway through eating the food when thomas , robert , and naeemah came through the door in the back of the garden .
she built the walls of its cities , she led its armies , and she breathed life into its first hanging gardens .
an indoor garden , lush with green plants , spread on both sides of me in curved , raised beds , bordered by a gently winding pond , where fat lazy koi floated under the lily pads .
in the center of the garden , a round mechanism of golden and silver gears rotated , balanced on a thin spike .
i passed him and kept walking , out of the room , out of the garden , into the winter , christopher and robert following me and curran guarding our backs .
` ` she wanted to talk about the water gardens .
in the palace where we grew up , there had been water gardens , acres and acres of shallow water , crossed by narrow pathways .
he was a jewish noble who , together with three others , had been taken to babylon around 600 bc to serve as an advisor at the court of the babylonian king nebuchadnezzar ii , whose chief claim to historical fame was the construction of the hanging gardens for his main squeeze .
the path opened into a garden .
the house jerked , my stomach jumped , and the garden dropped down below .
and then voron came and made you run laps around the garden .
mesopotamia is considered to be the cradle of civilization and babylon is mostly famous for the code of hammurabi , which was the first written code of laws , and the hanging gardens , which was the first time a man had to restructure the city to get laid .
` ` helen of troy 's garden is right over there . ''
the plethora of scents inside helen of troy 's garden had me breathing almost as often as i had before i became a full vampire .
her gardens could have been used as a blueprint for eden .
more lights were strewn around the exterior , and the gardens were filled with poinsettias in addition to their usual seasonal blossoms .
i ' ve never had the pleasure of using one before , but they look fairly interesting and easy to operate , and my garden could use a good fertilizing this time of year . ''
she picked up her cleaning , filled the car with gas , returned her books to the library , and then stopped to chat with old mrs . heath , who was outside watering her garden .
gardening was her hobby and her passion and her gardens were the talk not only of pear blossom creek but also of all the surrounding counties .
for a moment , she imagined her husband teaching their son how to mow the grass while she and their daughter worked in the garden .
she played bingo at the church on monday night , went to the monthly midnight sidewalk sales and the late movie , and sat out in her garden in the evening .
if she lived here , she would plant flowers along the walkway and rose bushes in the weed - infested gardens .
going out into the backyard , she pulled weeds from the garden until her back ached , noting that , once the weeds were gone , there was nothing left .
the flowers she had hoped to plant in the garden were forgotten as she spent practically every minute memorizing possible questions and answers and reading ronan 's books .
feeling somewhat like eve exploring the garden of eden , regan started walking , praying that she would n't come across any snakes or mountain lions along the way .
a thought took him to the garden district , which remained one of the city 's most popular and picturesque areas .
the gardens featured over two thousand acres of trails and garden exhibits in what was one of the oldest and largest natural settings in north texas .
the gardens featured over two thousand acres of trails and garden exhibits in what was one of the oldest and largest natural settings in north texas .
at loose ends , megan went to the local day spa and indulged herself - she had a facial and a full body massage , swam in the heated pool , spent some time in the meditation garden before leaving for home .
an earlier exploration of the castle had revealed a small door in the kitchen that led to a large garden surrounded by a high stone wall .
a glance around showed the garden to be badly overgrown .
her only experience with gardening was growing tomatoes and carrots in a small garden in her uncle 's backyard , but she found work gloves and a pair of shears in a wooden shed and went to work with a vengeance .
` ` is that why you were out in the garden this afternoon ? ''
even if she could get into the garden , what good would it do her ?
the beat of her heart was music to his ears , the scent of her skin more fragrant than the primroses that grew in the garden , the heat of her body a welcome warmth against his own cool flesh .
working in the garden might help to calm her nerves , help her to think of what to do next .
after settling elena on the sofa and covering her with a blanket , drake returned to the garden .
and certainly no interest in working in the garden .
did she really want to go back to the castle when jenica was buried in the garden ?
were there also people working in the old garden behind the kitchen ?
they found emil bramwell , too , buried in a far corner of the garden , as well as another , unidentified body .
she rarely went into the garden , although she did plant a chestnut tree in the place where she had discovered her cousin 's body .
too upset to eat , she drank three cups of coffee , then wandered out into the garden .
still , she spent her days inside the castle or in the garden .
laughing , he followed kaitlyn into the kitchen and through a small door that led into a large garden surrounded by a high stone wall .
he imagined the garden had once been beautiful , but no one had cared for it while drake and elena had been at the fortress .
it would n't come to that , but he suspected a lot more people all across thaisia would be trying to grow a little kitchen garden this summer .
the home section had started a series of articles about tub gardens and raised beds for vegetables .
other tenants in his building told him about using the water in the rain barrels for washing cars and watering the little kitchen garden .
a sculptor who works in wood makes something called garden totems from the trunks of downed trees .
` ` a pee and a poop , '' he said , walking over to a potted tree that was part of a central garden area .
that spring , he and his father and brothers had turned a piece of their backyard into a vegetable garden , and his mother learned how to can fruit for the hard times , and never went to the butcher shop or the grocery store without her ration book .
the memory of lucas having robbed his grandmother 's rose garden and filling kylie 's room with roses sent her bad mood on time - out .
` ` no , but let me just say that my grandmother is going to be really pissed when she sees her garden in the morning . ''
if mrs . parker did n't have reason enough to dislike her , kylie figured the she - wolf 's decimated rose garden would seal the deal .
chapter 11 rachel lay there in silence staring up at the ceiling , which was beautifully painted with a landscape of a roman garden with sculptures and fountains .
there was a small garden off to the left with overgrown flowers and weeds .
a whirling vortex surrounded her , but within the vortex she was as peaceful as a buddhist garden .
devon leapt over the railing of the porch and bolted across the yard to a massive garden statue .
he slipped through the gardens , so lost in his own thoughts that he did n't notice the couple stealing time amongst the shadows until he was on top of them .
colors that he 'd shown her in the garden , worlds and experiences he 'd opened to her when he 'd taught her to read , love he 'd given to her freely over and over again with his understanding , patience , and countless sacrifices he 'd made for her .
chapter 18 braith found her with her brother ; their heads were bent close together , their shoulders touching as they sat on the bench before the fountain in the garden .
` ` but i do enjoy this garden , and that fountain , and i 'd like to keep it all in one piece . ''
she would n't look at him ; her gaze was focused on something else within the garden .
he wanted to scream at her , to shout and bellow and tear the garden apart .
he named each flower that she stopped at as they moved slowly through the garden .
the grass stain was indeed from the fenworths ' fte - when she had had to slay a vampire in the garden .
worlds different from his gentle , serene giulia , who nevertheless had had a fiery side when it came to her gardens .
a garden wedding had been out of the question in january , and despite the fact that it was out of season , melly and her fianc had been so besotted , they did n't care about the timing of the nuptials .
the theater near covent garden , into which she 'd sent him to fetch her supposedly lost shawl - so she could secretly stake a vampire .
` ` in fact , we were just about to discuss our plans for this evening , which include a garden party at the twisdale residence . ''
and , as luck would have it , as she started out of the room , she glanced toward one of the hip - level square windows that faced the hungreaths ' enthusiastic gardens of pergolas flanked by clusters of lilies and hyacinth bushes , decorated with climbing roses .
although she had to enter from the other side of the garden , she found the cupid fountain and started off in the direction in which the fluttering skirt had disappeared .
one arm of the path took her through the herb garden , where she passed clumps of silver - leafed sage , yellow hyssop , and miniature myrtle .
the sun lowered , its orange ball blazing through the treetops in the distance , still clearly lighting the garden .
victoria increased her pace , and found herself retracing her steps through the four large circular pathways of the garden , all of which intersected at the cupid fountain .
it was situated in the far left corner of the garden , next to the stone enclosure that bordered the grounds .
when they said you 'd been gone for some time , and no one knew where you were , we thought it would be best to check the gardens . ''
` ` i ' m not quite certain , but i do believe she 's having an assignation in vauxhall gardens . ''
she asked , remembering that , according to max , he 'd been in vauxhall gardens on a false trail .
as if she would have an assignation with another man in the gardens when she and sebastian were ... well , what ?
there had to be more than a dozen undead , watching , fighting , and attacking in the small clearing as the gardens became thick and dark .
down the dark path she barreled , unfamiliar with the garden .
ignoring the people around her , who seemed to be coming out of their daze and once more were talking in full sentences , she ran into the dark garden again .
as oliver told it , when goodwin learned that she had been found crouched next to a ravaged man alone in a sequestered part of the garden with blood everywhere , including dripping from her mouth and an odd expression on a scratched face ...
other vehicles filled the thoroughfare , and ladies and gentlemen walked along arm in arm , likely returning from vauxhall or covent gardens .
tall , skeletal trees mingled with thick bushes , and the tangled brown - leaved vines and brush of a long - forgotten garden left little room to pass .
the sensation at the back of her neck was growing stronger ; victoria knew they were close when they came upon a lower stone wall that appeared to bisect the estate , separating the back , with its more natural gardens , from the front , where the villa , stable , and more formal gardens would lie .
she should have found a pair of boots to wear before leaving the consilium , but it was too late now.they had reached the stone wall on which the door of alchemy stood , after traipsing quickly through the tangled gardens with max in the lead .
the leather cord , with the splinter , was still lying somewhere in the gardens at villa palombara .
the roses and lilies that grew in the garden below scented the balcony .
two other couples stood at the waist - high railing , looking down over the weaving pathways and clusters of hedge that made up the madagascars ' walking garden .
the cold at the back of her neck was unbearable ; it was all she could do to keep from pulling her arms from phillip 's grip and rubbing her nape while dashing off into the gardens below .
just then he heard a faint scream from down below , in the gardens .
` ` miss emily colton was attacked last night , in the gardens at the madagascars ' house .
` ` lord truscott likely got too familiar with miss colton and she sent him on his way ... and did not want to confess that she 'd been walking in the garden alone with him .
` ` perhaps he was overcome by lust and could not resist any longer , and tried to seduce miss colton in the gardens ... '' ` ` what nonsense !
and , as victoria slipped behind a tall iron gate , she was grateful that verbena had also learned that the garden was very rarely used ... and thus would be the perfect place to wait .
suddenly her attention was caught by a movement at the corner of her eye ... from the back of the garden .
victoria eased from her hiding place , gratified that , although the sun had n't set completely , the shadows were long enough in this garden that they afforded her a protective cover as she hurried along in max 's path .
it was just the two of them , facing each other , breathing heavily , grasping lengths of pointed wood in the garden of redfield manor .
he would n't be able to squeeze all the way through the bushes ; they were too dense , and on one side was the wall of a garden .
that way she could see the program , but then be required to return home immediately instead of arriving late at a posttheater ball or taking a stroll through covent gardens .
` ` we ' ve learned that a group of vampires has planned a raid of sorts on vauxhall gardens early in the morning .
lamps of orange , blue , yellow , and red hung throughout the gardens , casting brightly colored circles on the stone path and the booths that offered ham slices , biscuits , and punch .
inside the old garden shed , a metal fence pole was driven into the center floorboards , with two chains attached to it .
` ` the corpus christi packmaster has offered us space for a garden , and she has also offered summer jobs for anyone sixteen and older , '' adele said friday morning as ashe sat at the kitchen island , eating a bowl of cereal .
i miss our vegetable garden . ''
they 'd had to leave their garden in cloud chief .
` ` we 're replacing the lines for the sprinklers , that 's why , '' a werewolf lawn and garden expert had been hired to work on the sprinkler lines in winkler 's flowerbeds surrounding the beach house .
i think we have some sort of bug eating the tomato plants in the community garden . ''
ashe , as mist , had zipped past the tent , finding marcie pruitt there , talking with jason and trace about the worms they were having trouble with in the vegetable garden .
ashe knew his mother itched to get back to work - she 'd already cleaned out closets that did n't really need cleaning and spent much of her day weeding and fertilizing the community vegetable garden .
` ` dad is supposed to do the plowing for the community vegetable garden tonight , '' cori sighed .
` ` but your dad and cori 's dad are supposed to plow the garden tomorrow night , '' sali offered what little information he had .
` ` the garden is n't going to get planted this year , is it ? ''
and we will plant the garden .
you 'll help the others plant the garden . ''
` ` i ' m home , mom ; the garden 's planted , '' ashe told his mother while waiting for the water to warm up .
ashe learned that mr . winkler had an engineering degree from the university of texas and was quite adept at starting garden equipment and talking about cost effectiveness and fuel efficiency .
` ` i ca n't wait until the tomatoes come out of the garden , '' ashe said .
e. the second , longer piece was then unfolded and read thus : amputation by randall smith every year we plant a community vegetable garden .
there , toff found the most wondrous garden - it was lit with solar lamps and multitudes of plants and foliage grew inside , all of it lush and full .
small waterfalls and fountains placed here and there provided soothing sounds while visitors enjoyed the garden .
the enormous , indoor garden was beautiful , with sunlamps hanging everywhere inside the glass enclosure .
and this , '' he gestured a second time , ` ` is enough seed and cuttings to grow a garden . ''
a garden bloomed around us and the scent of roses came to me .
norian stood beside me as i gazed over the gardens outside ildevar wyyld 's palace .
norian put his arm around me as we both surveyed the gardens below .
now that it is a rich and fertile garden , they desire it .
now i knew how they 'd taken useless land and turned it into a garden .
fall gardens were being tended , seedling trees planted , bread baked - i could smell it from where i stood .
he 'd already planted a very nice garden in his yard .
` ` the arboretum , '' noff breathed as niff ran through a wide doorway , which opened into the palace garden .
the scent of the grass was sweet and the flower gardens surrounding the villa were all in bloom .
i made one more trip to the temple , found the refizani equivalent of a garden hose , dragged it in and washed down the marble floor .
honestly , kellee might have more in common with a garden slug than she did with winkler .
kellee had a flower garden of attendants with her ; all dressed in the gaudiest multi - colored silk dresses .
walking into the bathroom , i sat down on the tiled edge of the garden tub and sighed .
for a moment , we both just stand there , me on the path that leads deeper into the garden behind the hospital , doc on the steps .
i love this garden .
when eldest sent me to the ward for that year , i spent a lot of free time here in the garden .
steela , an old woman who lived in the ward long before i moved there , had made the garden blossom from a grass lawn with hedges around it into a veritable jungle of flowers and vegetables and vines and trees .
doc nods to the statue in the center of the garden .
the plague eldest , his concrete face upturned and his arms spread wide , stands benevolent guard over the garden .
i head straight to the garden just behind the hospital .
the garden is full of blooms right now , but i know what i want - the large yellow and orange flowers growing near the pond , the ones with streaks of color almost as brilly as amy 's hair .
the flowers i 'd so carefully chosen from the garden - the big , bright blooms i 'd selected specifically because they reminded me of amy 's hair - crinkle against the force of my fist meeting the wall .
the hospital opens up to a flower garden .
past the hospital , through the garden , past a pond .
` ` want to see the garden ? ''
31 amy elder takes me to a sprawling garden behind the hospital , the one i ran through this morning during my jog .
the garden is more crowded than i ' ve ever seen it before .
me as a toddler , in my grandparents ' garden , among the pumpkin vines .
` ` let 's go to that garden elder showed me , '' i say .
` ` oh , he showed you the garden ? ''
now , even here , on the edge of a garden , outside , tight bands squeeze the air from my lungs , and my vision lingers on the walls that seem to constantly be pressing down on me .
no one 's over there ; they 're all in the garden or on the road . ''
i was right : the further i get from the garden , the fewer people are around .
and that man and woman , who were right beside me , who did n't even notice , or care ... . elder kissed me in the garden , just as the season began .
a landscape painting of the hospital and garden are replaced with a photograph of monument valley .
i think of the statue of the plague eldest in the hospital garden .
the air is humid in the hospital garden .
she gazes at the garden behind the hospital as i lead her to the steps .
` ` i made that garden .
so i ran to the elevator and went to the garden and tried to pretend i had not brought a girl back to life with the flip of a switch .
they are in the gardens , they are in the hospital - to read victria 's books or listen to bartie 's guitar playing or look at harley 's surviving paintings .
we would spend our days in the hospital or the garden .
come out to the wall near the garden . ''
doc 's apprentice , kit , meets me in the garden .
harley had dared me to climb the statue of the plague eldest that stood in the hospital gardens .
instead , i go to the garden behind the hospital .
i know the feel of it under my feet - the thicker mulch near the hospital doorstep , the flowers that brush my legs as the path winds through the garden , the cool scent of water as i turn around the pond , the slight incline as i approach the recorder hall .
once things settle down , i do an all - call , requesting that everyone meet in the garden behind the hospital .
bartie calls as i make my way from the recorder hall to the garden .
i can spot individual faces , despite the fact that the garden is so crowded .
his voice is still flat , and i know that while he 's physically in the recorder hall with me , he 's really still in the garden , giving up , still on the bridge , watching his people die .
the pond in the garden behind the hospital .
he pushes his wi - com and does an all - call , telling all 2,296 passengers to come to the garden immediately .
someone 's walking down the path behind the hospital , through the garden .
we continue talking as bartie and i walk outside , to the garden .
the next man wanted me to seek out - then punish - a miscreant who had stolen some galfalgos from his garden .
' what 's he doing in the gardens ? '
` ` professeur hansen finally tracked her down behind some shrubbery in the formal gardens , and she had teeth marks all over her neck . ''
a mount rushmore garden statue .
it 's strange that this is my first time here , because the garden rests against the latin quarter .
today max is taking me to one of my favorite places , the japanese tea garden , and then he 's driving me to work for my evening shift .
` ` chinese pajamas to the japanese tea garden , '' he continues , gesturing at my red silk bottoms .
the japanese tea garden is n't big , but it makes up for its size with beauty .
and then max , so that i can apologize for being such a space case at the tea garden .
i stop by new seoul garden , and lindsey packs a bag of takeout , which causes the entire car - on both of the trains it takes to get to berkeley- to smell .
elijah would bring his star wars figures to the moma sculpture garden and have princess leia and han solo make a home in the smooth pocket of a henry moore .
in my head i ' ve been saying good - bye to everything , all these places i ' ve seen so often i start to ignore them : the deli on the hill with perfect chicken cutlets and the trinket store where i used to buy thread to make friendship bracelets and the realtor 's and the dentist 's and the little garden where steve king put his tongue in my mouth in seventh grade , and i was so surprised i bit down .
others vary day to day - col ege students , church groups , garden clubs or employees from area companies that support community service projects by giving them time off to volunteer .
at 2:45 , i volunteer to go with gene , who has to make a run to the garden center where we get trees and shrubs .
deb 's new room is located on the second floor , and has a window shaded by tal oaks , overlooking the landscaped commons area- home to a native flower garden , slate pathways , and smooth , worn wooden benches .
` ` next time i come , i'l bring a heavier sweater and we'l check out the garden . ''
there 's also my gratitude for the fact that thanks to reid , i ' m at my kitchen table , making a gravestone out of a clay tile and ceramic buttons to place on esther 's spot in the back - yard garden .
deb used to tell me hilarious stories of esther as a puppy - how she regularly dug up part of dad 's flower garden to bury her treats and toys .
' the roses looked beautiful in her room , and when we got back in from a circuit in the garden , the whole room smelled rosy . '
i could sense things happening elsewhere : a voyant walking down the street , a gathering of spirits in the garden .
there was a collection of penny dreadfuls , the kind you could pick up from the garden on weekends , and a stack of saddle - stapled pamphlets .
when she was done , i 'd run down to the garden and flog it to unwary art collectors .
it was built around a pillar on a junction close to covent garden 's black market .
american items sold like hotcakes in the garden .
i could make out a marker for the shopping center in covent garden , the pot under which the black market bubbled .
but the iridescent garden in the butterfly - i wanted that again .
` ` roof garden .
your humble servant , cheung tong chapter 12 ` ` i sure hope that boy been seein ' to waterin ' my garden , '' says jemimah .
one of the first things jemimah did upon setting up residence in boston was to plant a vegetable garden behind the pig .
i told him he was needed at the pig to tend the garden and to hand out the wooden nickels .
so this morning after breakfast , i decide to go out and inspect our garden .
i go around the side of the pig and am rewarded with the glorious sight of my flower garden .
it being summer , the zinnias are doing well , the hollyhocks about shoulder high - i ' m trying for the look of an english country garden , do n't ya know - and the roses are putting forth brilliant red buds .
she looks at me curiously , but then nods and picks up her guitar and plays the melody , then raises her chin and sings the song straight out ... a fair young maid was in her garden , a strange young man comes riding by saying ` ` fair maid , will you marry me ? ''
jesus in a garden .
they used to leave a key under the third brick in the garden , so i fumble around on my hands and knees , counting bricks and sifting dirt until i find that key .
on the large wall across from the entrance , hung two large paintings of a garden and a woman dressed around the period the house was constructed , and another portrait of the mansion was centered on the wall opposite the windows .
he stopped along the sidewalk , next to a house with an ill - fated garden .
there was a walled garden , maybe even a secret garden , like something out of a book my mother would have read growing up in savannah .
there was a walled garden , maybe even a secret garden , like something out of a book my mother would have read growing up in savannah .
i could hear her voice , except she was here , crying in an overgrown garden in the middle of nowhere , instead of falling through my arms .
the word sounded loud , in the quiet of the garden .
i was in the garden , but not in the garden .
i was in the garden , but not in the garden .
we had n't left the garden , but it had felt like we had been right there in the middle of the fires .
she turned her back on me and began to weave her way through the lemon trees , to the outer edge of the garden .
` ` we found this locket in the garden behind the great house .
then we 'd both crack up , imagining my mom , who walked miles of muddy battlefields looking for old shell casings , who cut her own hair with garden scissors , as a member of the dar , organizing bake sales and telling everyone how to decorate their houses .
it felt like lena , like the walled garden , like greenbrier .
in fact , if you look closely at the footnotes for plantations and plantings : a garden divided , you will see that several of the primary sources for their study came from my personal collection .
the basketball team had no practice on wednesdays , so lena and i were sitting in the garden at greenbrier , which i 'd sort of come to think of as our special place , though that 's not something i would ever admit , not even to her .
we walked toward the crumbling stone wall of the garden , where i 'd found lena crying the day after the window shattered .
i ducked under the archway of vines , into the garden .
reece and aunt del were already back in the garden .
they looked pretty ugly to me , but you could n't get much better from gardens of eden , the only place in gatlin .
it was fresh , as if it had been plucked from a garden yesterday .
it was a cold , clear day , and we curled together in the freezing garden at greenbrier , huddled under the old sleeping bag from the beater , trying to figure out for the thousandth time if anything in the book could help .
we were in the garden at greenbrier again .
but i did n't ask her to help me as i paged through it , wearing amma 's old garden gloves that were way too small .
there was the archway to the garden at greenbrier .
larkin and lena were standing in the clearing , just beyond the garden , in the same place where we had dug up genevieve 's grave a few weeks ago .
the long row of willows that framed the archway leading into the graveyard and the gardens was burning .
the whole garden as well as the clearing was burning , surrounding the crypt .
which basical y guaranteed a lifetime spent out of sight , since the folks in gatlin thought macon ravenwood was in a pine box six feet under at his garden of perpetual peace .
images flashed through my mind , and i had to be hallucinating , because now we were kissing in the water , in lake moultrie - on my desk in english - at the lunch tables - behind the bleachers - in the garden at greenbrier .
a suffocating dizziness wrapped itself around me , and lena and i were n't in the garden anymore .
ravenwood 's gardens , so overgrown while macon was gone , were the one place in the whole county that was a refuge from the heat and the bugs .
she held one hand up to the sky , and i thought back to the first time i followed her into the garden at greenbrier .
my mom was n't alone in the dirt in his garden of perpetual peace , the way i 'd always been afraid she was .
i ' m guessing you do n't have your garden shears with you . ''
the last time we were here , link had pried the door open with a gigantic pair of garden shears he 'd stolen from the jackson bio lab .
` ` this place makes his garden of perpetual peace look like a landfill . ''
here , give me your john hancock and you can head on down to the garden . ''
you could n't see sissy honeycutt stuffing vases full of carnations and baby 's breath at the counter of gardens of eden , or millie and her daughter serving up biscuits and red - eye gravy a few doors down .
like the day i found her crying in the garden at greenbrier .
the crumbling garden at greenbrier was still black and charred , but you could see where the grass had started to grow .
i led lena through the garden to the hearthstone where we first discovered genevieve 's locket .
when we walked through the gates of his garden of perpetual peace , it was anything but peaceful .
today 's catastrophic events at his garden of perpetual peace were n't going to raise too many eyebrows at county care , a place most people did n't know about until tragedy struck .
aunt prue was being buried in the summerville cemetery until his garden of perpetual peace reopened for business .
i found myself on my front porch in the middle of his garden of perpetual peace , gatlin 's cemetery .
then i skee - daddled back ta the garden here , lickety - split . ''
are we really in his garden of perpetual peace ? ''
i 'd always thought the layout of his garden of perpetual peace was kind of like our town , what with the good plots all lined up one way and the questionable graves pushed out near the edges .
then i realized it was n't a map of his garden of perpetual peace - or if it was , the graveyard world was bigger than i thought .
moving the letters into place was like digging up a rock from the sisters ' garden , but my mom helped me .
` ` not all folks are lucky enough ta be buried in his garden of perpetual peace , ethan wate .
i left aunt prue at her house and walked the streets - more like the rows - of his garden of perpetual peace .
what would connect one of these plots in his garden of perpetual peace to the greats ?
but there was another part , about how link was attacked by some kind of creature he ended up stabbing with his garden shears - it was grayish black and bald , with the features of a man , and deformed black bands of skin that link was convinced were wings .
his garden of perpetual peace still had abraham 's fingerprints all over it .
the sky was dark now , and i could barely make out where a crow circled high in the air above us , shrieking , as we made our way toward the oldest part of his garden of perpetual peace .
while most of his garden of perpetual peace was in the process of being restored to its pre - vex attack state , the same was n't true of the older part of the graveyard .
link trudged up the hill with his garden shears in hand .
link yanked the garden shears out of the waistband of his jeans , raising them above his head .
link yanked the garden shears out of his waistband just as bade 's paws hit the ground .
ridley looked like now she was the one thinking about garden shears .
uncle macon was the last one to enter the lost garden .
the garden was burning again because of me .
when i reached the base of the walled stairwell , i found myself in an immense garden .
not just a garden like the ones folks in gatlin grew their tomatoes in , out behind their swamp coolers .
a garden in the sense of the garden of eden - and not gardens of eden , the florist over on main street .
a garden in the sense of the garden of eden - and not gardens of eden , the florist over on main street .
a garden in the sense of the garden of eden - and not gardens of eden , the florist over on main street .
rows of hedges tangled with so many flowering bushes that they made the gardens of ravenwood look small and shabby in comparison .
waiting for the elevator in the glass atrium that led to the rooftop garden , lance readjusted his grip on the handles of ro - ro 's wheelchair .
darren had swiped a garden gnome from his neighbor 's house and the poor concrete bastard had met its maker down by the river .
the rest of the room was filled with an almost spa - like ambiance : candles , soothing pictures of waterfalls and rock gardens , light jazz playing softly .
` ` crap , '' i muttered as my eyes roamed over the little garden balcony .
mom was probably already outside in the tiny garden in the front .
i grabbed the garden spade out of the mess of tools piled atop the small folding chair , bemoaning another morning eating shredded wheat if there were n't doughnuts .
the garden spade - i still held the freaking garden spade .
the garden spade - i still held the freaking garden spade .
had my mom bought the ridiculously expensive garden tools because she loved to garden , or had there been an ulterior motive behind the purchase ?
i picked up the garden spade , wiping the back of my arm over my face .
my eyes kept flicking to the garden spade as if i needed to assure myself that it was still within reach .
i set my stuff down on the small table and pulled out the garden spade .
i turned around slowly and stared at the bed - at the garden spade .
` ` run , '' i urged quietly , reaching behind me and wrapping my fingers around the handle of the garden spade .
my fingers jerked around the slim handle of the garden spade .
surprise turned to horror as the daimon looked down at the garden spade buried deep in his stomach .
my stomach rol ed violently as my fingers trembled around the garden spade .
the day before , she 'd asked that i clean up the balcony garden i 'd demanded on having , but i 'd slept in .
by the time i 'd gotten up and grabbed the little bag of garden tools , it 'd been noon .
figuring mom was already working on the garden , i 'd gone out on the balcony , but the garden was empty .
figuring mom was already working on the garden , i 'd gone out on the balcony , but the garden was empty .
i 'd stood there for a while , staring down at the al ey across the street , toying with the garden spade .
you see , your mother and piperi were n't alone in the garden .
i snatched about a half of dozen and left the garden .
but the place was kind of like the garden of eden .
` ` everyone jumps me about how every single thing i do is a reflection upon you , but you 're doing people in the garden !
i ran into her in the garden .
it was so weird seeing them here in south dakota , but like the gardens , the cemeteries had a godly green thumb .
ripe blossoms and rich soils , trees i could n't begin to even name , and enough flowers to start a botanical garden .
chapter 27 i was n't big on the covenant garden when i was alive , but i kept finding myself in this one now .
we made it to the edge of the garden before i could n't hold back my questions .
we pulled weeds in the garden together .
` ` it has a bedroom and a bath , like yours , but there 's a garden in the back .
a garden of dead plants littered my room , serving as a painful reminder that i had yet to figure out how to control my touch .
prolly goes out into the garden , or something .
i spies ezra 's office and haul amy through the door and into ezra 's office sayin ' , ` ` save us , ezra , '' and out the back door and through the backyard and through some gardens and then on to water and then up high , but the constable keeps after us , movin ' real well for such a big bloke , i got ta say .
we 'd lived so long with it all hanging in the balance , it felt weird to be only worrying about the heat wilting the flowers our families had ordered from gardens of eden , cooking the blooms until they looked like a bunch of dead broccoli clumps .
we ended up outside , in the garden along the back of the mansion .
the plants hanging in pots on the porch were mostly dead and what might have been a little garden on the east side next to the shed , was nothing more than a square patch of dirt overrun by weeds .
maybe a spinach garden , or those cute little shoestring carrots . ''
after i fed grunt , i headed toward the glass screen door that opened to the rooftop garden outside grandpa 's apartment so i could water the plants .
i stormed away from the garden rooftop , snarled at poor ol ' grunt , who was licking his paws after breakfast , and continued my storming , to downstairs , to my apartment , to my room , in my city , manhat an .
the party had moved to a garden table outside , at the back of the pub .
i jumped o my chair and pulled edgar over to a secluded corner in the outdoor garden .
` ` may i build a snowman in the back garden ? ''
it was like playing tug - of - war with a garden party of nfll linebackers .
what people saw was a tall young man , beautiful - truly , breath - stealingly beautiful , in a way one rarely beholds in real life - who moved among them with predatory grace , seeming no more mindful of them than if they were statuary in a garden of gods .
it happened overnight , and it drew from the emperor such howling wrath , such bloodcurdling unholy fury as to turn storms back to sea and blast the buds of the sycorax trees so they shed their mothwing blossoms unopened in the gardens of astrae .
godstars , there was even a lean - to dwelling in the picture , a garden behind it , and a great overarching sky with no spires as far as the eye could see , no tower of conquest , no astrae , no empire .
it was fireflies in a garden .
kensington gardens offered cheap housing to low - income families - like mine - but i wondered why dale and his father had ended up in such a rundown place .
i watched as the blonde spread her legs for the camera , spreading her labia with nails so long they were more like garden tools .
dale parked the car in the olive garden parking lot , pocketing the keys .
` ` if i was super famous we would n't be able to sit in an olive garden without interruption . ''
chapter four ` ` the devil stole into the garden of eden .
they lived peacefully for years in a beautiful garden full of tall , straight plants that grew in neat rows , and well- behaved animals to serve as pets .
the best part of 37 brooks is the garden in the back .
the whole garden feels as cool and quiet as the library at school .
and in - between , snapshots , moments , mere seconds ; alex smearing chocolate ice cream on my nose after i ' ve complained i ' m too hot ; the heavy drone of bees circling above us in the garden , a neat line of ants marching quietly over the remains of our picnic ; alex 's fingers in my hair ; the curve of his elbow under my head ; alex whispering , ` ` i wish you could stay with me , '' while another day bleeds out on the horizon , red and pink and gold ; staring up at the sky , inventing shapes for the clouds : a turtle wearing a hat , a mole carrying a zucchini , a goldfish chasing a rabbit that is running for its life .
the garden is suffering from the heat .
it 's surprisingly nice out here , peaceful and pretty - strange to be standing in the middle of a little garden while enclosed by the massive stone walls of the prison , like being at the exact center of a hurricane , and finding peace and silence in the middle of so much shrieking damage .
we 're still off - peninsula , not far from 37 brooks , where the houses are separated by large tracts of torn - up grass and run - down gardens , full of litter .
and even as i ' m watching , the bird in the nest closest to us is selecting the green - tinged twigs , wrestling them away from the nests with her beak : pruning , snipping , cleaning , like a woman fussing over weeds in a garden .
someday all the wilds will be razed , and we will be left with a concrete landscape , a land of pretty houses and trim gardens and planned parks and forests , and a world that works as smoothly as a clock , neatly wound : a world of metal and gears , and people going tick - tick - tick to their deaths .
` ` you 'd think god 's garden grew under her feet . ''
the garden probably backs up onto another street ; if not , i 'll have to loop around to essex .
from there you can cut through the garden and onto dennett .
i ' m trying to remember the layout of the highlands , but my mind is full of static : an image of 37 brooks , of the blanket in the garden and the trees lit gold by the dipping sun , keeps playing there .
` ` why do n't you take hana out to the gardens ? ''
i press up against the railing , staring out into the vast , dark - draped landscape of gardens .
it makes sense that she likes to weed , to uproot the nasty , creeping growth that blemishes her perfect garden .
i ' m distracted by movement in the garden .
sunlight spilled over the stone wall surrounding the garden , and the way he felt in that second - the peace that filled his body - he knew he 'd never have it again .
it was the cavernous inside of the rock garden climbing gym .
you remember that time at the rock garden ? ''
so i spent weeks gathering presents : a polished piece of rose quartz , white rose tea , a ceramic tile i 'd bought at the white house in fourth grade featuring the rose garden .
there were three patios , a sunroom , and a pool out back , and the whole thing was surrounded by thick , shapely pines and an elegant garden .
sylvie 's meticulously tended garden had been abloom , the tiki lamps by the pool cast soft shadows across the slate patio , and there was a full moon over the roof , so perfectly centered that it was as though sylvie and james had commissioned it to hang there for them alone .
she ran out of the house and found charles in the garden , sitting on a rock , sticking a twig into the dirt .
when she walked to her car to drive here , she thought the flowerbeds in the garden looked unusually tamped - down , as if someone had been standing in them , peering through the kitchen window .
the ceremony , which presented achievement awards in academics and sports , was taking place in his parents ' garden .
from the back of the garden , someone yelled out , ` ` yeah ! ''
she 'd felt it about their wedding in roderick 's garden , which had been organized long before joanna came into the picture .
all the lawns were sickeningly green and even , with the same red flowers in the mulched gardens off the front walks .
to the left of the intersection was the garden center .
charles glanced at the garden , where the old rose trellises had once been , the ones scott had burned down .
he had missed the beginning of spring , the floral scents in the air , everyone opening their windows for the first time , the appearance of bees in the garden .
he wondered what his apartment had been converted into , and if the same rusty patio furniture was on the back deck , and if his mother was planting the same exact configuration of flowers in the garden , recreating her childhood anew every spring .
she probably knew nothing about this house beyond its facts and figures , the types of flowers in the gardens , the craftsmen of the furniture in the living room , the artists of the paintings on the walls .
i was n't sure what he was getting at , and i was afraid to ask him because he had that look on his face again , the one where it was as if i were a rose in a garden of weeds .
white wisps of ribbon danced around and coiled up the leafless trees that lined the garden we walked in .
i followed helena back through the garden , leaving the warmth of the trees behind and we shifted back to the darkness of the world of lost souls .
i let go of the pieces of grass and watched them blow into the garden full of lilies , roses , and vines twisting from the trees .
unlike me , she looked like she regularly went to garden parties - with the queen .
maybe sit in the garden ?
i picked up a half - full bottle of champagne and two glasses and wandered out into the garden .
we went around to the side , and then into the garden , where i 'd waited for him happily on the grass .
upstairs , i found the bag that i 'd left out in the garden all night .
she killed his daughter for some minor infraction against her vegetable garden and so the human killed the jinn in retaliation .
the far wall was made entirely out of glass and ari could see out into a beautifully landscaped back garden with a pool right out back , a waterfall spilling into it from the rocks that formed a wall around one side of it .
the smell of molten metal filled the air in the garden before disappearing in the gentle breeze .
` ` the secret garden .
` ` a garden , maybe ?
carmine smiled when he saw it was the secret garden .
she searches for the garden and makes friends with this little robin .
* * * haven sat cross - legged on carmine 's bed , the secret garden open in her lap .
i ' m supposed to be in the garden . ''
they were standing at the edge of the garden as her mama kicked around some dirt in her bare feet , pulling a few stray weeds .
corrado yanked a pair of garden shears from the wall and snipped the rope .
grabbing the garden shears from the ground by his leg , carmine flung them at katrina and struck her in the side when she tried to move away .
` ` you still reading the secret garden ? ''
she watched him in silence , her chest swelling with love as her favorite passage from the secret garden sprang to mind .
` ` the author of the twentieth - century work the secret garden . ''
enjoy the view , but do n't try to plant any of your seeds in my garden .
` ` madison square garden ? ''
even if she 's in the garden or at the village she always looks perfect .
liz was right behind her until she stubbed her toe on a garden gnome and landed flat on a holly bush with a quiet cry of ` ` i ' m okay ! ''
` ` spring in the gardens , '' macey said .
kat turned to see a perfectly planned garden spread out along one side of a massive estate .
` ` today we 're starting all tours in the sculpture garden . ''
chapter 26 hale found her in the garden , staring at a statue of prometheus that w. w. hale the first had purchased in greece and transplanted to wyndham manor sometime before the first world war .
` ` they leave nasty tracks all over gardens . ''
kat moved a half step , but her gaze never left the garden .
` ` well , we ca n't use your common garden hose , now , can we ?
the girl turned and disappeared into the mourners and out into the garden , before kat even had a chance to say good - bye .
the security system was running on an entirely different feed , and this time kat could see simon out of the corner of her eye , lingering by the doors to the north garden .
` ` no , angus , you need to get out of the garden !
that rose garden has got to have at least a half dozen gerbils . ''
i ' m like eve in the garden of eden , and he 's poor adam .
mom starts tel ing dad al about her roses and sunflowers , gesturing out the kitchen window toward the garden .
then i go outside into the backyard , through the gardens to mom 's potting shed , this rickety oak shack that 's covered in ivy and moss .
it 's like when mom spends hours making sure each weed has been plucked from her vegetable garden .
mom 's standing in her garden , surrounded by tal sunflowers , talking to dad .
mom holds my hand as we walk through the garden and up to the porch .
` ` gardens , '' claire says .
she jerks her head toward a picnic table over by a lush garden full of cornstalks and sunflowers .
a field of haystacks sits beyond the tracks , and a garden full of sunflowers and vegetables lies between the tracks and the manor house .
` ` i heard from the gardener that master jack gave candy roxanne , that harlot of a country music singer , a tour of mrs . goodwin 's rose gardens .
` ` i heard about the walk through the rose garden with the country singer and you picking thorns out of your- '' ` ` i ' ve been looking for you , son . ''
one second she 'll be cantering along and the next she 's streaking off the track and into the gardens to chase a bunny rabbit .
fallen angels : the frightening truth at the creation of the garden of eden , heavenly angels were dispatched to earth to watch over adam and eve .
` ` vee and i found it at silk garden .
i was supposed to meet marcie at silk garden at seven .
silk garden was a boutique dress shop on the corner of asher and tenth .
when i was little , my dreams of grandeur included becoming a princess and claiming silk garden as my castle .
` ` everyone knows silk garden is posh , '' marcie rationalized .
thirty minutes later a patrol car pulled to the curb in front of silk garden and detective basso swung out .
she handed me a dress bag with the silk garden logo .
suddenly i was standing in the dressing room at silk garden with patch .
` ` someone stole my handbag from the dressing room at silk garden . ''
thinking on my feet , i said , ` ` we 'll go to silk garden first thing tomorrow .
` ` next thing you know , i 'll be sharing a garden wall with mussolini himself . ''
maybe take a book over to the japanese garden ?
all through dinner , we grinned at each other as we listened to teddy , who was chattering about the dinosaur bones he 'd apparently dug up in the back garden that afternoon .
the deer went to a wildlife sanctuary , which is funny because gran usually hates deer ; they eat up her garden .
go to the japanese gardens and go out for dinner at beau thai . ''
the only problem is , i felt the same way a few nights ago at the garden .
the clatter of the gate echoes through the garden .
my eyes have adjusted so i can see that the garden is pretty big , an expanse of grass bisected by brick paths and ringed by flower beds .
and then mia 's stomach gurgles again , reminding us that we ' ve been waylaid in this garden .
the first time i went that fall , mia 's grandmother talked my ear off about the state of her garden and then went out to her greenhouse , leaving me to sit in the kitchen with her grandfather .
like that garden .
the first floor consists of little more than a living room and kitchen with a sliding - glass door leading out to a garden that 's twice as deep as the house .
i wander into the back garden for my wake - up smoke .
i go into her garden where it 's private and peaceful in the afternoon light , the summer cicadas chirping up a storm .
we entered a small room with shelves and potted plants encircling the walls , and a sharp , almost medicinal tang filled the room , as if i had wandered into someone 's herb garden .
they laughed and skittered around me , climbing walls and hanging from the ceiling , taunting poor beau , until we reached the doors that led to the gardens surrounding the palace .
i spared a quick glance outside , confirming that the garden was several stories down and crawling with fey , before flopping back on the bed .
below us , the garden was quiet , though the moonlight still glinted off the armor of several knights stationed throughout the perimeter .
for a second , i thought we would smash headfirst into the garden below , but then the glider swooped upward , climbing in a lazy arc , the wind whipping at my face .
` ` this , '' she said , gazing up at the branches , ` ` is shakespeare 's garden .
as we left shakespeare 's garden , the path split before us , and i paused a second , panting and looking around .
` ` i was supposed to meet a certain obnoxious furball near shakespeare 's garden , but then i heard a racket so i decided to investigate . ''
she 's not at any of the six pools or the two beaches or the twelve tennis courts or the two nightclubs or the three lobbies or the zen day spa or the endless gardens .
i look at the boat ; it 's quiet , but the garden is so lush and well - tended in a way that it never was with us .
` ` mom ... '' ` ` i ' m going outside back to work in the garden .
` ` i was in a gazebo at the botanic gardens last year , '' i say , imagining a huge gazebo in the middle of the yard .
i stop thinking about my dad when i catch sight of the gardens in the backyard .
through it i can see scientists in white coats and masks moving around what look like large gardens brimming with tall green plants .
she watches the scientist pour a vial of liquid over a section of the closest garden .
the red - haired woman i saw in the garden room limps into the cell .
but even with this cultivated tunnel vision , i could n't help noticing the smoke coming from the elder gardens .
it was a little weird at first , because having him in the living room made me realize what a shitheap it had become , like i 'd let objects fall from my hands whenever i was done with them , my very own sculpture garden of a ruined week .
even though we new yorkers have been hitting the streets and the stores and the restaurants , i ca n't say any of us has had much desire to go to the top of the empire state building or spend much time in times square or gather by the tens of thousands in madison square garden .
claire says as we head into the garden .
` ` i 'll be back tomorrow , and we can head to the garden shop . ''
we made a garden up there , together . ''
unless you have a review to post or a garden that needs tending . ''
i spent the rest of the day traveling a great distance with mom to meet will at the nearest olive garden .
she left their shared rooms , a royal prison within her uncle 's palace , and as she skipped to the indoor garden at the base of the tower , she enjoyed the way her skirts swirled around her .
two mornings later she went to the indoor garden once more , and stood amongst the great ferns and potted palm trees .
the team of architects who designed this place created a lush garden between the luxuriously appointed apartments .
then a movement in the garden catches my eye .
when the world got lush and humid and the diseases started multiplying , the akkadian towers closed this particular garden , bricked over the doors and sealed everything with mortar .
meet me in the garden at midnight .
chapter six the garden ?
i glance through one of the inner windows at the overgrown garden , trying to ignore the uncomfortable feeling of being watched .
did whoever it was meant for already meet whoever wrote it , at midnight in a garden ?
if the entrance to the garden is n't on this level , then it must be above or below us .
` ` ' meet me at the garden at midnight , ' '' he reads .
` ` enjoy your time in the garden . ''
it 's the right height to reach the garden .
so this garden of eden is n't fully sealed after all .
` ` this garden is supposed to be sealed . ''
it would be cruel to keep me from the garden where i played as a boy . ''
so ... here we are in this dark , forbidding garden .
not matches lit in dark gardens , or small children who are unprotected from the weeping sickness , or april imprisoned .
when i pick it up , elliott 's note , the one about meeting him in the garden , flutters to the floor .
as i listen for footsteps to come out , my mind drifts to elliott 's intensity in the humidity of the hidden garden , when he told me how his uncle had slit his father 's throat .
` ` not in the secret garden , '' april says .
and anyone who is in the garden can see into my room .
hurrying though the interior rooms , i almost expect to see elliott watching me from the garden .
` ` i do n't know more right now than i knew that first night in the garden . ''
in my mind i ' m back in the garden at the top of the akkadian towers , and i ' m saying it to elliott .
i follow as he walks into the garden where he first recruited me to join his rebellion .
` ` it certainly was easier for you to get into the garden last time than it was for me , '' i say , remembering the utility closet on the floor below and the hatch i had to climb through .
the garden is far from the only secret in the akkadian towers . ''
after a few steps , he seems confident that the garden is stable enough for the two of us .
he leads me through the garden , past arbors of flowers to a low swing attached to the bough of a weeping willow .
but here in this garden , we can forget .
he knew father would come here , to the garden .
we 're making our way back through the garden as he speaks .
someone is trying to enter the garden through the maintenance closet below .
behind them is a garden nearly identical to ours except for a stunted sycamore tree in the center .
if prospero had captured reverend malcontent , why would he place him in this garden , instead of using him as part of his gruesome entertainment ?
the door of the garden slides open .
he pushes me into the garden and slams the door .
if this garden is a replica of the one in the akkadian towers , then there must be a trapdoor leading out .
another corner of the compound held gardens - from where he was standing thomas recognized corn , tomato plants , fruit trees .
a couple of hours later , thomas was lying in a soft sleeping bag next to chuck on a bed of grass near the gardens .
` ` gardens , blood house , homestead , deadheads .
newt nodded , already on the move toward a small tool shed used for the gardens ; he 'd clearly been waiting for the order .
` ` it 's what we call the guys workin ' their butts off in the gardens - tilling , weeding , planting and such . ''
minho seemed to think nothing of it , throwing it to one of the other runners , who went and put it back in the tool shed near the gardens .
chapter 16 thomas spent the morning with the keeper of the gardens , ` ` working his butt off , '' as newt would ' ve said .
` ` they 're the ones take care of all the heavy stuff for the gardens .
before thomas knew it he was back at work , pulling up weeds again , counting down the minutes until he 'd be done with the gardens .
there were a few snickers as zart , the quiet big guy who watched over the gardens , shifted in his seat .
i do ` ` willow garden , '' a slow and wistful piece , and when i am done , he nods and then picks up one of his own flutes and begins to play .
i had begun the evening 's set by doing ` ` the willow garden , '' followed by ` ` scarborough fair , '' and then i turned to ` ` the young girl 's lament , '' a sad song i recently learned from solomon freeman .
she screamed , her cries coming to me as if from a great distance , and it was through the veil of that spinning , ever growing garden of raven blooms that i watched her run from the chamber , taking the light with her , leaving the darkness and the crazed residents of unclassified 101 of the lower monstrumarium with me .
i had never attended a lecture , seen a play , watched a magic lantern show , been to the circus , ridden a bicycle , read a book by horatio alger , skated , flown a kite , climbed a tree , tended a garden , or played a musical instrument .
after breakfast i asked if he 'd care for a walk in the garden , but he refused again . ''
to name something is to take possession of it , like adam in the primordial garden .
she was eight and already restless with mom 's chore of the day , planting jonquil bulbs in our front garden .
farther up the driveway , harry 's lurking behind a wagon with one of those nozzles that attach to a garden hose in his hand , evidently playing sniper .
i take them over to our house so i can get our garden sprinkler , which is this complicated standing copper twirling thing .
if all the sanctification of stony bay stuff brainwashes me , and i tell you i need to join the garden club , you 'll get me deprogrammed , right ? ''
she 's in the garden club with mom .
paint cans , our garden display .
i expect her to take a cruise , that trip to virgin gorda , escape , but instead she spends a lot of time at our house , fixing up the garden she used to care about before she got so busy in politics .
somehow in the back of my mind was the thought that either ( 1 ) tal and i would work things out next time , and what better place to do that than away from our families and friends in a commune on the flip side of the world , or ( 2 ) we would n't work things out yet again , but i 'd be the best freakin ' worker that kibbutz had ever seen ; and as a bonus , tal would die of jealousy when i fell madly in love with some beautiful surfer boy from capetown and left tal weeding gardens while i bailed on the kibbutz to backpack across the world with my new surfer love who hopefully would have a pretty - looking name like ndgijo .
i have no idea what he wants , but what the hell , i take his hand anyway , and he pulls me up on my feet then presses against me for a slow dance and it 's like we 're in a dream where he 's christopher plummer and i ' m julie andrews and we 're dancing on the marble floor of an austrian terrace garden .
when he was seven , they 'd spent a summer exploring their neighborhood in dawson , minnesota , looking for treasure , and wound up with a garden shed full of weird shit : an old top hat , a busted radio , two tire spokes , and the rusted frame of a bicycle .
while heather waited for bishop to return for her , anne made her a tuna sandwich with mayonnaise she 'd made herself and tomatoes she 'd grown in her garden .
from the other side of the barn , they could hear anne humming as she pulled daffodils from the garden .
brittany waves the small garden shovel in the air , like she 's raising her hand .
the box took up most of the patio , but the other half , i now noticed , was covered by a vegetable garden growing in big pots .
the camera stayed focused on the ali shrine , as they called it , the candles , beanie babies , wilted flowers people no doubt just picked out of neighbors ' gardens , marshmallow peeps - ali 's favorite candy - and of course photos .
there 's even a labyrinth maze in the garden .
there was a zen rock garden to the left of the door , but it had frozen over by now , a thin crust of ice on the sand .
emily 's eyes followed a bumblebee as it meandered from flower to flower in spencer 's front garden .
they had reached the window seats that looked out onto the gardens behind the facility .
to the right was cassie 's long and narrow side yard , which contained a garden that needed weeding , a stone wall that separated it from the neighbors , and an old claw - foot bathtub that was n't out of place here in funky old hollis .
mrs . hastings and mr . pennythistle had chosen the stone mansion with its enormous private garden for their upcoming summer nuptials .
` ` about two weeks after you ditched me , she found me in her garden shed and told me you went back on your word .
the rain had drowned perfectly manicured lawns and the first blooms in organic vegetable gardens , turning everything to mud .
chassey bledsoe appeared on the screen , talking overenthusiastically about how she was thrilled to be running and that she was hosting a vote chassey pasta dinner tomorrow at the local olive garden franchise , which her uncle owned .
a huge gazebo and flower garden were on the right .
they stepped onto the path that led to a small sculpture garden that a wealthy alumnus had donated to the school back in the eighties .
the place had a labyrinthine garden in its front yard .
they started running normally again , passing the rosewood day duck pond , the sculpture garden , and the cornfields .
it was littered with stacks of paper , a mini zen rock garden , and about a thousand books .
ezra fiddled with one of the rocks in the mini zen rock garden that sat at the edge of his desk .
ridley creek park was full of undulating gardens and hiking trails .
24 and in another garden across town ... friday afternoon , spencer leaned over her mother 's flower bed , pulling out the thick , stubborn weeds .
even a cat on a garden wall had reminded her of ezra , for no good reason at all .
they had escaped outside to a little patch of grass in the planetarium 's garden .
shady trees , telescopes , and bushes pruned into the shapes of planets filled the garden .
` ` promise me we 'll never be anything but besties , '' mona had said after they 'd finished and were washing the white paint off their hands with the garden hose .
` ` but you 're going to miss santa 's village at longwood gardens . ''
in seventh grade , she , ali , and the other girls had gone to longwood gardens , which was essentially just that - a big , boring garden .
in seventh grade , she , ali , and the other girls had gone to longwood gardens , which was essentially just that - a big , boring garden .
a latina waitress who could n't have been more than five feet tall led spencer and colin around a grove of palm trees into a private mediterranean garden at the back of the mia vista , one of longboat key 's most sought - after dinner spots .
together , they looked a gazillion times better than naomi and riley , who were huddled like ugly garden gnomes at hanna 's rightful table .
11 a sympathetic ear after school the following day , aria screeched into the parking lot of the rosewood ymca , an old mansion that still maintained an english - style garden and a giant carriage house that had once held twenty rolls - royces .
it was exactly as she remembered it - the overpowering smell of potting soil and wetness , the stone garden gnomes in the corner , and the quirky , chipped tile - top tables mrs . dilaurentis had found at an estate sale .
` ` here , they bring posies from their mother 's gardens to girls they like .
i helped in the gardens , mostly . ''
momma oaks had a small kitchen garden for us to augment the crops planted for the whole town - and of which each family received a share - but it would n't be enough to last the winter .
carefully cut grass and small meticulous gardens and flower beds made it seem like nothing bad could ever happen here .
he 's working in the garden . ''
mrs . bigwater had an herb garden to the side and flowers out front that rioted in pink and orange .
in addition , there were gardens just inside the metal fencing .
he spoke of a jewel of a village with white stone cottages and charming gardens in bloom , of the market where all manner of lovely things were sold , of a sturdy dock where men went out in small boats to cast their nets and women in head scarves hung out their washing while calling cheerfully to one another .
we could all plant gardens and fish in the river , learn to build boats and carve things out of wood and paint the clay tiles on our houses .
she lived with her mother and father and a shaggy dog called bertie in a comfortable house with a cozy garden in north kensington .
she probably escaped by climbing out of a window into the garden .
sometimes we looked out into a large garden , sometimes at another building or a small dark alley .
the atmosphere ought to have been gloomy and sinister , but daylight was streaming into the room through the tall windows , and you looked out at a garden full of flowers .
i could even see the thames shimmering in the sunlight where the garden ended .
* * * the garden was n't open to the public at this time of day .
from where we were in the garden , we heard the sound of an engine , and a car drew up at the front of the house .
lord montrose said he still had a vivid recollection of the fancy - dress party held in the garden here in 1948 , during which several guests , evidently including lucy and paul , had unfortunately landed in the goldfish pool after the excessive consumption of alcohol .
he claims to have seen , with his own eyes , the devil in the shape of a young man embracing the girl in the garden , and then dematerializing in a cloud of smoke , leaving behind a slight smell of sulphur.3 two other girls at school in the convent apparently bear witness that they have seen the devil several times in the company of elisabetta and that he has given her gifts in the form of valuable jewels .
half my family were members of the guardians , i added , and then the guard thought he suddenly remembered seeing me at the last garden party here in the temple .
` ` see you at the next garden party , then . ''
at ... at the last garden party , '' i stammered , while a jumble of ideas went around in my head .
two of elisabetta 's young fellow pupils confirmed what the conte said about the appearance of a demon in the convent garden .
little sofia - who had no credible story to explain why , purely by chance , she happened to be hiding behind a bush in the garden at midnight - described a giant with horns , burning eyes , and cloven hooves , who , curiously enough , played elisabetta a serenade on a violin before committing the sin of unchastity with her .
up to now , i 'd thought of madame rossini 's studio as the garden of eden , but this was even better , much better .
* * * when cynthia 's brother , in costume as a garden gnome , opened the door , it was as if he 'd flung wide the gates of hell .
a girl with a little tiara on her head pushed quickly past the garden gnome and threw up in the bed of hydrangeas near the porch .
the garden gnome 's voice was slightly slurred .
still , maybe this was gideon 's idea of homes and gardens .
the engagement came as no surprise to anyone , since interested observers have been speaking for months of a tender relationship between the young couple , and according to rumor , they were to be seen walking hand in hand in the garden at the ball given at claridge 's ( see our earlier report ) .
raised with southern values , she always acts like she 's working a garden party .
` ` martha stewart would totally take you behind the garden shed and beat you with a mezzaluna . ''
it was dusk by the time they reached old penn station - a glorious stone - faced , glass - domed building that had been torn down half a century ago , in the questionable name of progress , and replaced with a miserable underground rat warren beneath madison square garden .
he sent teams into every building , and through each courtyard and garden of the compound - and while voices in the long barracks were promising , they turned out to be the trapped words of soldiers , spoken more than a hundred and fifty years ago .
not to be outdone , squirrel skinjacked an elderly gentleman in the arbor garden , and started doing the chicken dance , but nobody joined him .
` ` out in the garden . ''
they were out in the garden now , a spot that even in december was frequented by patients .
there was an attendant on duty in the garden to make sure that none of the patients did anything problematic .
the miniscule amount of land surrounding this home is almost nothing but concrete and garden gnomes .
i reach around and pull a concrete garden gnome out from beneath me , half of his red hat broken off and shattered into pieces .
i divert my attention out the driver side window as i press the automatic unlock button , focusing my gaze on the injured garden gnome who is staring back at me with his smug little grin .
i think i 'd been hiding out in the gardens , terrified to be in the same building as stovia .
a few games in and we heard syracen bellowing for kir from the bottom of the gardens .
there was a vegetable garden outside , and a goat tied to the wooden framing of the porch .
as if she sensed us , the door to the shack flew open , and sarah rushed to meet us as i dragged l up the moss ' garden path .
i could feel wolfe waiting impatiently behind me at the end of the garden path , having already thanked the moss ' for their hospitality and made his goodbyes .
there were french doors at the far end which she was sure must open onto gardens or a terrace .
between the rooftops , displaying the expansiveness of the palace , were exotic gardens housing every type of blooming flower imaginable .
monkeys climbed mischievously from garden wall to golden rooftop with a nonstop chattering that had become india 's music to me .
after i sufficiently stuffed myself from the same delicacies i enjoyed the day before , i decided to explore the gardens .
i got lost , both literally and figuratively , wandering around the palace grounds discovering walled gardens with beautiful climbing flowers and ancient shade trees .
in the center of the palace were more gardens and a huge atrium with elegant stone statues and fountains .
birds chirped , the leftovers of angelica 's garden bloomed and the farmers on neighboring farms worked hard to prepare the land for planting .
we walked straight into a maze of gardens with twenty - foot hedged walls and blossoms of every shape and color in full bloom .
` ` they 're waiting for us , '' kiran snapped , spinning on his heel and stalking through the gardens , trampling wayward stems and delicate buds until he was face to face with a stone door obscured from view by thick climbing vines .
lucan , analisa , bianca and jean cartier waited for us patiently at an elegant outdoor patio table set up for lunch in the middle of analisa 's garden .
this particular area of the garden , tucked behind the castle and in the middle of a maze of dirt pathways and overgrown flowers , was more delicately manicured .
the flowers , like the rest of the garden , were clustered and chaotic , spreading frantically throughout the garden with no direction or discipline , the symbol of utter freedom inside walls that choked on the very idea .
the flowers , like the rest of the garden , were clustered and chaotic , spreading frantically throughout the garden with no direction or discipline , the symbol of utter freedom inside walls that choked on the very idea .
the table itself was decorated with an ivory lace tablecloth and an elaborate display of flowers picked from this same garden where we sat .
i 'll send half of our people through the underground tunnel , and the rest through the gardens .
chapter five i stood on the terrace , staring out at kiran 's mother 's gardens while the sun made an appearance on the horizon .
there had been some encouragement from the castle staff to clean up the maze of gardens that spread out behind the castle and climbed and clawed over the tall citadel wall , but i could n't bring myself to do it .
the garden existed in a half - dead , half - alive chaos and it irritated me that i felt connected to that damn garden because of it .
the garden existed in a half - dead , half - alive chaos and it irritated me that i felt connected to that damn garden because of it .
the full moon shone down on the dying garden around me , as i sat alone in the middle of the overgrown maze .
i ' m leaving in the morning , there is this conference thing in kenya that i ' m meeting my mom at and i needed to walk through the gardens , '' she cringed when it was clear she was n't making sense and i bit down on my thumbnail to keep from laughing at how adorable she was all flustered and blushing .
` ` i love these gardens and i had n't had a chance to walk through them yet .
that 's what i was doing , just checking on the gardens . ''
i watched her disappear into the darkness of the gardens in a hurry to get away from me and wondered how in the hell i had screwed things up so bad .
it smells like coffee and leather and garbage - nothing like the sweet , homogenous earth in the holo - gardens on corinth .
i ' ve been in nature before , but then , all it took was the flick of a switch to change the holographic projector from perfectly sculpted and manicured garden terraces to a sunny , songbird - filled forest .
she 's keeping her voice polite and even , like she 's at a garden party and i ' m some annoying aunt who just wo n't back off .
the sounds of air filters and the garden shifting from roses to daffodils with the deft , mechanical click of its holographic projectors .
nothing like the stones in our gardens , polished and placed with perfect artistic balance .
` ` i ' ve been to cultivated gardens before , '' she continues , ` ` but to see such precious things here , with nobody to care for them , simply growing .
` ` does your mother spend much time in her garden ? ''
i do n't want to be acceptable because of who my parents are , or have her garden invaded by paparazzi .
the faint wisp of smoke from the chimney , the black smudge to one side that must be my mother 's vegetable garden .
i know he could n't be happy here , not when his heart is in a little garden cottage with a teacher and a poet and the memory of his brother .
it threads its way down to where she sits , curling past her so now she 's relaxing in my mother 's garden .
and you 'd have your parents , and the garden , and ... then the station could die , and the whispers could rest .
` ` can it have a garden ? ''
` ` a dozen gardens . ''
beyond the garden was her father 's land and beyond that a lake and beyond that woods .
specifically the gardens ! ''
a howl shot through the night and caia looked up to see six lykans crossing through the gardens towards them .
when his family had schemed in their shabby key west vacation rental with the ` ` garden view '' of a weedy alley , no one had spoken of subsequent waves that would wash mother and daughter into nonexistence .
eureka imagined god roller - skating through oblivion , passing shipwrecks on his way to the garden of eden .
this live oak tree in the deserted museum garden was exceptional .
fall turned to winter , and cold winds stripped the branches in the palace gardens bare .
the grisha themselves mingled and danced , but they were easy to pick out in their bold colors : purple , red , and midnight blue , glowing beneath the chandeliers like exotic flowers that had sprung up in some pale garden .
i turned and took the curving staircase down to the sunken garden .
we were standing close together now , alone in the warm dark of the garden .
he tasted of heat and newly ripe pears from the duke 's garden .
the gardens next to the gritzki mansion .
it was still beautiful with winding paths , ancient marble buildings and magnificent gardens , but everything was crumbling and in disrepair .
the air here smelled like a heavily scented night garden .
we were in a garden of some sort , surrounded by tropical flowers and white marble statues .
the one that provides the perfect view of his beautiful garden .
i go in the kitchen , fill a glass with water and take it into the garden with me .
i sit down on one of the chairs on the paved area overlooking the big garden , resting the glass on the table , and let the afternoon sun drift over me , savouring the absolute tranquillity of this garden , the calmness it offers , as the heady scents emitting from the blossoms whirl gently around me .
i sit down on one of the chairs on the paved area overlooking the big garden , resting the glass on the table , and let the afternoon sun drift over me , savouring the absolute tranquillity of this garden , the calmness it offers , as the heady scents emitting from the blossoms whirl gently around me .
` ` your garden is really beautiful , james . ''
james 's gaze drifts out over the garden .
forcing myself into reality , i sit up , swing my legs over the edge of the bed and , seeing straight out the window , i ' m surprised to see james sitting in the garden by the large barrel pot examining the plants in it .
we all make our way out into the garden as it 's such a warm summers evening , and it 's not long before more people arrive and the garden is buzzing with the sound of music and chatter .
we all make our way out into the garden as it 's such a warm summers evening , and it 's not long before more people arrive and the garden is buzzing with the sound of music and chatter .
then an image of purple asters , just like the ones from james ' garden , appears in my mind .
i think at some point i must have fallen asleep because i ' m not in my room anymore , i ' m in the most beautiful garden i ' ve ever seen and there are these purple flowers everywhere .
i interviewed several people from the dahomey village and picked up a bit of information for a crime historian on a waitress at the german beer garden who had just disappeared .
a young woman stood in the middle of a garden , with her arms raised and eyes pointed upward .
the background music that was playing as we waited for the cyrist service to start was more modern , almost new age , but there were a few hymns in the book that were familiar to me- '' there shall be showers of blessings '' and ` ` i come to the garden . ''
and then the last line of the creed , ` ` we choose the way , so we may be saved , '' showed the group with triumphant faces , standing before a lush and verdant garden - the earth restored , a virtual garden of eden .
and then the last line of the creed , ` ` we choose the way , so we may be saved , '' showed the group with triumphant faces , standing before a lush and verdant garden - the earth restored , a virtual garden of eden .
the chairs in front of the fireplace looked out on a meticulously manicured garden enclave , enclosed by the white walls of the surrounding buildings .
the area around the cuts was beginning to turn blue from the impact of the dog 's muzzle , and it was annoying to think that the mongrel was probably relaxing in the sun right now in that little garden , several blissful hours away from our encounter .
only a few buildings would remain , along with the gardens - which were amazing in their own right , since the area had been a swamp less than a year ago .
i vaguely remembered her saying something about a camera , an african exhibit , and a beer garden .
the beer garden was just ahead in the german village , but i had no clue which day she 'd gone where .
i could see one of the entrances from where i stood , but i was n't sure if it led into the beer garden .
nadya scrubbed and cooked and cleared the garden , and thought of karina alone with maxim over the long winter , fearing his absence , longing for it , searching the house for some way to prove her suspicions , her fingers scrabbling over floors and cabinets , feeling for the secret seams hidden by the carpenter 's clever hands .
shall we go to the gardens or take a trip into town ?
she was n't much of a drinker - she and alex had once drank too much playing a twilight drinking game and took turns puking in alex 's mom 's zen rock garden .
they wore matching j.crew outfits , drove matching champagne - colored lexuses , and plastered their last name over everything - a big paulson on the mailbox , paulson , established 1968 on a stone plaque in the front garden , even their vanity plates read paulson1 and paulson2 .
i imagined that they were a garden labyrinth i could disappear into forever . ''
emma followed sutton 's family along stone steps that wove through a garden spotted with tiny yellow and violet flowers .
she said , gesturing to a four - by - four - foot raised garden box covered with felt .
23 the psychopath test emma drove exactly one and a half miles before she pulled over again , this time in the parking lot of the tucson botanical gardens .
but the gardens were closed for the afternoon , and the lot was almost empty .
the wind kicked up , bringing with it the mingled scents of rotting trash and flowers from the gardens .
fifteen minutes later , ethan pulled his rattling honda civic into a parking lot surrounded by ivy - covered trellises and beautiful rose gardens .
a single window looked out to a man - made pond and garden .
in contrast to ethan 's weed - strewn yard , the banerjees had a xeriscaped garden full of white river stones and flowering cacti .
i had tomato gardens bigger than this back in montana , and this is where five children had spent their formidable years exploring and challenging nature .
the leaning fence , the arid soil , the brown grass , it morphed into a secret garden that was as beautiful as her sweet face and as boundless as her goodness .
after trying about four places and getting rejected , i figure there 's nothing to do but go back to the car , get a couple beers , and drink them over at the botanical gardens .
i load four beers into a plastic bag , and off to the gardens we go .
the botanical gardens consists of several walking paths that wind around through a bunch of different kinds of trees and plants and cross over little streams and ponds .
i ' ve actually never been in the gardens after dark , but when you 're with a girl , it 's always best to act like you 're an old hand at everything - not to impress her , but just to make sure she feels safe .
i 'd go down there and , like , fight against these rain forest - bulldozing corporations that run the natives out of their garden of eden and stick them in little wino outfits .
we sit on a stone bench , and she gazes at the perfect garden in front of us and goes , ` ` i was thinking of something you could do . ''
later she 'd cart it to the gardens , where a gardener would take it for fertilizer .
` ` six hundred rooms , military and servant 's quarters , three gardens , a game park , and stables on either side , '' said dorian , staring at his home .
her balcony overlooked a fountain in one of the gardens , and whichever it was , it was beautiful - never mind the guards she spotted posted beneath .
it would waste precious seconds to grab the weapon and load it - seconds when she could take their swords , cut their throats , and vanish into the gardens .
the captain led her through a set of glass doors , and he pointed up as they entered into a garden .
from the garden sprouted a tower made of inky black stone .
` ` you 'd see something like this before the gates of wyrd - not in a garden .
the trees in the garden were gold and brown , half of the leaves already dead on the earth .
a sound flitted through the garden , and some of the guards glanced toward the source .
in the garden , the queer , off - kilter clock tower began chiming the hour .
it was the woman from the garden .
lined with pillars that supported a mezzanine , the floor was checkered black - and - white tile , and the floor - to - ceiling glass doors that made up one entire wall were open , the gossamer curtains blowing in the chilly breeze that drifted in from the garden .
he sighed through his clenched teeth , rubbing a spot on his temple , and headed through the garden .
she looked over her shoulder , giving dorian a sneer as she led the princess deeper into the garden .
` ` is there a point to this , beyond your obsession with those marks in the garden ?
` ` because i just want a straightforward answer to what the wyrdmarks are , and why they 're in the garden here , of all places . ''
` ` i was in the garden with nehemia - with my guards , do n't worry - and he approached us .
nehemia had been the one to tell her that the etchings in the garden were wyrdmarks .
she asked chaol as they walked out of the castle and toward the glass temple at the center of the eastern garden .
in the garden , the captain of the guard stared up at the young woman 's balcony , watching as she waltzed alone , lost in her dreams .
the sun radiated off of the snow in the garden , making the light in the hall nearly blinding .
` ` did n't i already see you this morning in the garden ? ''
the midnight hour chimed through the castle , the off - kilter ringing of the wretched clock tower in the garden echoing through the dark , silent halls .
he 'd trampled half of the queen 's favorite garden .
he bit his lip to keep from smiling and walked down the four steps to the gravel path of the garden .
dorian havilliard stood at the ballroom window , watching celaena and chaol dance in the garden beyond , their dark cloaks flowing around them like they were no more than two wraiths spinning through the wind .
nehemia pointed at the garden , at celaena and chaol , who had stopped dancing and were talking now .
the whole place had been transformed into a garden out of an ancient legend .
there was a high stone wall bordering one of the gardens ; it was closer , and far less monitored .
she neared the stone wall surrounding the garden , her blood roaring in her ears as she made a running jump for it .
she landed on the gravel path of the garden , falling onto her hands .
even though they did n't recognize her in her current attire , the night watch at the royal mausoleum had n't stopped her as she passed through the iron gates at the back of one of the castle gardens .
she rounded the back of the mausoleum and beheld the rows of graves in the gravel garden behind it , the pale and worn stones illuminated by the moon .
i want to go over to the botanical gardens and take some shots . ''
as we were walking through the gardens , admiring the late fall foliage , i told lana that i had received a response from the head of the program .
cobbled streets linked stone cottages and garden plots .
some seventy feet below , animal pens and gardens made neat geometric patterns of the courtyard .
mom went to the garage and returned with a garden hoe .
on the way back to roble we cut through the papua new guinea sculpture garden .
` ` the most exciting thing i ' ve ever done was to yarn bomb the lampposts at central college 's sculpture gardens . ''
` ` it 's either the garden or house parties .
` ` the garden is having an underwear party wednesday night , '' sasha announced , flopping onto our sofa .
` ` if all it takes is peppermint hot cocoa to get tickets to the garden so we can ogle hot g*y guys in their underwear , i can deal , '' i joked and handed another cup to ellie .
at the garden , everyone seemed to wear makeup , from the g*y boys to the cross - dressers and the lesbians .
let 's get down to the garden and dance our bows off . ''
the garden was one of two bars in the warehouse district .
the garden , however , was known for its awesome themed parties and cage dancers .
` ` the garden , '' she said , unconcerned .
when we all went down to the garden that evening , bo showed off a few moves of his own , which proved that he was once again yanking our chains just to see our reactions .
sasha had had to pull us off the dance floor earlier that week , stating that even at the garden , some propriety had to be observed .
all the stuff in the garden had pretty much convinced me that my fight with dr . dupont had been real , but i was still super relieved to see mrs . hillyard .
we passed one house where a woman in a flowery shirt and hot pink capri pants dropped her garden hose and stared at us in openmouthed shock .
to adolphus 's right , there was a little flower garden surrounded by a tiny white picket fence .
a bronze plaque on the fence said that the garden had been planted by the pine grove betterment society just last year .
such as the lock on the garden door , which has an unpleasant termite infestation .
there is still the remains of a path left in the middle of the ruined garden .
then she races from the garden into the weedy clearing that leads to the woods , in clear view of any sharpshooter , and she wonders if infrared lenses can see through sheets of rain .
` ` i 'll swear till the day i die that harlan was there , alive in that garden , and no one can prove he was n't . ''
and then again , out in the garden there was a sculpture of the founders .
- - - the cliffside plantation estate has a rose garden filled with well - pruned hedges and exotic , aromatic flowers .
risa , having been raised in the concrete confines of an inner - city state home , was never much of a garden girl , but once she was allowed access , she began coming out daily , if only to pretend that she is n't a prisoner .
the sensation of walking again is still new enough to make every step in the garden feel like a gift .
there is a small camera crew , and smack in the middle of the garden sits her old wheelchair .
when risa first sees it , she yells at it , throws hay , and heaves a garden hoe .
her window gives her a view of a garden and not much more , so she really does n't know how big the place is and how many are here .
occasionally there are people tending the garden .
this afternoon there are several people tending to the garden as risa and cyfi stroll through .
on closer inspection , the garden is n't just ornamental - there are vegetables growing in rows .
the circle , which is at the center of the garden , is marked by stones , each one engraved with the name of a part - even the parts that are n't there have a place .
no , the interiors are smooth and white and dry , and at the entrance of each is a portico with windows , with a small sod roof above and flower gardens all about .
there is a pigsty over to the side and a fenced - in garden area .
` ` but it could be anywhere , buba nadya - buried outside , in the field , in the garden , in the barn . ''
not in the garden , either , because it was his wife who tended that .
` ` the floating garden of the sea ! ''
i ' ve traveled around some in this world , but never have i been in a more beautiful place - soaring cliffs , blue water and crashing surf , hanging gardens that assault the senses with their heady perfumes , and acres upon acres of the finest grapes .
daisies ... .she smelled like the daisies grams grows in her garden .
every time i see a daisy i think of my grams who has a whole garden of them and now i will also think of you sweetheart . ''
man how we all use to love swimming in the llano river , watching my grams make her famous apple pies and tend to her flower and vegetable garden .
ari and ellie were in the garden with mrs . mathews .
she knows everything there is to know about gardens , and cooking and horses and cows and what to do if you get bit by a snake or you roll around in poison ivy .
it looked like at one time someone might have had a garden out front .
hurriedly , in case she suddenly backed out , eden loped down the stone stairs into the garden , glancing around to make sure the goon was nowhere in sight .
catching him near one of celine 's fountains in the west gardens , eden ducked behind the hedgerow that divided the back garden from the side garden .
catching him near one of celine 's fountains in the west gardens , eden ducked behind the hedgerow that divided the back garden from the side garden .
but it was n't until that day , as he watched her laugh with stellan outside in the gardens , that he felt desire for her .
as they passed the gardens and the scott monument , tobe turned so she was facing eden and began walking backwards .
i walk through a small garden of weeds to a big wooden shed .
rusty garden tools hang on wall hooks , spray - paint cans and bags of weed killer are scattered on the workbench , and little metal buckets crowd the floor .
rustling in the garden captures her dog 's attention .
' at the back there is a huge garden and there are no soldiers in there at all .
there is a very high wall with spikes on it around the garden to stop people climbing in .
not more than a hundred yards away , through the tall trees in the garden , across the mown lawns and the tidy flower - beds , the massive shape of the palace itself loomed through the darkness .
' you was telling me they has no soldiers in the back garden , ' the bfg whispered .
' these wacksey big ears of mine is picking up even the noise of a man breathing the other side of this garden . '
he glided forward through the vast garden , and once again sophie noticed how he seemed to melt into the shadows wherever he went .
' i is going off to wait in the garden , ' the bfg whispered .
he had simply melted away into the dark garden .
but the garden was deserted .
it was an enormous garden , very beautiful , with a large funny - shaped lake at the far end .
he 's out there in the garden now . '
' so he 's in the garden , is he ? '
not more than a hundred yards away , through the tal trees in the garden , across the mown lawns and the tidy flower - beds , the massive shape of the palace itself loomed through the darkness .
' tell the head gardener , ' he whispered , ' that i require immediately a brand new unused garden fork and also a spade .
a splendid one gallon porcelain water - jug was brought in and placed on the giant 's table beside the garden fork and the garden spade and the great sword .
a splendid one gallon porcelain water - jug was brought in and placed on the giant 's table beside the garden fork and the garden spade and the great sword .
the bfg grabbed the garden spade and scooped up all the eggs , sausages , bacon and potatoes in one go and shovelled them into his enormous mouth .
the new house , the one my parents had built at the bottom of the garden , between the azalea bushes and the green circle in the grass we called the fairy ring , that had been sold thirty years ago .
i wanted to bury my friend at the bottom of the garden , past the green - grass fairy ring , into the rhododendron bush cave , back past the heap of grass cuttings , where nobody ever went but me .
we saw him in the garden , slipping from bush to bush , or in trees , or in the undergrowth .
we could trace his movements by the dead blue tits and thrushes we would find in the garden , but we saw him rarely .
i took a book and went out into the garden .
i took my book into the back garden , beneath the balcony , by the flower bed under the television - room window , and i read - forgetting my hunger in egypt with animal - headed gods who cut each other up and then restored one another to life again .
my sister came out into the garden .
you can be anywhere in the house or in the garden , or i will walk with you to your friends ' , but you may not leave the property and simply go wandering . '
i decided that i would creep out of the laboratory shed , along the wall to the edge of the lawn and then into the border of azaleas and bay laurels that bordered the garden there .
then all of this - ' and this was the tangle of brambles , the unkempt world behind the lawn - ' will become a dozen identical houses and gardens .
i loved the house , and the garden .
i made it to the bottom of the garden , past the compost heap and the grass cuttings , then down the hill to the lane .
the old woman gave an expert flick of her wrist , and then the glistening thing was dangling from her needle ( i found myself thinking now not of mercury , but of the silvery slime trails that snails leave in the garden ) , and it no longer went into my foot .
we went off the road , took a short cut that lettie knew that led us through some fields , then into the extensive abandoned gardens of a rich man 's crumbling house , and then back on to the lane again .
twilight became , imperceptibly , night , and now i was sitting in a circle that i could no longer see , at the bottom of the garden .
or at least , there are seven hives of bees in my garden .
there had been a cobra in her uncle 's yam garden , and it had slithered up beside him while he tended to a root .
through his yam garden where she 'd saved him from the cobra .
then she would be sent to walk in the garden ; the garden had a gritty path , and geraniums and calceolarias and lobelias in the beds .
then she would be sent to walk in the garden ; the garden had a gritty path , and geraniums and calceolarias and lobelias in the beds .
the nurse took her through many marble corridors and up and down many marble steps , and at last they came to a garden full of white roses , and in the middle of it , on a green satin - covered eiderdown pillow as big as a feather bed , sat the princess in a white gown .
indeed , the cage was so big that it took up all one side of the rose garden .
the bird had a yellow crest like a cockatoo , and a very large bill like a toucan ( if you do n't know what a toucan is you do not deserve ever to go to the zoological gardens again ) .
when matilda went to bed that night she did not go to sleep : she lay and waited till all the palace was quiet , and then she crept softly , pussily , mousily , to the garden , where the cockatoucan 's cage was , and she hid behind a white rosebush , and looked , and listened .
two leagues short of over there , where the third piece is , there stretches a garden of violent colors and rich perfumes where black butterflies glisten on the rims of pink marble fountains , and bright vines weave in and about .
the only thing white in the garden is a silver - white unicorn who guards the last piece of the mirror .
` ` two leagues short of over there is a garden of violent colors and rich perfume , where black butterflies glisten on the rims of pink marble fountains , and the only thing white in it is a silver - white unicorn who guards the third piece of the mirror . ''
outside the water lapped at the ship , and after a moment jack said , ` ` a river runs by the castle of the far rainbow , and when you go down into the garden , you can hear the water against the wall just like that . ''
` ` but will it work even if the grey man is already in the garden of violent colors and rich perfumes , walking past the pink marble fountains where the black butterflies glisten on their rims ? ''
in the garden the grey man , with sunglasses tightly over his eyes and an umbrella above his head , was indeed walking through violent colors and rich perfumes , past pink marble fountains where black butterflies glistened .
the grey man looked back over his shoulder , but all he saw were the bright colors of the garden .
amos 's plan had apparently worked ; they had managed to climb back in the ship and get the costume from the grey man 's cabin without being seen and then sneak off after him into the garden .
` ` in there is my jewel garden .
with the tip of his thin grey sword he cut amos 's ropes , thrusting him into the jewel garden and closing the small door firmly behind him .
when he had hauled up a cauldron full of gold from the well in the middle of the garden , he put all his reward in the wheelbarrow , went back to the small door , and knocked .
it was a very old house - it had an attic under the roof and a cellar under the ground and an overgrown garden with huge old trees in it .
she explored the garden .
it was a big garden : at the very back was an old tennis court , but no one in the house played tennis and the fence around the court had holes in it and the net had mostly rotted away ; there was an old rose garden , filled with stunted , flyblown rosebushes ; there was a rockery that was all rocks ; there was a fairy ring , made of squidgy brown toadstools which smelled dreadful if you accidentally trod on them .
it was a big garden : at the very back was an old tennis court , but no one in the house played tennis and the fence around the court had holes in it and the net had mostly rotted away ; there was an old rose garden , filled with stunted , flyblown rosebushes ; there was a rockery that was all rocks ; there was a fairy ring , made of squidgy brown toadstools which smelled dreadful if you accidentally trod on them .
it was rain that meant business , and currently its business was turning the garden into a muddy , wet soup .
coraline continued walking through the gardens in the gray mist .
` ` i saw a cat like you in the garden at home .
she walked out of the theater and back into the garden .
despite the gorgeousness of the view - a garden teeming with bright , lush flowers that somehow thrived in the cool october weather - my stomach twisted .
the rose garden my mom had poured her blood , sweat and tears into maintaining was now a pile of rocks .
my parents introduced us and he were allowed to take me walking in the garden .
` ` i was hard pressed to get you out of the sun in the summer gardens when we first met . ''
i 'd been a girl , playing in the garden with joanna , and he came out , his back straight , awful formal and awful old to my young eyes .
a man in a top hat held an oversized set of scissors that looked like garden shears .
in preparation for the celebration , small tents had been set up in the garden , and long tables held mountains of food and pyramids of wine bottles .
eventually the woods gave way to a sprawling english garden .
jake sat up in time to see the sedan fishtail around the circular drive , crash through a section of garden , then blast away down the driveway .
about three feet long , its body was half the thickness of a garden hose , its scales an iridescent green in the firelight .
still , if he squinted his eyes , he could imagine how ankh tawy must have once looked : a handsome city of gleaming spires , blue - tiled homes , sparkling fountains , and verdant gardens .
i could see it in the peaked roofs along the coast , the lush gardens and hedgerows bordering properties spread out so far that not a decibel of someone else 's noise polluted the ears of his neighbor .
she made the meals , cleaned up , arranged flowers , tended her kitchen garden and stayed in her tidy world .
as much as i wanted to join in , i decided to take the laid - back route , and so i swiveled into listening to aidan 's recap of his entire day at his landscaping job , which mostly entailed helping cranky old mrs . grosvenor , who 'd made him haul a dozen rosebushes all around her garden before deciding she did n't want them .
i watched him take off down the drive before i went around back , to connie 's kitchen garden .
connie was out back , in her garden .
it was also her mom 's birthday , so she took us both to dinner , and a movie premiere , and then to a late - night garden party in williamsburg after .
` ` i took him some blooms from the garden . ''
` ` quinn walks ' round the garden three times a day on the doctor 's orders , because he needs the fresh air .
there are only so many trips around a garden that a young man can make .
outside , quinn strides along the garden wall .
still in his bloodied apron , quinn crosses under the trellis that leads from the kitchen garden down to the crab apple orchard .
last winter he reconfigured all of the gardens himself , hauling down shrubbery in the dead of night and uprooting aunt 's plantings .
` ` arancini from spumoni gardens . ''
these kinds of questions had begun to circle me like vultures lately , especially since my google searches had n't pulled up anything more breakthrough than names and addresses of various random travolos in carroll gardens and bensonhurst .
gliding down the corridors or wheeling through the garden , i 'd wanted to shout to anybody , all the patients , staff , visitors - anybody who spied me - that i was only in this contraption for a little while .
27 chop chop chop carroll gardens was a considerable distance .
i 'd also sneezed my way through mrs . wilde 's fund - raising event at the brooklyn botanic garden , and i 'd walked through at least a half dozen fussy furnished town houses when she 'd chaired the brooklyn historical society 's private homes tour .
you could tap - change the light gels of the vanity bank to ` ` home , '' ` ` day , '' ` ` garden , '' ` ` office , '' ` ` evening , '' ` ` dinner , '' and ` ` opera . ''
i preferred ` ` garden , '' though the light seemed to stream straight off pluto .
as if there is nothing but impulse and stupidity in the magnificent purple - green - blue garden of xander 's arms .
like it might have been bought with arthur 's drug cartel money , or maybe had bodies buried out in the garden .
with tonight 's party clicked to the bathroom 's purple ` ` garden '' light .
i moved my cosmetics bag into mom and arthur 's bathroom and clicked the mirror to the ` ` garden '' setting and its light - bath of violet .
pausing at the living room window , i stared across the long lawn to where one of our unknown , unfriendly neighbors was puttering in her garden .
farther from her , kids are sitting around the garden or around the koi pond , feet dunked , talking soft secrets .
10 dream meilin strolled along a wooden walkway through a manicured garden , a fragile parasol on her shoulder .
trees and shrubbery screened the house from view , but meilin would have recognized any portion of her grandfather xao 's garden .
besides the fish in the ponds and the birds in the trees , animals had never been part of the garden .
how had she reached this garden ?
meilin opened her eyes , but the garden was unchanged .
maybe if she could escape the garden , she could escape the dream .
unsettled by the strange chill , meilin kept watching for danger , but the garden remained tranquil .
a light , airy complex with terraced gardens , elevated walkways , and huge - windowed buildings might have been a school or a library .
` ` i told the driver to drop us near fairview gardens , '' skye said .
after getting dropped off beside lush gardens full of luminescent flowers , skye guided cole and jace along wide , empty streets lined with neat yards and tidy buildings .
full of weathered tombs and diverse monuments , the cemetery looked more like a forgotten statue garden than a graveyard .
` ` i have an exquisite mushroom garden .
the woodwork was all fragile and ornate , but the raiders were most interested in the extensive gardens , especially the fruit trees .
` ` remember that castle with the candy garden ?
` ` we 're looking for a cottage with a walled garden . ''
after traveling a considerable distance from where carnag had fallen , liam and mira had shaped the cottage in less than an hour , complete with beds , furniture , a big fireplace , paintings on the walls , and a garden out back .
they had shunned the towers in favor of proximity to the garden courtyard .
he arrived at the garden courtyard , then jumped from the rooftop into a tall tree .
they crouched together in a courtyard garden .
` ` quite a garden you have in there . ''
most of the buildings jason observed were squat dwellings roofed with floral gardens .
once the courtyard garden had been properly explored , jason returned to winding among the bookshelf corridors .
jason followed skeptically , but sure enough , after zigzagging along a circuitous route , the dog brought him to the glass walls enclosing the garden .
the garden unparalleled .
his balcony overlooked glorious gardens and manicured hedgerows .
` ` you 're both on double duty for a month - in the gardens . ''
watchtowers , but all three had the same traits : black stone , gargoyles ... '' ` ` you mean to tell me that the clock tower in the garden is one of them ? ''
one of my favorite places in the city was the victory garden on boylston .
the people wandering the garden this late in the year were mostly old .
a middle - aged woman i had noticed tending a garden nearby crouched beside me .
my parents always had a garden .
a low woodpile butted against a fenced - in rectangle that must be a vegetable garden .
to the left of the garden , a dead truck showed as a glint of windshield peering from humped snow , and at the end of a sinuous path stood three garbage - can - green porta - johns .
in the end , tom had nailed together a rough shelter and put it and raleigh out in the fenced - in vegetable garden .
after that , raleigh stayed in the dead garden .
on the way out , he 'd spotted nikki slogging toward the vegetable garden with a bowl for the dog and returned her wave .
now , huffing toward the woods with the loaded barrow , he swung the yellow beam toward the garden and saw that the dog had tucked itself into the shelter , its tail fluffed over its nose .
his squirrelly grandma spent all day whacking furrows with this wicked - sharp warren hoe , whether that garden needed to be dug up or not .
outside , she 'd spotted all that chicken wire and thought , garden ?
also near the garden , against a shed , was a weird mound that smelled like a bakery .
like that garden ; you ought to check it out .
the way to the lake wound through thick woods fringing a vast bowl of glittering snow that , from the wire and steel posts , must be the farmstead 's garden plot .
now , here they were , fighting for every remaining second , in the middle of the end of the world , and no time left , in this growing garden of the dead .
this is meg murry , in the garden .
to her left are arched windows , and because there is so little light behind her , she makes out the open space of a very large courtyard or garden .
my grandmother 's mason jars were still there , though she had n't been alive to can tomatoes from the garden in ten years .
bring your garden there .
in a rather perfunctory way , i hooked my foot into the garden hose and twisted the sprinkler round .
on the other side , impossibly , was a miniature garden world .
i looked at fishing rods , a deer head wearing a pink baseball cap , and fake owls to scare birds away from your garden .
back in the glory days of our house , before we lived here , i guess the owners had a walkway down to the lake and a little garden thing here .
the house was every bit as gargantuan as it had seemed from the outside and looked like some kind of spread in better homes and gardens .
` ` i ' m at the garden shed .
i can take the road around skarmouth and avoid any more jumping - or i can skirt through the very edge of the town , popping through a few back gardens and risking being seen by gabe at the hotel .
here there are houses looking like they grew out of the rock , and cluttered back gardens full of possessions that have spilled out of the houses , and on the other side of them , a stretch of solid stone that no horse should have to canter on .
we burst through the gardens , half leaping over wheelbarrows in the first , avoiding a crop of herbs in the second , and getting barked at by an evil terrier in the third .
it was pretty , something you 'd hang in a garden or in an old lady 's kitchen .
the two of them observed a beautiful woman standing by the garden section , attended by three male store workers .
in the backyard was an ambitious vegetable garden where seven impeccable rows flourished- textbook tomatoes , peas , beans , and carrots .
so he quietly went outside to the back garden .
gansey lay down , his cheek against the still sun - hot concrete of the fountain bench , and looked out of the midnight garden at the sodium - vapor paradise that was washington , d.c .
he was not holed up in the basement bar nor wandering in the humid garden outside .
he really did n't , but he still did as ronan asked , pulling through the light and making the next right into henrietta farm and garden ( and home ) , a complex of shops largely staffed by mennonites .
` ` the one from the garden . ''
most saw only the carefully made - up girl who looked so pretty as she strolled in the tea garden or handled the cocoons for silk - making .
i asked the servant who led us here , and she said he was the boar in the gardens - but nothing more . ''
` ` boar in the garden ? ''
11 : window that night , in the weird quiet of a beautiful , vast guest room in glengavin , conor dreamed of falling out the window into the garden .
the boar immediately ran through the bushes and into the brushy wild outside of the gardens .
there 's a rumor he 's locked in your gardens . ''
` ` only i am allowed to hunt in the gardens .
when rollan thought of gardens , he thought of little patches of grass with flowers .
maybe even a tree , if it was a really fancy sort of garden .
after conor and finn had hurried into the garden in search of the hare , leaving rollan and meilin on the steps , the two began searching the perimeter of the castle for abeke .
` ` there 's no place to keep abeke locked up in a garden , is there ?
around them , the garden darkened as morning faded into afternoon , and afternoon into late afternoon .
it would be impossible to find him in this huge , dark garden .
16 : rumfuss after a flyover of the garden , essix was able to guide rollan and the others toward the fruit orchards .
it was through grapevines and fruit trees , a part of the orchards that seemed more wild than the rest of the garden .
` ` if you were rumfuss and crazy macdonnell had locked you up in his garden , would you be excited about talking to humans ? ''
and two conqueror recruits are here , in this garden , looking for you - for the talisman . ''
the trek back through the massive gardens took nearly as long as it had to find the boar .
` ` kindly tell me , what sounded like a war going on in my garden ? ''
there was a sound that seemed to shake the entire castle , and suddenly the only great beasts left in the garden were the ones that had come with them .
her mind was full of the gardens of zhong , her father 's wise face , and the conquerors marching over the places she 'd loved .
turned out to be the delivery guy 's from fortune garden .
` ` it 's a garden .
the color grew and rose around us until we stood in a twilight garden , the half - light tinted green as it filtered down between massive leaves the size of my body .
it was a frilly website called ` ` the fairy patch , '' with lists of plants that would attract faeries to your garden .
with a wraparound porch and tall columns , it fit the southern style you would expect to see in the garden district .
is this the garden district ? ''
i could smell the lotus blossoms from here as their scent wafted onto my balcony from the gardens below .
i did n't answer , but instead stayed right on their heels as they made their way through the gardens and into the servants ' quarters of the palace .
he was still laughing as he and apollo disappeared through the garden gates .
` ` he 's letting me venture into your gardens now to exercise my leg .
ares , ortrera and four of her warriors were congregated in the gardens .
the gardens were in full bloom this morning , brilliant blossoms of every hue hanging over our heads , lining the walkways and filling the courtyard with heavy floral scents .
he was the stranger from the gardens .
within months of winning over the people , arthur had completely restored the castle and had overhauled the castle grounds to turn them into the beautiful gardens that they were today .
amid the confusion , arthur stepped on the ledge of the nearby gardens , making him a few heads taller than everyone else .
the falling blue lotus blossoms , the intricate arbors dripping with jasmine , honeysuckle and climbing wisteria , the sculpted gardens that stretched as far as i could see ... all of it blended together .
the colors of the garden around me bled into one another and i put out a hand to steady myself .
` ` i brought you flowers from the gardens , '' he said quietly .
hecate was watching a little girl run through a beautiful garden .
i went to sleep , i ate with persephone and hades , i went for walks in the gardens , i read books in the library .
and gardens .
lots and lots of gardens , growing every veggie and fruit known to man , by the looks of it .
` ` please , '' the woman whimpered for the thousandth time since being dragged from her garden .
there were classics like peter pan and the secret garden , histories written by authors forgotten by history , textbooks of latin and greek .
we walked through the woods , where the path was as wide and clear as any trail in a national park , then emerged onto a broad expanse of lawn blooming with flowers and striped with neat gardens .
` ` all these vegetables , '' emma said , gesturing to the garden beds in the yard .
there were a few more acts after fiona and hugh left the stage but by then the kids were getting antsy , and soon we dispersed to spend the rest of the day in summery bliss : lazing in the sun sipping limeade ; playing croquet ; tending to gardens that , thanks to fiona , hardly needed tending ; discussing our options for lunch .
then on my way out i stumbled over hugh and fiona snogging each other 's faces off in the garden .
once the children had said goodbye to their house , some taking chips of brick or flowers from the garden as forget - me - nots , we made one last trip across the island : through the smoking charred woods and the flat bog dug with bomb holes , over the ridge and down through the little town hung with peat smoke , where the townspeople lingered on porches and in doorways , so tired and numb with shock that they hardly seemed to notice the small parade of peculiar - looking children passing them by .
he dashed across the rutted path toward the school 's formal garden , following his whim to the strange unkempt place at its edge .
up they reached , across strata of earth and rock and root , through the bleached ribs of a dragon and a dark spring swum by water elementals and their imps , through layers of rabbit warrens and forgotten plague cemeteries , finally reaching the school vegetable garden .
in the garden a human lass sat back with a gasp as a turnip top was tugged right out of her hand to disappear in the soil .
the massive arms of the yews were festooned with palaces and hanging gardens .
` ` dance and rejoice , my friends , my faeries , and my kin , < br/ > kneeling in her garden , poppy manygreen knew the crows had come even before the playbill fluttered down to her .
it was not uncommon for faeries dawdling in a garden or gossiping under a streetlamp to suddenly notice a hedge imp , where the moment before no hedge imp had been .
` ` a long quiet life , until she passed to the gardens . ''
she had never taken an apprentice , a lass who would become healer in her place when she made her journey to the moonlit gardens , so he had done what an apprentice would have done , the garden work , the transcribing , the spinning and winding of the spidersilk onto bobbins .
she had never taken an apprentice , a lass who would become healer in her place when she made her journey to the moonlit gardens , so he had done what an apprentice would have done , the garden work , the transcribing , the spinning and winding of the spidersilk onto bobbins .
after they 'd flown away she stepped out into her garden and pondered what she 'd overheard .
their rear gardens backed up to the rock face , billowing with fragrant herbs , and magpie came in to land on the brink of the cliff above .
they die , they pass to the moonlit gardens , just like us . ''
` ` could n't have the gardens swarming with devils .
poppy followed and watched as magpie held the bowl in outstretched arms in the brightest spot in the garden .
the faerie was a lass , kneeling in her garden murmuring to the flowers .
my beetles are safe in my mistress 's garden . ''
she stepped off the last stone of the bridge onto the grass of the moonlit gardens , where no other living faerie had ever trod .
faeries waved from gardens as they passed and magpie waved back , seeing glints of light from cottage windows tucked among the trees .
all the flowers in all the gardens were pale and the foliage was silver , and the faeries too were the color of moonlight , and luminous , as if lit from within .
the longer we 're in the gardens , the closer we are to our spark , and the more we relinquish our skin and all the drama and fleshly stuff of being alive .
she skidded into a billow of nightspink in bellatrix 's garden and , head spinning , looked up into a tremendous face .
` ` aye , down a well over in the garden . ''
` ` there 's a kitchen garden past that fence , '' magpie said .
they prowled through the fence into the garden , taking care to keep well hidden as they scouted for any signs the imp had been there .
he was in a manny garden !
magpie made straight for the cat , and she might have looked like a dull garden bird but she flew like a faerie .
talon asked , pointing across the school gardens that lay blue in the twilight below .
swig and mingus returned , carrying between them a linen napkin that they unfolded in the trunk to reveal an instant picnic of white cake , walnuts , sugared plums , and damp , dirty radishes just plucked from the garden .
` ` but magpie ... if you were in the gardens , did you happen to see ... my folk ? ''
it was part of the spell snoshti had taught her for traveling to and from the moonlit gardens .
magpie 's mouth drew into its most stubborn straight line and she said , ` ` i know they 're not dead , not proper dead , and they 're nowhere in the moonlit gardens and i ' m going to get them back ! ''
she closed her eyes and did as snoshti had taught her , imagining herself fading while she visioned three glyphs in her mind , for threshold , for moonlight , and for garden , linked in just the right way .
threshold , moonlight , garden , just like snoshti had taught her .
some did , but many more chose the gardens , unable to face a world from which their loved ones had been gone already for thousands of years .
they settled back down to orchidspike 's garden , and the lady and her apprentice checked magpie 's shoulder and assured themselves bellatrix had done a fine job of it , though not so fine as the healer might have .
in places even the river was blocked from view , obscured by luscious growth , all of it in colors liza had not seen before in any garden - black and dark purple and silver .
` ` just a garden gnome , '' he said .
which now stood firmly in the middle of his back garden .
he sat with his back to the kitchen window , the one over the sink that looked out onto their small back garden , across the train tracks and up to the church with its graveyard .
the monster stood in his garden , looking right back at him .
` ` it 's only a dream , '' conor said to himself in the back garden , looking up at the monster silhouetted against the moon in the night sky .
the monster was standing in his back garden , big as the setting sun .
the monster was standing in his back garden .
conor 's house was still behind him , but the mist covered his back garden , replacing it with a field with a giant yew in the centre and a man and a woman sleeping at its base .
conor looked wide - eyed from the monster to his back garden , which was re - emerging from the dissipating mist .
conor walked around the garden a bit , thinking .
she did n't have much of a garden anyway , even though her house was way bigger than conor and his mum 's .
the mist surrounded them again suddenly and his grandma 's garden faded away .
the mist retreated and he was back in his grandma 's garden again , the monster still sitting on her office roof .
we went outside and past some light pixies that were milling around the very small garden .
by her calculations , eight hours had gone by since they left the vibrant garden city of cochabamba , climbing higher and higher into the clouds .
walking in the garden at the khan 's mansion one day , gabriel had run into ishmael 's niece , ambrin ? without a veil .
alejo nodded in greeting , then looked beyond them to where ishmael khan was waiting , sitting on a bronze - colored bench in the center of the garden , shaded by a lilac flowering tree .
sitting peacefully on a bench in the beautiful garden of pairumani sat the older guy with salt - and - pepper hair , wearing a navy cardigan sweater and pressed khaki pants , like the perfect gentleman .
the little wara could see of the pristine garden surrounding the mansion was empty , except for the small group of muslim men .
ishmael khan wandered off towards a more shaded part of the garden .
for a moment he felt a little woozy , the only thing holding him back a memory of deep , sapphire blue eyes framed by a lilac veil in a beautiful garden in pakistan .
the earth smelled wonderful there and tommy liked to sit in one of the big white wooden chairs , there were two of them , and watch her weed the garden .
grandma was still in the garden and he told her his plans then he went in through the back porch and was greeted by a very slobbery noodle and the sound of the big clock in the living room .
then they stepped outside into a pink and blue garden .
it all works rather well , though i m getting too old to bend while working on the garden .
chapter 17 that afternoon , while suvan was sent out to begin working on the garden , i followed tahn down to another level of the building .
we found suvan was still busy in the garden , intently removing weeds from the soil , and from the cistern , watering the plants .
we follow a wide path past trimmed fields and what a sign tells us is a community garden before finding a trail and moving into the woods .
* * * we wander past the fields , past the community garden , past the dog park and into the woods .
meantime , while the boats are out , the womenfolk keep house and garden , praying all the while for good weather , a good catch and a safe return .
the north and west remain untamed and wild where great herds of deer roam freely in the valleys we call the deer gardens .
this area was the deer gardens , and a large herd of red deer roamed across the rocks and pastures there .
huffy and puffy will wait at the bottom of the tower , in the garden , where we shall throw the money down in pillowcases .
the river has trees lining its length and gardens that dip into the waters on either side .
so they put this monstrosity in the middle of bruces back yard , poured a shit pot of black powder down the barrel , stuffed rags in , rolled the ball bearing in , rammed everything tight and pointed it at the garden shed next to the fence .
there s a big hole in the side of the garden shed .
he pointed out all the places of interest ( over the intercom of course ) and gave us ample opportunity to visit some of the sights if we wished , then at twelve thirty sharp we turned into a beautiful tree lined street , where every house was well kept and had masses of brightly coloured flowers outside , either in hanging baskets , or if the owners were lucky , in small gardens .
what we found was la samanna , a five star resort that boasted among other things five speciality suites , and due to a last minute cancellation i found myself in one of them , the orient - express styled terrace suite , but unfortunately david and caroline had to rough it in one of the common or garden beach front suites ; i hope they will eventually forgive me .
it was an ornate , semicircular affair , with columns holding up an arching , rounded roof , all surrounding a small garden at the center .
the flowers in the garden often glowed in the sunlight , but they lay dim and drooping in the darkening skies .
she watched as the water reemerged at the bottom of the rain gutter and flowed ever so slowly down grooves in the stone driveway and into the garden .
lilly ann and taylor walked out onto a meandering gravel path that led them through a magical garden of colorful flowerbeds and artistically pruned shrubs with lush green patches of grass in - between .
michael had been chosen to lead the wedding ceremony , so he left early to see about last minute arrangements on the sudbury grounds , which many busy hands had transformed into a magical garden of color and light .
a crowd had already gathered in the garden abuzz with conversations and laughter , enjoying the various snacks and refreshments that were offered on silver trays by boys and girls in colorful costumes and tall feathered hats .
recently he had hinted , in our little chats as we careened around the skies in various aeroplanes that beryl was starting to comment on how quiet the villa was without him , which was a subtle way of saying that she was getting bored , and that she was missing the kitchen garden at their cottage in the cotswolds .
as i was having a modern heavy duty battery fitted in all my aircraft , it would take the strain off everyday routine starts , and we could save the doo doo cartridges for air show mass start - ups , but that was tomorrows problem ; there were six hunters parked in my garden , and it was party time .
the gleaming f58 stood in centrally heated comfort , and was surrounded by an aladdins cave of spare parts , and looking out of a rear window i saw that there were three very large store rooms in the huge garden , and i suspected that we would find yet more treasures out there , i just had to find out all about this beautiful aircraft .
naturally i would nt have that problem ; i would just park the lady s ( the floating one ) at the bottom of their garden , so carol took the lady s over the pond , and parked her in the short stay boat park in florida where i joined them after a freebee trip on one of my host to bes jumbos , no he was nt a circus owner - he was the one like a virgin , wrong again it was nt madonna - she s next month .
mr russell hobbs , of 25 ironside gardens had just been in to ask if there was a garage available for him to rent , not just any old garage mind you , but a very large garage , that could take his rolls royce .
he was allocated a lovely little flat in ironside gardens but the roller was the problem .
he had a disused store room close to ironside gardens , if they did it up , would he like it ?
as david read the comprehensive report he knew that the investigator was not a super - sleuth , he was a vintage car enthusiast who had parked his mk1 cortina ( the ones with the round head and tail lights ) at the bottom of their garden , flicked a switch that disabled its engine then walked up to their front door , rang the bell and asked if he could use their phone to ring the aa .
just in front of the world famous research hospitals grandiose main entrance he spotted a rose garden on a roundabout , perfect , and slid to halt maybe just a little too high he thought ( his front seater knew that it was a lot too high ) and shut down the engine .
experts ( ex a has been , spert a drip under pressure ) from all around the globe fell into three neat categories , the first group ( the pessimists ) said it would take three months , the second group ( the optimists ) said it would take one month , and the third group ( those who regularly talked to the fairies at the bottom of their gardens ) said it would take two weeks , but six days after jesse had collapsed in the doorway half dead , the doors were flung open and nurse bentley , still in the same uniform , but hopefully with a change of underwear , ceremonially handed a small pot of pills to jesse , who still looked half dead but this had more to do with the nine nurses who on hearing that their new local hero was a virgin , had tried to help him overcome his malady , ( of course i am a virgin , i was born on the tenth of september ) and the other twenty that heard that he was spectacularly good at one thing in his life .
cries rang out over the airways begging people to raise victory gardens but for those in the cities it was n't much of an option as by this time winter was approaching and there was no time left for soon gardens and people would begin freezing .
people have been living in this spot for thousands of years , if were going to be forced to go back and live like our ancestors this is the ideal place to do it , we can even put in a garden and have some fresh vegetables .
the deer had been getting in the garden i had laid in wait for three nights before i got the first one and was looking forward to filling the freezer with its buddies the first chance i got .
we had seen a bear in the park by the boil but it disappeared before i could get to the gun , or bear steaks would have been on the menu , we had collected an ample supply of spices and our vegetable garden was planted , the only trouble was keeping out the varmints .
we had paddled over to the juniper club to work in the garden .
it was a nice day for a leisurely swim , and the cool water felt good after toiling in the hot garden .
after listening to the news connie , and i agreed we were pretty well off , we already had a garden planted , and soon it would begin producing and we added to our livestock inventory at every opportunity .
i had constructed a primitive irrigation system that ran off the solar panel system it would water the greenhouse and part of the garden .
cathy and jim began visiting us often and brought along some of the other colonists ; our little garden was beginning to turn into a regular farm and was being expanded to meet the needs of the new population .
soon there were regular work parties , with an emphasis on work and party , for the groups would splash and play in the springs after toiling in the gardens or greenhouse .
with cathy , jim , and the other colonists taking over much of the day - to - day chores in the gardens , connie and i found ourselves with a lot less to do .
tomorrow we 'll begin concentrating on the coast as it 's a foregone conclusion no ones living in cities anymore , if there s anyone left their going to be in out - of - the - way places where they have a natural supply of fresh water and access to the sea , probably with a spot to raise a garden .
next morning we were getting ready to hunt down every garden hose on the island with the intention of hooking them together and filling the water tanks on the ketch , then using them to transfer diesel .
leaving her husband to put the children to bed , emily lead her visitors to her private garden , an eight x eight meter space , paved with flagstones of laser - cut native stone and home to a small water feature that sprayed the tropical plantings and helped cool the air .
after a leisurely supper and some excellent wine , they retired to a garden area just outside the mission walls .
tis surrounded by a wall , but there are gardens within and nearby there is a river ; i used to play by it when i was a boy .
dia grabbed at the gun in her skirt loop but kae kicked at her hand , sending the gun spinning across the garden .
the complex was surrounded on all sides by a cobbled plaza that featured small formal gardens , elaborate fountains and comfortable benches under leafy trees .
herbs planted in the gardens combined with the smell of baking bread from inside the inn to create an inviting atmosphere .
nerza awoke to the chirping of birds in the garden behind his stone cottage .
he sat on the stone bench behind the cottage and watched arii , almost twelve now , weed the garden .
bees hummed as they worked gathering their sustenance from the flowers in the garden .
arii jumped , returned to the garden and resumed his weeding .
they continued to tend the garden and the apple tree ripened its apples .
arii kindled a fire while nerza retrieved some cold roasted lerfs from the storage pail in the well near the garden .
his uncle nerza would be tending his birds , so arii ran along the house to the garden and grassy area behind the house .
you two go into the garden and sit while cirile and i clean up this mess .
as arii and nerza strode into the garden , ariis thoughts were on the girl .
the forest gathered itself at the back of ferauns garden .
nerza stood and walked to the window , admiring the well - kept garden near the apple tree .
first , though , i want to walk in the garden .
the garden needed tending .
it was a good time of day to work in the garden .
he hunted and kept a small garden .
arii paced in the garden behind nerzas cottage .
the garden was already an ancient garden .
arii wondered how many roots this garden had produced , how many people had drawn sustenance from it richness .
the herb 's fragrance , which grew in the various chinks and nooks around the garden , hosted legions of bees .
a riverside garden replaced the former prison .
i d love to find out the truth about noahs ark , the garden of eden , witness the voyage of the titanic , see if aliens really did crash at roswell kaylie was grinning from ear to ear at him and when he finally noticed , he stopped rambling , what ?
but in the yearly holiday in summer- nahumik found some idle time , in which he decided to develop the garden around the old hired house .
.and please do nt forget , that we had a small trees garden in my childhood in israel ... i like better the hairy pudenta , what s wrong with that ?
most of his time and effort he devoted to taking care of the chickens , and of the small fruits trees in our garden .
all of the buildings south of the levee had been declared uninhabitable more than forty years before ; however from the number of small boats in the streets and the number of vegetable gardens and grills on the roofs , it was obvious the area in what once had been called little italy and the bowery , still had lots of people living above the water line , although below the poverty line .
in a way , the seminar had been no more than a retelling of the tale of the serpent in the garden .
he thinks how voltaire was right when he had old dr . pangloss stay home and tend his garden .
he creeps to its front edge expecting to witness some surreal bucolic scene of centaurs tending their crops , but the open space of interlaced meadow and gardens is empty .
fflowers finger pulses a button , and when a triad of attendants respond , he tells them that he wants to be disconnected from his support systems so that he can spend a few minutes in his gallery , loggia and gardens .
despite being one hundred thirty stories over manhattan , joshua fflowers can smell spring as soon as he wheels himself outside into the garden .
the awards ceremony was set for three oclock in the afternoon , in the rose garden .
lets take a walk in the rose garden , the president said , standing and leading them in the right direction .
it seemed the president had been stung by a bee while strolling in the rose garden earlier in the day .
pete had a garden hoe .
when the volunteers finished , the little park included a sod lawn , a community garden , a play area for children , and places where people could sit and talk .
he must have read candide and decided that voltaires edict to tend your own garden made sense , thought allison .
all year long everyone had to let them grow and grow and growit was a crime to pick one , except out of a garden or farmers field .
the combined smells of bacon and coffee hung in the air , eventually extracting him from bed with the poor efficiency of a garden tractor pulling a stubborn , century - old tree stump from the ground .
a back door from the kitchen led to a courtyard of stone flanked on one side by the entrance to a small paddock with broken fence slats , a very old barn , and a vegetable garden that looked like it had nt been tended in years .
he always came back exhausted but arms full of preserves or late fall garden harvest and instructions from dierdre to sarahon how to weave , the best place to dig for peat , and better ways to make goat cheese .
this was a semi - working farm with livestock and a garden , not a barely furnished tourist rental , although where they d sleep he did nt have a clue .
before david left , they had decided to mark out the garden for the spring planting upon his return .
tomorrow , she and john would step off the garden boundaries in anticipation of preparing the ground .
he watched as ten or so of his men transferred boxes from the two shabby horse - drawn wagons that stood in the middle of the old ladys vegetable garden next to the barn .
it was only february , with plans for planting dierdres garden still long weeks away , but the larder was full of the food that the gypsies had stolen and stacked in boxes in a barn .
damn , santino said , and i was just about ready to plant a garden out front .
the center of the driveway was filled with a rock garden , small water fall cascading into a koi pond below and even a statue of buddha .
i ve seen men who have gone through some of the worst hells that men have ever experienced under fire who when they came face to face with a beautiful woman became slightly less articulate than your average garden squash , which is descriptive of how lawrence white was acting .
in the ground on top of that was a vegetable garden .
they used to fertilize the garden with horse manure .
i smelled earth , freshly turnedthe same scent as from our vegetable garden when it was being tilledand i smelled iron , and something else .
i could see inside an old log corncrib that sat back by the edge of the woods , about fifty yards or so past where a good - sized garden had been .
i looked over to the right of a fallen - down hay barn at a dried - up truck patch garden .
you look like someone attacked you with a garden rake .
the poor guy looked as if he had been beat half to death with a garden rake .
moments later i shoved open the heavy oak door , stumbled outside and ran toward my mother who was working in the garden .
i told her once in the secret garden at the castle wall i d take her to another land .
i shall most certainly report thim outrageous breach of ethics to the directors of the adjacent zoological garden . '
' i hoped i 'd never have to sleep in this here geological garden another night and listen to all them lonesome noises that come out of that jumble after dark . '
my eyes darted to the side as we passed the ornate dresser i 'd polished only that morning ; it still had the spanner i 'd picked up out of the garden shed sitting there .
right now amanda was likely running down a dark garden path , seconds from falling in a ditch and breaking her neck .
i had managed to make my way off the dark garden path , my bare feet grating against the rough stones and soil as i headed towards the forest below .
i had been the kind of girl who would spend every weekend at home pottering around , cleaning up , attempting to unsuccessfully start a garden , and then settling down with my dinner in front of the tv at night .
while there was the forest that virtually backed up to the kitchen , on either side of the house there were great lawns , leading down to several little gardens each surrounded by large box hedges .
and before this horrible adventure had begun , before i had found that fateful globe up in the attic , i had often eaten my lunch in one of those gardens .
i was going to live the kind of life that my great - uncle had lived ; a little bit mad , granted , but mostly peaceful , holed up in the country somewhere , surrounded by great books on adventure and travel , gardens and trees , and with no criminals around to shake a stick at .
i went to a back corner of the garden , crouched down on damp earth between the fence and an overgrown bush , and waited .
do all the people in your village have houses and gardens ?
she could nt afford a two - story home so lived in the back room with a garden in the back .
almost everyone had a garden in the back yard so manure - collectors strolled the streets collecting & selling .. shit to the townies .
i was more red then the tomato itself from the garden .
http : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / drvincent table of contents prolog 1 ulrica 2 rescued 3 the ritual 4 affinity 5 moyolehauni 6 the line 7 shani 8 part of the family 9 finishing the garden 10 the herbalist shop 11 clues 12 nottias news and ricas party 13 growing pains 14 nabarun 15 clouded vision 16 frustration 17 investigation 18 introductions 19 escape 20 developments 21 denham , city of trade 22 meetings 23 betrayed 24 on the run 25 captured 26 the forests of the onur 27 tabor town 28 revelations 29 tlalli - dex about the author prolog the world of tlalli is much like earth with a few striking differences .
we keep a small herb garden here in shani for our own use .
we could get an early start on the herb garden today .
the garden was no small thing and as the day drew on it seemed to get bigger .
rica and zafira walked down the path from the garden toward the house .
9 - finishing the garden the new cloths she had bought the day before were folded and put away in the drawers built into the closet .
we are about half way finished with the garden harvest so we will try to get it finished .
tod and chaura went off to work and zafira and rica went out to work on the rest of the garden harvest and clean up .
we need to plant these flit bushes to keep bugs out of the garden .
they spent the remainder of the day planting the flit bushes around the perimeter of the garden so they would be established for the next growing season .
every floor in the building had a garden .
the grounds between the towers were planted in grand gardens , which looked like wonderful places to sit and read or study .
nabs manservant thomas found him in the gardens when it was time for the noon meal .
you remember those little plants we put out around the garden ?
we use ours to catch pests that would other wise eat the plants in the garden .
as to aramys , she dwelt in a little lodging composed of a boudoir , an eating room , and a bedroom , which room , situated , as the others were , on the ground floor , looked out upon a little fresh green garden , shady and impenetrable to the eyes of her neighbors .
' as well as you do , gentlewomen ; for i was among those who seized her in the garden at amiens , into which madame putange , the king 's equerry , introduced me .
a high wall , at the angle of which was the pavilion , ran along one side of this lane , and on the others was a little garden connected with a poor cottage which was protected by a hedge from passers - by .
beyond that hedge , that garden , and that cottage , a dark mist enveloped with its folds that immensity where paris slept -- a vast void from which glittered a few luminous points , the funeral stars of that hell !
i feel my head a little confused ; i will take a turn in the garden . '
' you are going into the garden ? '
revolving all this in his mind , he cast his eyes around him , and arranged the topography of the garden in his head .
in this case milord would cross the garden and gain the village on foot .
' thanks to the garden , we yet can flee ; i have the key , but make haste !
as to the poisoner , they had heard no tidings of his whatever , only that he must have made his escape through the garden , on the sand of which his footsteps could be traced , and the door of which had been found shut .
faithful to her mission of vengeance , athys had requested to be conducted to the garden ; and there upon the sand following the light steps of this man , who left sharp tracks wherever he went , she advanced toward the gate which led into the wood , and causing it to be opened , she went out into the forest .
between the forest and this accursed spot , a little behind the trampled ground , was the same track of small feet as in the garden ; the carriage had stopped here .
the boats and the rose garden would look perfect at this time .
it was the rose garden i first went to and i found nothing exciting there .
as a matter of fact , i had a quite number of sketches i made from around that area especially the boats stand , the scott memorial lighthouse , the gardens and many more .
i came to the park through the wild gardens ; a little walk forth would bring me to the lake where i saw pam in the canoe .
so when i finally sat alone under a tree that was tagged gingko biloba in the botanical gardens .
cars , buildings , people , gardens and trees sped past me as our bus moved in the opposite direction .
or she could catch the old lady doing her garden ; trimming the lawn or planting new flowers or watering or just sitting there .
the houses were all there , so were the sidewalks , curbs , lawns , mailboxes , the roofs and the little garden at the far end of the street .
she wished she could get hold of that pitchfork she and maggie once used in the garden .
` ` she told me that the first day i helped her out in the garden when i thought i could n't cut off the tips of the herbs properly . ''
even the flat rooftops sported gardens , some flowery , some obviously more oriented towards crops or vegetables .
look , i think the sea is just down the path at the back of the garden .
they jutted out into the back garden and enclosed various stone courtyards adjoined by stairs and walkways to the back of the house .
those who work behind the scenes , in the kitchens and washrooms and gardens of a large house , learn very quickly what is going on with the occupants .
my father always told miss osbourne that he wanted me to stay inside , or in the garden .
mana followed more slowly , so miriam was somewhat ahead of her by the time they reached the bottom of the garden .
theodosia , miriam noted , was beaming at the sight of her son shepherding barbara into the garden .
he stopped , swallowed , and said , stop looking at me as if i were in the zoological gardens !
he was in a wide garden , and the stream from which he drank ran into a little pond where large gold and red fish swam and flicked their tails at each other .
flowers rioted over an arch set into the wall , obviously planted and trained to grow in ordered confusion in the garden .
the garden , for that was where he was , gave the effect of color , shade and great beauty .
she gestured towards the end of the garden , where a long , low house was set in among the vines and bougainvillea .
as he watched , she took the baby to a thick carpet in her garden .
they were walking on again , heading towards where the row of cozy houses and well - tended gardens butted up against another huge swell of rock .
lets go to the back garden and let them fight it out .
tache was housed in a small cabin , which was really more like a shack , behind the gardens in the back of the house .
neil started and ran after the large man who was already disappearing between rows of vines that hung with clusters of some type of green , spiky fruit growing in an island version of a kitchen garden .
chichilia , neil said , bearing down on her , odjos daughter is dying in that ridiculous little box in the garden .
weko would nt want someone to die in his garden !
he d be too afraid that he d lose his new gardens , or the family portrait they want to have painted , or his position , or the new dining room furniture , or something silly like that .
the parrot awoke with a screech as a bolt of lightning momentarily lit the garden , followed by a loud shout of thunder .
they crept between the dripping flowers and vines that grew in ordered confusion in the kitchen garden , towards the small tin shed .
riki appeared to be as depressed as he was ; she did nt hum , or whistle , or try to trip him up as they walked back into the garden .
she would mention how her husband ( the insignificant girawe ) was so much more reliable than that odious weko , who hid sick girls in his garden shed and whose house was searched by the palace guards .
germany had become drunk with the quest for glory , and men like himmler , free from the restraints of any human decency , flourished like weeds in an untended garden .
zanphir scolded sometime later as the two elfin ladies sauntered along the garden trail on their way back to their respective noble houses .
they had gardens that grew special plants during the short summers of the north .
beautiful manicured gardens , many as large as a modern city and spread over the tropical mid - atlantic island in wondrous abundance , began to wither and smolder in the ultra bright sunshine .
he also lives with a pack of eight ( yes eight ) miniature dachshunds that he uses to hunt garden gnomes .
chris is into gardening , jonny explained , we have a huge garden up here .
he searched through the gardens behind the empress.no sign .
they did nt call victoria the city of gardens for nothing .
we stared in shock at the mess and the view out into the royal gardens that the collapsed wall had exposed .
spreading before us were the gardens .
the faint earthy musk of the gardens wafted in through the cracked window , and once more calmed , i opened my eyes .
if you ll help me harvest from my garden or find some wild game , i have a store owner who i use , when i need to sell my goods .
he steeped out into the garden , the life giving light on his chest and nature at his feet .
suddenly i was on a rooftop garden , dressed casually with a sombrero on my head .
along the seashore , elevated high above the buildings was a stone castle with a green garden .
there is a public garden where only criminals and fools walk at night .
the thoroughfare the doctor called the street of festivals was lined with townhouses separated by small gardens .
plant these in gardens in your yards and they may grow .
i thought the shot had come from the garden directly behind me that it was on an elevation from where i was as i was right on the curb .
i looked back in the vacinity [ sic ] of the garden .
i noticed a garden hose and an empty five - gallon gasoline can in the bed of this truck .
jumping out of the truck , forrest grabbed the five - gallon can and a six - foot section of rubber garden hose .
well , anyways , i had the architect mount that plaque on a marble pedestal that sits in a flower garden in my front yard .
table of contents prologue chapter 1 : the wildspring chapter 2 : the wilds chapter 3 : the telling chapter 4 : the beginning chapter 5 : the training chapter 6 : the sisters chapter 7 : the flight chapter 8 : the collapse chapter 9 : the finding chapter 10 : the snare chapter 11 : the father chapter 12 : the leavetaking chapter 13 : the meeting chapter 14 : the cage chapter 15 : the forgotten chapter 16 : the falcon chapter 17 : the winter chapter 18 : the tent chapter 19 : the storm chapter 20 : the calm chapter 21 : the name chapter 22 : the ride chapter 23 : the strangers chapter 24 : the star chapter 25 : the people chapter 26 : the walk chapter 27 : the histories chapter 28 : the harbor chapter 29 : the ship chapter 30 : the bracelet chapter 31 : the wine chapter 32 : the garden chapter 33 : the order chapter 34 : the commander chapter 35 : the assassin chapter 36 : the light authors note preview : book two prologue summer , 1413 of the fourth aeon the brisk morning breeze that came down off the mountains had not yet been caught by the sun .
eloysa was a garden , gaildena had the lighthouse , and ashira was the beautiful port .
the fountains were dry and the gardens full of weeds , but elaina imagined that it had been lovely in its prime .
cade answered , leading her through the room and out a door on the other side into a dry and ragged garden .
cade ducked his head into the various rooms that lined the garden until he found one whose roof was mostly intact .
the fountains and gardens were easy enough as well .
` ` you 'll have to show me tar haviel sometime , '' cade interrupted her reverie , coming through the door of sarina 's room from the garden .
it was nt just a clearing , it was a splendid garden , complete with an impressive portico whose columns dripped with blooming flowers .
even in spring no garden cade had ever seen was so perfectly timed to burst into flower all at once .
chapter 32 the garden cade looked up at the sound of her footsteps on the flagstones .
she smiled at elaina , who stood as still as the statues that littered the fragrant garden .
thorny vines sprouted and curled through the garden , and darkness flashed in her eyes .
the garden brightened with its mistress , thorns subsiding at once .
the garden faded , withering and yellowing without constant support from its creator .
like he did in the garden , in the bad dreams ?
that was exactly what he had said to her after the garden .
` ` b - but in the garden ?
` ` in the garden i was in chains , trying to save your life with an outrageous lie . ''
` ` we never talk of the garden , '' he began quietly .
well , she is just a girl that is in your garden talking to your mom .
in any other circumstance this frail looking pensioner would be pottering in the garden in an english village , not pacing the quarterdeck of the navys mightiest flagship , preparing for battle .
well i was walking in the garden , pondering blackwoods words .
a monk at the back of the room hatched a plan , he approached the king and asked if he would like a sweet pudding at the end of the meal , the king said ye . , the monk went to the garden to fetch fresh plums , he laced the plums with poison and served them in a dish for the monarch .
it did nt take long after a good and well needed nights sleep to learn the location of a park on the edge of brighton called st annes well gardens .
asking directions coe and paco found that it was a walking distance from the train station to the gardens .
we have some left over from when gram used to keep a garden out back .
this compass had a working arrow on it , one that was currently pointed through a hedge at the end of the garden .
bloodmages are here , he gasped at the exiles as they moved through the shadows of a garden .
he turned and vaulted himself over the wall that surrounded the garden , a huge moving patch of darkness , with the prince and the exile girl close behind , very pointedly not looking at each other .
when he went out , he found a horse tethered to the tree by the garden gate .
after a while , he found himself standing in the doorway of the last house on the street ; a high wall , which seemed to enclose a garden , continued for a few more yards , and then the hill flattened out into an unpaved patch of dusty ground .
a sudden light breeze wafted the impossibly sweet , heavy scent of orange - blossom from the walled garden nearby .
he started to speak but she continued , i was wondering , how you can manage to pull off such a plan , clean up like you ve just been working in the garden , and behave calmly after such an experience ?
managed to retreat to the castle gardens , but it was there i fell , he nods , remembering the battle clearly .
sensing a presence drift through the castle grounds , zelda quickly circles around the moat , murmuring a spell before teleporting over the tall wall of the castle gardens .
remaining in her ninja ensemble , zelda nimbly runs several steps up the tall wall bordering the gardens .
from the sack on his back , he took a garden hoe .
the garden hoe clonnngged off the cursed hands iron fist , rapping him in the face with its wooden handle .
the vessels shape reminded him of a type of squash his father grew in the vegetable garden ; however , the relief decoration and the writing were unfamiliar .
he knew the blanket would please his mother , and the corn seeds could always be used in the familys garden .
he spent his time there growing flowers and tending to his garden .
she saw mature trees , gardens , and larger houses .
it was surrounded by a high black wrought iron fence , which enclosed a beautiful garden .
in the center of the garden was a tall fountain made from stone .
the garden was an oasis in a poor , busy city .
a corner of the garden housed a collection of flower urns made from marble .
beth could see the garden filled with large green plants with pink flowers .
the garden has a lake and statues of hindu gods , jesus , the virgin mary , lord buddha and other things .
parks with ponds , beautiful golf courses and gardens were shown .
corporations had paid to advertise on these roadside garden beds .
the advertisements were made from natural hedges and shrubs forming a garden like appearance .
matt was in covent garden , london , eating at carluccios caff on the corner of garrick street and king street .
nautglum was in the central public garden with his wife and 27 offspring .
as well as potted flowers , a small table and chairs , and one wilting fruit tree , the garden also housed yet another of valiros most guarded secrets .
personally i did nt care where they d come from , i just wished one of them was nt sitting in the middle of my previously well - maintained , pretty garden .
entering my peaceful garden instantly alleviated my tension .
taking a seat on the cold step , i looked out at my beautiful garden , savouring the pretty plants , flowers , and floppy fruit tree .
my attention was drawn to the gaping hole in the centre of my small garden .
when i looked more into it , i found that pleasant place sometimes refers to the garden of eden which has to be the biggest coincidence i ve ever seen or the lamest trap .
so were looking for a place that has a garden huh ?
not just any garden , one that eden would consider to be his own .
garden graves a place where government officials used to take captors during war time to slaughter them .
after those three months , the governments agenda switched gears and the garden grave operation was abandoned .
no one except for top brass know what garden graves true agenda was for and now , with them killed by the hands of my brother , edens the only one left with that information .
he s at garden grave , that s all i know .
` ` we already know he s in garden grave .
not only did the military forget about these treasures , they also wanted nothing to do with garden grave .
i smiled and walked with the boys down the hill towards garden grave .
sometimes he appeared out of focus at the rear of a kitchen , behind a mother and child ; sometimes he appeared seated on a porch swing , legs crossed , with two young children in the foreground , working in the garden .
he was stooped over , apparently tending the garden .
that filthy garden boy who ruined everything .
it is a material made out of three inches of soft carbon nanofoam , which can be painted for habitation , or can act as a giant vegetable garden allowing plant growth on it .
the sinclair family found a nice small house in the country with an acre of garden .
the only interest she had , apart from helping her parents tend the garden on weekends , was the small aircraft that flew overhead from a local airfield .
in the canvas swing chair , she watched while her father barbequed or mowed the lush lawn , and her mother tended the full rose garden or large vegetable garden , her only passions .
in the canvas swing chair , she watched while her father barbequed or mowed the lush lawn , and her mother tended the full rose garden or large vegetable garden , her only passions .
replied her mother handing maggie a plate of steaming food , mostly grown in their garden .
inside , the rooms in the middle of the hangar looked like the garden section of a home depot ; trees , shrubs and vines grew everywhere in unsealed units , lighted by growing lamps .
this middle section of our new home is for our gardens and storage .
they were told that here potato , onions , garlic and several other important vegetables , as well as a couple of grain crops for animal feed and a small herb garden , could be grown on all the six walls .
often she lay on the hammock in the garden during the summer nights watching for meteors .
mercedes sets out for monsieur maximillien morrels little house on the rue meslay , but she only finds his sister julie and julies husband , emmanuel , at home working in their small garden .
as she guides mercedes through the garden and to the gate , mercedes comments , your garden is lovely so filled with beauty and color .
as she guides mercedes through the garden and to the gate , mercedes comments , your garden is lovely so filled with beauty and color .
my second and most hideous crime was to bury my newly - born son alive in the garden downstairs ; his ghost grew into a young man to haunt me at trial .
i dig every day in that cursed garden , but i can not find his remains .
otherwise , you will spend the rest of your life digging up the garden in the courtyard and scribbling out your crimes in these imaginary indictments .
you need not dig anymore in the garden , because the illegitimate son you sired with the baroness danglars did not die , as you thought .
it was in perugia , on the day of corpus christi , in the garden of hostery of the post , that chance brought us together ; your wife , your daughter mademoiselle valentine , and your dearly departed son , douard .
this must be the same feeling adam felt when first seeing eve in the garden of eden .
but that constant trickle would be enough to sustain a family , animals and even water a garden .
well use the garden shed .
they wasted no time in dumping the kayak and heading into the garden shed .
as he approached the house he noticed a clothes line , a tiny shed that appeared to be only large enough to stand in , a wooden barrel and a small , un - kept garden .
an impressive garden took up most of it and appeared to be freshly manicured with rows plowed into it .
` ` that you could help hanna with the garden tomorrow while priscilla and i work on the items we need to fix up the sod house .
` ` i suppose you 'd be pretty valuable around here if you learned every angle of this farm and that garden is just as important as our cows and fields .
you 're going to be doing a lot of bending and squatting today in the garden , so these might suit you better .
it did n't frost , though which makes me confident that we can start planting the garden today . ''
she brought him out to the freshly plowed garden and kneeled down next to a basket .
she took one packet from the basket and moved to the far north side of the garden .
since the fields are planted , the garden is done and the wood is replenished , what do we do now ?
the fields were coming up nicely and the garden was flourishing .
have you ever had a bean straight from the garden ?
if i came back , it would be for leisure and i d want to bring the missus , but she has so much to do tending the garden and meals , we just would nt be able to get away .
i ve spent a lot of time with priscilla , picking the garden and berry hunting .
` ` we could tackle that in the spring before the garden and fields have to be plowed . ''
with gardens and crops going in , the town preparing their land and just the hustle and bustle of the spring , i was thinking that the wedding should be postponed a month or two .
i want a covered front porch facing this way and we can use those two trees over there to tie a rope for the wash and over here , my garden .
` ` for the bloom of the garden . ''
his favorite table at miss mollys inn overlooks an enormous hedge and flower garden .
the family had not even put the garden in yet with fear that they would not survive if rimed .
the attractiveness of it all was minimal compared to the landscape of the garden , however .
she was in the garden , grabbing weeds that were growing everywhere .
the girls mother said , leaving the garden , throwing her skin gloves on the ground .
a beautiful garden made a connection between the house and the little park .
this garden had a fence made of stone , very beautiful worked .
from the garden , it could reach the mentioned little park , only if it took the marble white stair .
the little park was beautiful arranged , composed by so many plants , looking alike more with a botanic garden , and by tall trees which they were the one who was shading everything , hiding the plants from the heavy summer sun .
of course that she did nt forget about the kristall picture , and therefore she ran in her little garden from the backyard , where the blue flowers were waiting .
as far as she remembers , last time she was in the small garden of flowers , and now she was in her bed dressed in her pajamas .
she lowered to the down floor , then exit in the main courtyard , wanting to go straight to the flowers garden .
maybe was better to forget the idea of the wheel turning to her life with goodness , because since when he plant the flower in the backyard garden , only trouble came over her .
silbra dal nodded and pulled her cloak tight against the cool drizzle and they set off through abbey gardens and down along turnbury street to the old cathedral .
* * * nuneaton mrs goddard removed her carpet slippers , the ones she seemed to live in , and shuffled one foot into a scuffed garden clog .
* * * nuneaton no , its no good , its got ta go , son , goddards dad was looking up the garden .
claire tracked josh down in the garden where he looked like he was practising slow rave dancing .
there s a garden centre just down the road .
they walked past the cornfields and gardens still being tended by women and children .
table of contents part i : the story of the lizards children chapter 1 : her children chapter 2 : almost learning to swim chapter 3 : the glass butterfly chapter 4 : cheating the cat chapter 5 : the black widow chapter 6 : the waggle dancers chapter 7 : the changing seasons chapter 8 : noah 's worst day chapter 9 : nora 's garden chapter 10 : the traveler chapter 11 : the blue chest wars chapter 12 : hailey meets the mouse chapter 13 : mariposa and the search uphill chapter 14 : the recovery chapter 15 : leaving noras garden chapter 16 : rallying the troops chapter 17 : the hairy spider in the pyramid chapter 18 : the battle for freedom chapter 19 : the return home part ii : hagador 's orchard chapter 20 : taking hailey home chapter 21 : from the highlands of the yucatan chapter 22 : the orchard chapter 23 : the return of cuella chapter 24 : daniel moves on chapter 25 : glider the hawk chapter 26 : daniel finds his friends chapter 27 : miguel returns to corona chapter 28 : mariposa to the rescue chapter 29 : friends in need chapter 30 : captured chapter 31 : hailey 's family chapter 32 : the ground squirrels chapter 33 : fate chapter 34 : the escape chapter 35 : daniel 's tale part i : the story of the lizards children chapter 1 : her children good night , momma .
table of contents part i : the story of the lizards children chapter 1 : her children chapter 2 : almost learning to swim chapter 3 : the glass butterfly chapter 4 : cheating the cat chapter 5 : the black widow chapter 6 : the waggle dancers chapter 7 : the changing seasons chapter 8 : noah 's worst day chapter 9 : nora 's garden chapter 10 : the traveler chapter 11 : the blue chest wars chapter 12 : hailey meets the mouse chapter 13 : mariposa and the search uphill chapter 14 : the recovery chapter 15 : leaving noras garden chapter 16 : rallying the troops chapter 17 : the hairy spider in the pyramid chapter 18 : the battle for freedom chapter 19 : the return home part ii : hagador 's orchard chapter 20 : taking hailey home chapter 21 : from the highlands of the yucatan chapter 22 : the orchard chapter 23 : the return of cuella chapter 24 : daniel moves on chapter 25 : glider the hawk chapter 26 : daniel finds his friends chapter 27 : miguel returns to corona chapter 28 : mariposa to the rescue chapter 29 : friends in need chapter 30 : captured chapter 31 : hailey 's family chapter 32 : the ground squirrels chapter 33 : fate chapter 34 : the escape chapter 35 : daniel 's tale part i : the story of the lizards children chapter 1 : her children good night , momma .
the next yard to the north looked like a canyon that widened at its mouth into a large garden .
noah ran down the face of the fence and into the place the neighborhood called noras garden .
other garden inhabitants heard the commotion and stopped to watch .
all were ravaged in some way before they had come to this garden .
the garden was a patchwork of many micro - environments .
nora had created an environment in her backyard garden for each of the little creatures shed saved , selected because they were indigenous to the southern california desert and mountain environment .
he remembered the garden he d left a month ago .
the trip back to noras garden is not far .
after blocking the opening into the den with a wall of sand , hailey ran into the underbrush to the north towards noras garden .
the yard was noras garden .
on the other side was noras garden .
he knew if he could get back to the garden to his friends he had a chance to live .
chapter 15 : leaving noras garden bump kept noah well fed with crickets and within a week noah was healthier than before the start of the blue belly wars .
nora released the lizards back into the garden soon after noah started to spar with bump for food .
noah continued to hone his fighting skills once loosed in the garden even as he renewed his old friendships .
his presence allowed noah to learn some things about hairy tarantula spiders fighting techniques while he wandered restless each day in the garden .
noah contemplated his surroundings in the protective garden for several minutes .
within this fenced garden , he thought , i could live forever and never really test the potential of my life .
i ve been given a second chance to become more than the confines of the garden will ever allow me .
his energy level was so far above the other garden inhabitants he was not meant to stay any longer .
strong fighter in garden , he said .
all the animals had come to know the place as the garden .
this is my fockin garden that yo standin in , that s who the fock i am !
and there was the garden of eden with its bright sun , blue skies and trees bearing various different fruits .
you must see my garden ; the azaleas are wonderful this time of year .
chatsworth house sculpture gardens ?
i ' ve got to go over to the garden center and grab a bag of sunflower seeds .
ted and melody had reached the entrance to the garden department .
the garden center was a wide , open - air space .
the silence in the garden department was broken only by the chatter of the many small birds that roosted on the steel beams just under the roof .
how many times have i been in this garden center and i never even noticed that bitch was in here ?
i was small enough to go down the hole , so i would fill buckets with the dirt and my dad hauled it up with a rope and spread it in the garden .
it certainly did make the veggies in the garden grow like crazy !
teddy was working in the garden and was bitten .
when maefin had arranged a cup of tea for everybody , the group sat around a table in the garden .
going to her garden , she sounded the alarm .
they carried sticks , pitchforks , garden rakes and anything else they could lay their hands on to help defend their homeland .
phyllis handled the garden club news along with operating her diabolical machine .
i m sure when we were kids our parents chucked us out in the garden and left us to it .
sometimes mummy sunbathes without her top on in the garden .
claire read a tiny sign declaring , keep off grass , guard ducks patrol this garden , survivors will be prosecuted , and laughed out loud .
build an easter garden .
never mind how were going to grow an easter garden and carry it around in a skoda .
not the garden , not the garden , not the garden .
not the garden , not the garden , not the garden .
not the garden , not the garden , not the garden .
in these spaces green lawns and flower - filled gardens brightened the landscape .
out in the palace gardens , said tayanna .
people in strange clothes were sweeping the cobblestones and tending the gardens .
at the top of this area , which was covered in flowery gardens , sculptured shrubs , gentle waterfalls and gravelled paths , stood the palace that matilda had seen in the crystal ball .
in the corridor matilda met a soldier who told her that jia was in the garden at the rear of the palace .
or he could put on a pedestal in the garden pond and used as a fountain , laughed another .
he could be used as a scarecrow in the palace gardens , suggested another guard .
courtiers lined the walls to the left and right , looking like bright flowers brought in from the gardens outside .
the ladies certainly wore a wide enough variety of scents to be mistaken for a flower garden , he thought .
the right hand wall was set with three floor - to - ceiling windows , which were open on the bottom to let in light , as well as the sweetly scented summer breeze from the garden outside .
outside in the garden , aislynn stretched out her legs , easing out of the cramped position she had spent most of the afternoon in .
when an examination of the meeting room had revealed nowhere for her to hide , she had sought refuge in the garden , where she could observe through the open windows .
if they could make it to the garden , durham knew that the way should be clear to the back wall of the castle , where they should be able to escape out into the fields beyond .
he glanced around the garden , which was overgrown and obviously not well cared for , but there was nt any real cover between where he stood and where he wanted to be .
they chatted about inconsequential things , like a couple strolling through a garden on a sunny afternoon .
she was surprised to find that they emerged into a small , enclosed garden .
this used to be my mothers garden , he explained .
i know that this is officially the queens garden , and i know that you are not the queen and have not agreed to be .
she could feel how important this was to him , and by sharing the garden , he was sharing a part of himself that he likely had never shared with anyone else .
she did nt want to hurt him , and she did love the garden .
these carefully place roses , all very short stemmed , were touching each other creating an illusion of a living garden as a headdress .
after a few lessons the children could fashion suitable sturdy knives for the occasion so aunt nanzy finally broke down and said , now children , please let me borrow your knives for my garden club !
the devil began with his narration : long ago there was a man named noah and he was instructed to gather a pair of one male and one female of each animal that was ever present under heaven and on the earth such as all those named in the garden of eden .
part 5 : blasphemous and i saw a woman sitting on a scarlet beast which was full of names of blasphemy , many years later when scarborough was out in the garden of eden she went to the tree of knowledge and picked an apple from it just to feed to her horse , go .
she could hardly remember the garden of eden or the apple she fed to go that she talked to once upon a time .
she wandered into the rose garden that filled the courtyard outside the orangery .
with a shiver , claire took a couple of photos , then turned and went back through the restaurant to wander in the sculpture garden .
she checked her phone and was shocked to see she had been in the garden over an hour .
despite studying the arts at university , sculpture was nt really her thing , so she was surprised at how peaceful the garden had seemed .
overlooking the balcony was a wide , marvelous garden .
the garden was wonderful .
the castle that we visited and the portraits on the wall , even the garden itself .
she was in the midst of a beautiful garden .
am i at your palace garden ?
sofia made a face and said , this garden was beautiful , was nt it ?
t - the garden was beautiful .
somehow , that did not set well with him , even though they grew almost all they needed in the gardens and vineyards of the rancho .
early in the morning he made his way out into the kitchen garden and sat on a stone bench , listening to the birds and watching the sunrise activities of the few remaining mission indians .
after watching clint try to negotiate some stairs on his unsteady legs , the padre suggested they climb the hill behind the mission to see the vineyards and main gardens another day .
she played with john , her teddy in tow sitting on the lawn of the stanton home garden among the roses .
chapter twelve it was another fine morning the following day , before the sun rise jodi gazed out her bay window over the sea , she was drawn to a walk along the shoreline , up the rise from the beach to the north and along the top of the cliff face among the parks and gardens to sheppard 's hill lookout .
wherever she went hurst was only metres away , during an afternoon walk in the extensive garden far out of sight of any other dwelling other than the castle like building on the grounds , she confronted hurst .
the party balcony , a big balcony on the fourth floor of magnolia boarding school with a view of the garden was overfilled .
her mums next door neighbour had a table at the bottom of the garden where she left meat for the kites .
claire held the phone to her ear and looked around the tiny courtyard garden , trying to work out who would be calling her .
looking round the raised beds and red brick walls of the hostel garden , she tried to imagine temperate rainforest and endless desert .
he brought merri li to a secluded garden and waited for the vampire to arrive which vampire ?
okay , so yang lured merri li into the garden and the assassin vampire snuck up behind her hold on .
but right now his engine , the one that he cared for and maintained as a gardener would their garden , was quiet .
so i thought of sneaking out of the back garden and leaving through the back gate .
mostly because there is a very beautiful garden behind the cafeteria which makes us feels very relaxing and is the best spot for all the cute love bird to hang out and flirt and do their thing .
i felt so safe this holiday with such a good aunt and not just because she a lovely aunty also because she is my best friend aunt as we walked through the gates of their house , there was a huge garden one side full of mind blowing beautiful flowers grown .
there were uncountable different types of roses and daffodils and many other types of flowers in that garden and in the other side was a lake with a wood bribe parting it from the middle , which full of lovely fishes that beautified the whole garden .
there were uncountable different types of roses and daffodils and many other types of flowers in that garden and in the other side was a lake with a wood bribe parting it from the middle , which full of lovely fishes that beautified the whole garden .
there were vases of flowered plucked from their own garden kept on every conner of the house that took our breath away .
on the first was a well - kept garden complete with a grape trellis , fountains , and a dining area .
he grew most of his own food in a small garden and hunted game in the forest .
he dragged himself to the kitchen where he chopped up some leafy greens from the garden and blended them with freshly - pressed juice and raw eggs .
after his bath thorn chopped some onions from the garden and fried them up with the potatoes he d gotten from crooked crag .
see , its become very fashionable among the elite to have lavish indoor gardens , and those gardens require quite a lot of water .
see , its become very fashionable among the elite to have lavish indoor gardens , and those gardens require quite a lot of water .
thorn passed the len dietrich public gardens , the len dietrich public library , the len dietrich gallery of arts , the len dietrich public sanitation services , the len dietrich sporting arena , and the len dietrich amphitheater for the performing arts .
he finally found len dietrich way as it cut through the len dietrich public gardens in a sweeping curve that led to a single building .
around the fountain grew a well - tended garden with lots of flowering plants .
the king 's palace stood majestically on the bank , four turrets along the front and back with a green lawn and colorful gardens beside it .
` ` i want to have it in the garden at the house .
the garden in the back was covered with snow .
he led her to the back of the house where the garden was located .
he walked through into a garden of roses heady with scent .
i was admiring your rose garden as i came in , seor .
these are adam and eve before the fall , he declared , walking in the garden of eden , naked and not ashamed .
columbus went to his grave thinking he had discovered china and the earthly paradise , the garden of eden .
the castle on walspergers map is the city of xanadu , a pleasure dome , or garden of earthly delights .
on maundy thursday , the fleet arrived off an island not as high as humanhom , which was the native name for new providence , but also with palm trees , sandy beaches and water so clear that gardens of bright coral could be seen on the bottom , with shoals of exotic fish .
his name was sultan bolkiah but he was called hajji siripada because he had made the pilgrimage to mecca and had visited sri pada , which is adams foot on the mountain called adams peak in the land called serendib , which is the land of the garden of eden .
and there it was , sitting all alone in the dark , nondescript , innocent , fragile - looking , like a flat - pack cabin you might buy from a home and garden superstore .
he still did hard fitness training , keeping up the boxing classes and hitting the climbing apparatus in his back garden daily , but lately his only outlet for his energy had been what he was doing now , fucking strangers .
jacky had pleaded with his family for money , and soon he and james were taking more and more time off from studying books to visit all the places they d been obsessed by : the pyramids of giza , the remains of the hanging gardens of babylon , the palace at knossos , many others .
the hanging gardens of babylon appealed to him and he promised himself he would find the truth about this wonder of the technological world .
the money was for a large vegetable garden and irrigation system .
` ` he 's even suggested that we run a power line into his boat house , and connect to his garden hose for fresh water . ''
no way - a swimming pool , jordan screamed as mitch opened the patio door to the rear garden .
they made it to the gardens quickly enough and gathered a few fresh foods .
a large garden and the game he brought in subsidized their dinner table .
he let her out the small window onto the back garden , where she meowed a time , looking in forlornly .
at the bottom of the garden where wild grass met towering trees he tripped over a log , falling face first into a patch of nettles .
in shifting shadows at the bottom of the garden tiny droplets of rain moved slowly against the wind .
there she spied on the strange water creatures that had waited in shadows at the bottom of the garden every night that week .
bright orange sunlight sneaked over the forest , drizzling red ribbons across the garden .
when an older spirit greeted her they both dashed into the back garden and started digging furiously .
he could nt stay long today because he d agreed to help mum in the garden .
* * * two claire stepped out into the roof - top garden and gasped as the air hit her like a wet flannel .
realising immediately what had to be done i took flight via the back door , stumbling through the heavy cold night air to the outside toilet at the bottom of the garden , which was the fashion at the time .
briefly i even considered using the garden incognito for this purpose , but that would have presented its own set of problems , especially under cover of night .
for as father so sagely pointed out with much amusement if the accused be found guilty as charged , then it was only a short walk for the condemned man to be led into the garden directly to the hangmans noose , with the minimum of fuss .
imagine my surprise on passing the safety of our garden gate and being unceremoniously bowled over from behind by the postman riding a heavy framed bicycle .
he looked like a garden gnome , though i d swear he wore a mask .
outside the brilliant moon crested the tops of the olive tree in the garden .
twas no ordinary garden ornament for sure .
a dramatic example of very early american wooden homes , it boasted an open plan garden , complete with fully functional water wheel attached to the northern side .
strange noises drifted from the garden .
to my left lay a small garden , bordered by thick bushes .
seconds later a commanding female presence stood at the garden entrance , peering in .
drawn westwards i swept through immaculate gardens , brimming with rainbows of colour and misty forms of folk i d known when young .
edward , sometimes when the full moon hung high in the heavens and a faint shooting star trailed across our endless sky , i d wake breathlessly from a wild dream , a faint flutter in my heart , imagining owls hooting in the trees was the misguided young fellow messing around with vegetables in the garden , or allow myself some comfort for a mere minute or two that noises in the misty meadow yonder were tiny little footsteps picking up the scent of catnip in an inexplicable effort to attract all cats in the area .
although lined with vending machines , a few more seconds of walking revealed a street lined with not only vending machines but glass walled buildings , stones arranged in miniature zen gardens , fake wood poles made of concrete that lined what seemed to be a park built on a sand pit , side streets no wider than driveways and an overhanging vineyard of ugly electricity wires supported by uniform concrete poles extending to the horizon .
people here had given up on their gardens as even weeds struggled to grow .
barbara hoisted katherines bag as amy ran with mother and daughter along the street of dead gardens , boarded windows and clapped out cars .
that nights gig at covent gardens rock garden would nt take much to fill .
i did but , richard said smiling , two days of record sales without a heavily funded promotion the band dined with richard before collecting the van and driving to covent garden .
i mean we sold out the rock garden last night .
she did nt stop running until she reached the edge of the garden .
i went for a walk in the garden , she explained .
the garden ?
i was out walking in the garden , she replied , trying to step backwards up the staircase towards the refuge of her room .
he turned to anne , now , if you re finished , miss cormac , i would be most grateful if you would show me about the garden .
your garden is quite unique .
no , it was nt , he laughed as he turned and started walking further into the garden .
good day , captain , she muttered , turning her chin up and looking him in the face for the first time since their walk in the garden .
well , after you came to visit , i thought a lot about our walk in the garden .
whenever she heard him talk like that it reminded her of when he read her poetry in the garden .
i thought perhaps you had risen early and gone for a walk in the garden .
part of claires brain marvelled at her casual ease , as if she were walking across a garden rather than plummeting at 200 km an hour through the sky .
staring at christchurch out the window , part of claires brain regretted not having time to explore the garden city .
chapter seven delphi and raven are in the gardens surrounding the chateau , picking flowers .
from the grand control consoles to the dying garden .
others wielded , axes , battery - operated hedge trimmers and multi - spiked garden cultivators against innocent citizens as if they were militant invaders .
men and women in green and white suits and perspex helmets dashed between gardens and garages , emptying bins , probing under bushes , reaching beneath parked cars and dropping samples into plastic bags .
on the front garden of number 28 , an enormous sheet of white plastic was being pulled towards the house .
the house stood at the end house of a fine terrace of modern brick homes , each one fronted by neat a hedge and garden .
as the home had been built on a gentle incline , the cellar kitchen door opened at ground level onto the back garden and this was to be their only access to the outside world until they locked themselves away completely .
' you do nt go past the garden fence again .
the usual small army of garden staff was gone .
even though he was free , he had nowhere else to go and had stayed hidden in the garden .
the subaru driver screamed his engine and drove his gold alloy wheels on to the edge of the garden and squeezed in alongside the vw .
whilst morris and monica were sitting in their small back garden , sipping tea and wine respectively , elvis had sneaked upstairs to secretly play with morris 's vintage hornby train set .
the rear garden that had been filled with fruit trees and vegetable plots was now a small square lawn bordered by overgrown shrubs with a washing line through the centre .
the two policemen followed their torch beams into the garden of number 28 .
he parted the curtains and was met by the sight of two police cars parked outside his house and torches flashing around his garden .
' this is my garden , my house , my austin allegro .
the road was busy but everyone was too concerned with their own business to bother about what was happening in his garden .
was that really his mother on all fours weeding in the garden ?
' this year this garden will bloom , you watch elvis .
alan cut through gardens and then across a wooded park .
alan pointed at a semi - detached house with a driveway that disappeared into a dark garden .
he grabbed it and ran to the edge of the garden .
she found the pack of cigarettes from the front garden and chopped them to pieces before she had time to smoke them .
he scoured the attic , searched his room and the rest of the house , he looked up the chimneys , dug holes in the garden .
it was summer again and monica was lying in the garden studying for her open university examination .
i say improved nutrition because gardens were ubiquitous .
giddeon and i wandered about for the better part of two hours while passing gardens , living quarters , restaurants and gymnasiums .
she imagined what it would be like coming with sky ; constantly worrying that the girl might have disappeared into the gardens or fallen down the stairs .
the hostel remained silent as she let herself out and into the tropical gardens of the national trust property .
the police in england went to teddy and beryls cottage in the cotswolds and found teddy and jenny in a large workshop at the bottom of their garden , trying to clear out the incriminating evidence , but there was just too much of it .
pulling into the front garden of a mid - terrace town house he sheepishly admitted that he had gotten lost on his trial run and thought the university was farther away than it was .
out back the small garden had been concreted over to allow bikes and such to be safely stored and it was heaven .
she knew that i had suspected something was amiss and asked me if i would like to come and sit out in the garden .
we traipsed through the house to the front porch and found mum sitting there looking out over her garden , her eyes looking slightly swollen and red .
we stood and made ready to leave , knowing that any pleasant chat about the weather and mums garden was out of the question now , and both of us wanting to go somewhere to discuss this unexpected turn of events .
apple tree cottage was as cute and pretty as its name , small with whitewashed walls and a brick path winding its way through a garden stuffed with roses , forget - me - knots , violas , petunias , and every kind of colourful flower that makes up a classic english cottage garden .
apple tree cottage was as cute and pretty as its name , small with whitewashed walls and a brick path winding its way through a garden stuffed with roses , forget - me - knots , violas , petunias , and every kind of colourful flower that makes up a classic english cottage garden .
just as we reached the little gate to the lane , tara told him how much she admired the old apple trees around his garden .
we had had a lovely lunch and as it was a warm summers day , decided to sit out in the garden .
she was up to her eyes in weeding the flowerbeds around the edge of the garden , and jumped when we called a greeting from the house .
it was cool and dark at the rear , but the sun streamed through the front section that opened to a manicured lawn , beyond which , a very english looking garden could be seen .
chapter twenty one - more secrets the morning came early on the farm and i was roused just before the sun came up by the sounds of life in the house and out in the garden .
taras head nearly swivelled from her shoulders as she turned from looking out over the garden to stare directly at katie .
it reminded me of when were just kids and had slept out in a tent in the garden .
the answer , of course , was back at the garden of eden eating strawberries .
` ` ah yes , '' he rambled , ` ` the garden of crime needs constant weeding ... and i ' m the fertilizer ... report , beaumont : what 's the status of the maxwell grant ... ?
behind the hostel the gardens stretched down the hillside .
i ' m guessing the lost gardens of heligan are n't going to be your cup of tea .
it was just a normal garden shed , just big enough to fit their bikes , a lawnmower and the other things dad kept for the garden that he was nt allowed to play with .
it was just a normal garden shed , just big enough to fit their bikes , a lawnmower and the other things dad kept for the garden that he was nt allowed to play with .
by the time he came home he was miserable and went straight out into the garden .
get out of my garden now .
that evening he stood in the cold back garden staring at the open shed .
he ran home after school and picked up his poker and went straight out into the garden , he peeked into the study first , but his dad was busy with three or four books on his desk .
and then they were in the garden again .
we come from earth , a portal opened in our garden .
i should have gone to kims house ; at least i could have chatted with her mother or hidden in the garden .
* * * eighteen claire rested her head against the back of the wooden garden seat and gazed at the sky .
from here it was easy to imagine the rest of the world had dropped away , leaving only a tiny walled garden and the endless azure heavens .
timothy led her through a large social room full of faded sofas and long benches , with patio doors that opened onto the garden , until they came to the kitchen .
i was to meet with him at his home in the garden district the day after my arrival .
just enough for a caf - au - lait at caf du monde and then off to the garden district to meet with gaudreaux at one .
the brochure explained that one would take me right up st . charles avenue to where the garden district was located .
once on board the streetcar , i had a chance to further explore the brochure 's brief description of the garden district .
i had once read these plants were a favorite in southern gardens because they grew virtually pest free and produced striking red - orange blooms lasting from spring through early fall .
` ` and so you flew to paris because of this letter and because you felt this marquise could tell you something about it , '' patrick concluded while we were having croissant sandwiches at a small outdoor caf in the tuileries , the gardens adjacent to the louvre .
i had plenty of time to kill so i took the streetcar again up to the garden district .
his face tightened up and i had seen that strained look only once before , in his garden district mansion when he needed his pills , his heart pills .
i have missed seeing you so terribly , your sunday afternoon visits here at my humble country house , our walks together through my fruit and flower gardens and our long , intimate conversations beneath the oaks and magnolia trees .
always thought you should be locked in a hutch at the bottom of the garden .
there was a garden in the east , to the rear of the castle , filled with gorgeous plants and flowers .
they arrived at a large white stone set in the floor in the center of the garden .
` ` it looks out of place here in the garden . ''
past the garden was a cluster of ponds , pink and blue water lilies gracing their surface .
he had a bird 's eye view of the entire plateau now ; the castle , the citadel , the gardens , the dancing pools , and beyond .
she and cassia were walking the opposite way towards the indoor gardens the palace was famous for .
on the right a three story house sat well back from the road across a long lawn , its estate grounds decorated with small hedged gardens and multiple bird feeders attached to trees and hanging on wires or set on poles .
to the right was the farm house with its outbuildings and the old box gardens .
like rotten soil in your garden , said maggie .
he also helped me plan and grow my flower gardens .
the brick walk through the garden and down to the river was pretty at that time of evening .
after adam and eve blew the deal in the garden , we all became slaves , each in our own way , and were not likely to love whoever we think are our slave masters .
brian osullivan chapter one : defence of rth bldhma as ever , when winter showed signs of releasing its grip on the land , bodhmhall was to be found to the north of rth bldhma , overseeing the work being carried out on her lubgort [ vegetable garden ] .
the produce of her garden an annual bounty of herbs , onions , carrots , parsnips and other vegetables was of reliable consistency and quality .
standing with hands on her hips , she considered the garden as she planned out the next stages of work .
these , she knew , were the secret of her gardens success , the powerhouse that converted the base organic matter to a bountiful food source .
bodhmhall pushed such dark memories away , buried them deep within the soil of her garden .
reverting to one of her tried and trusted methods , she knelt and started to clear some weeds , intending to submerge her anxiety , once more , in the soothing routine of her garden .
close by , bent over the vegetable garden , cnn worked with quiet industry .
gardens and animals to tend , wood to gather , grain to grind , wool to spin and weave , things to fix and mend and as it was situated on the coast , fishing was an important activity for many of the men and boys of the village .
the steading consisted of five main households with their own gardens and animals ; a barrack type building where the jarls bachelor warriors slept and the hall where the jarls family resided .
eventually they reached the edge of the settlement and skirting around a flourishing vegetable garden hakon indicated that sarah should lead them to the building that the children were being held in .
back to toc + + + discover other titles by kevin l. o'brien : available on smashwords - https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / biochemborg a fidus aranea , adventurer 's honeymoon , barbarians r us , the beast of exmoor , the christmas vampires , dark vengeance , a deliberation of morality , the denver walker , desperate acts , disposable commodities , do unto others , far - sight , feline savior , felis ex machina , fun ' n ' games , the golden mushroom , gourmand hag , gratuitous crossover , gruff tolls , immanuel , in an octopus 's garden , inseparable , jigsaw dragon , the lions of inganok , man friday , masie 's mind , no torrent like greed , oak do hate , one - percenter vendetta , the peril gem , post - traumatic redemption , the price of folly , pride and fall , pyrrhic victory , redshirt , rhapsody in orange , the road to hell , sacrificial offering , shenanigans , the steel gazelle , the surrogate , survival & sacrifice , the temple of ubasti , a typical friday night enjoy these other titles at fine ebook retailers everywhere .
they made their way through the manor to the ground floor , then out into the back garden .
at the far end of the garden , before they reached the surrounding security fence , a path that should n't have been there led to an opening in the ground surrounded by rose bushes .
he jerked his head back in the general direction of the garden .
he followed them past a grove of trees where he found several female sprites tending a garden .
he tended the gardens in rhykell and learned to grow his own .
alexander built a massive spit and used magic to rotate it continuously ; thereby freeing his hands to season the hippo with his private collection of ancient spices grown from the gardens of atlantis .
the gardens were ingeniously arranged to provide varied foods : fruits and berries , roots and grains , stalks and vines dripping with fat pods .
on occasion , destiny joined them in the garden or invited them for tea .
she weaved through the garden , delicately running her fingertips over rose petals as she went .
beyond the garden a dark form skimmed the treetops .
she has gone inside the house , and he is walking through the flower garden .
juan - carlos spent a long time in the flower garden .
i want you to go out and help me in the vegetable garden tomorrow .
he s waiting for you to help him in the garden .
weed the gardens her father answered .
i know how to make beds , clean dishes , and even weed gardens .
lets start right here , weeding the flower garden .
weeding , elma pointed to her flower garden .
i m afraid my garden gloves are too big for you angie , but you can wear them if you d like .
angie had been working in the garden for a little more than an hour when she heard a familiar voice beside her .
angie answered as she went back to weeding elmas garden , irritated that pearl was standing there .
vegetables in the garden , flowers in the window boxes , and the neighbors cat on their front porch .
her garden is the most beautiful around .
in several places the plumes of fire had breeched the roof , dotting the rooftop like hell 's own flower garden .
brad followed the driveway past the barn and with the big new england farm house on his right , went down the gentle slope to the creek bottom where the french family had their acre of vegetable garden .
anyway , it did n't matter , his mind was on the possibility of shooting the fat woodchuck who had taken up residence in the french 's huge garden .
carefully , brad kept the newly painted garden shed between himself and the rows of vegetables .
he set each foot down deliberately , quietly stalking closer towards the garden and its elusive resident .
when he reached the corner of the freshly painted white garden shed he turned towards the big white farm house which stood only fifty or so feet away .
he turned back towards the garden .
his spring - toothed steel rake collided with the old phony spinning wheel that the previous owners had left sitting in the rock garden .
it only took them about two minutes to disperse parts and pieces of the spinning wheel about the rock garden .
brad did n't see his mother watering her plants in front of the living room windows and he had no idea that she saw her precious spinning wheel pieces being scattered throughout the garden .
it was too murky to say whether it was an open landscape or just a garden behind a house .
finally , he saw her coming from the direction of saski garden , which was one street further and he smiled .
they went to the end of canaletto street , they turned right into niecala street and did a lap in saski garden .
they ran up to traugutta park and came along anders street back to saski garden .
he came to saski garden where sebastian and mia were running a couple of times .
julian went to the saski garden and sat down on a bench .
zoological garden , main entrance , in two hours .
normally , it would take five , maximal ten minutes to reach the main entrance of warsaw zoological garden .
sixty years of work had created the reflection pond , formal gardens , along with an abundance of rice and cotton .
there had been a garden along the back of the castle .
some had spread beyond the original garden patch .
he took the other basin to the garden and filled it with vegetables and herbs .
he rented a room in the kew gardens district of queens .
and if people only knew just how pristine the neighborhood of kew gardens really was .
anyway , now that she was done with most of the stuff , she decided to take a break in the spacious and beautiful garden of the hareem .
next to the grounding peace of the garden , the serene tranquility of her library served as her favorite sanctuary .
however , the very moment he was on the verge of losing himself in his sinister thoughts once again , the light part of his soul supplied him with the image of nia sitting in her garden .
dave burrows peeked out his window at the dull lights of the giant plane in the distance ; he went into the garden and watched it lift off and vanish into the night .
rose scantily clad and smelling like a flower riddled garden in the lake district jumped out of her skin turning to see who it was holding her bosom with wide eyes .
she 's always been someone else for someone else , i ' ve wanted to look after her since i can first remember playing as a child in the gardens of england .
it was in the garden near some bushes not far behind the elfin oak , that asher saw his first bit of magic .
and then pan gave jim a gift in kensington gardens .
these crowds will stay fresh ; in the meanwhile let us fly west to see what is happening near that old hotspot kensington gardens .
forty years had passed since he d seen the other world , but he knew this place , oh yes , asher had no problem recognizing kensington bloody gardens .
in the cover of darkness he led michael and two other grimy pirates off the ship and through the gardens .
in the gardens the pirates were defending the jolly roger from lost boys and mesquites .
in a blinding flash and an explosion of colossal dimensions , the mountain rose in the midst of kensington gardens ; flora and fauna of the gardens melded with the vast fields of neverland .
there is a baby in kensington gardens whom i have touched with a smidgen of magic .
oh well , the snake shrugged , guess ill try the garden next door , and disappeared .
she wandered through the garden fence unlike gordon paul , the gaunt - faced grappler could hardly be called a veteran of the gamebe it the game of professional wrestling or the game of life itself .
a well - cropped kelp garden grew in the sunny patch and several brittle starfish and crabs fought territorial skirmishes over the shaded portion around it .
there are no flower boxes hanging on windows , or flower gardens behind picket fences .
we need to get supplies for planting the garden .
your real estate built in the vicinity of the landfill , but your promotion and advertising not to mention the real environment , lying to say full of gardens , clean air and no pollution .
i started after him into the garden , where we sat on a stone bench .
the vegetable garden was overgrown and looked more like a jungle , but a variety of vegetables could still be identified , making the best of it .
this particular morning found him wandering through what was left of the gardens and orchards around bert 's family home .
she even had her own young , female apprentice that she taught to nurture the small garden .
he closed his eyes and enjoyed the peacefulness of this forested garden .
he passed under the archway and into a large , terrace garden of exotic and custom built plants , flower , and treessome edible , some not .
the streams met in the center of the circular garden and formed a small pool where there sat a large , clear ball with a bright red crystal trapped inside .
around the garden was a wide assortment of different plants and trees , grown in a small garden that sat on different levels , one row slightly higher than the one below it .
around the garden was a wide assortment of different plants and trees , grown in a small garden that sat on different levels , one row slightly higher than the one below it .
there were also strange machines set up around the garden ; some watered the different stages , some were for communications , projections , holograms , and others were strange to esephris .
this stream feeds the plants of this garden .
not even this garden was here .
the water from this garden travels all the way down .
several such torches had been activated around the garden , casting a bright , light blue glow across the expanse .
then he left the garden , leading esephris towards the canyon stairs .
he found lisanne and rafull standing next to a small flower garden underneath one of the lights of the temple courtyard .
i met him at a large garden at the top .
his legs hurt and felt weak by the time he exited the canyon and entered the garden .
one moment he had been standing in the garden with ka , and now , in the blink of an eye , he found himself in a bland room made from white and brown stone .
toby mckendrick was sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of timothy forsyth , a hatton garden diamond merchant , whose mutilated body was found on new years day and identified from dental records .
slowly and surely , the garden was filling with dogs .
spike was still standing by the window , gazing out at a garden strewn with dead bats .
the son of a nobleman telling me that he wanted me to be his girl as we sat in the branches of the peach tree in the royal gardens , our faces covered in fruit juices .
herbie smirked and entered the garden .
the garden was full of long grasses and the decaying tree .
she stepped inside the garden and saw the iron ladder .
this is an herb garden ; they sell herbs to help you recover .
you should visit the herb garden , she loves newcomers !
go somewhere else , there s the herb garden down the street !
its from the herb garden ; the herb lady did some extra work inside it .
sunlight filled the room and outside was a wonderful garden filled with hundreds of colors and different flowers .
the garden is also open to you if you d like a walk .
soul looked back at the garden .
hiro and soul made it out the glass door and into the garden before they heard the doorbell .
the darkness was cast over the garden and soul saw crystal crier .
hiro did nt want soul going inside of them , but he knew shed follow either way , so he passed through the ruined garden and approached the house .
he crashed through the burned walls and shook himself before getting up and running back to the garden .
it was nt big structurally but the whole fenced property was a spacious lot filled with trees and a garden on vegetables .
he still had many more days of plowing to go before he could plant their spring garden .
after the garden was planted , he needed to fix that leak in the roof and maybe then shore up that earthen dam on the pond at the crest of the hill , his fatigue and mindless planning fell away from his shoulders like a forgotten cloak .
heres that garden area that was in the picture , maggie said as they neared a marker .
she would join leigh in the garden , the two dark - haired , darkly dressed young women walking close and talking quietly .
there was water needed for drinking , for bathing and for cleaning the kitchen , for watering the garden and for the small animals .
i think pat needs some things from the garden .
he s he s in the garden .
julie pressed ethans bleeding body close as greg was led away in cuffs and sharon squealed at her ruined garden .
she walked through the instant garden and touched the petals .
julie looked around at the garden just for her , and she fell to the roof with a set of new tears .
flower gardens circled between the drive and bush area while , to the right , farm buildings could be seen behind a white painted fence .
neatly cut lawns and a flower garden completed the scene .
a small fence covered in deep red climbing roses surrounded a small lawn , a well - kept vegetable garden and the cabin .
a brick pathway led to a veranda with boots , a wood box and row of garden tools placed in a neat row beneath an open window .
the garden had gone now with the roses transferred down to the bottom cottage and the gate left open so sheep could graze the small yard .
the house , a seventy year old character home , had already been repainted on the exterior and had had the kitchen renovated while the outside jungle of neglected trees and hedges had been trimmed , a new lawn sown and gardens in the process of being replanted .
a regular garden of edema , if you will . ''
when they arrived on the main floor , there was a huge garden in the middle , full of luxurious pine trees , and the pond .
titto halted , extending his arm on the side , stopping people from approaching the garden .
a little later tanya came over and said in a very soft voice , i have been to our garden .
she had started calling it their garden , a word that was used to describe a fertile meadow full of growing edible things .
a little later , tanya took dawn by her arm and the two went to look at their garden .
they both felt good , warmed through by the idea of doing such a novel thing as making a garden .
hearing the news , her face lit up and she would have liked to rush off to have a look , but they were a fair way from the cave and their little garden .
a little later , dawn waved to tanya and the two of them led chaiko to their garden .
chaiko did not suffer from a lack of imagination , but still it took him some time to translate this small patch of a garden into larger fields of grains and vegetables , capable of feeding perhaps even the entire clan .
chaiko then examined the garden more closely taking inventory .
it was a nice place , on the face of it : nice building , nice gardens , nice view .
a quick , visual search of the room revealed a little hand trowel , similar to what his grandmother used in her garden .
looks like an inside garden , joked chad when they saw it .
this may have been a garden , or perhaps a plaza .
at the end of the garden 3 .
` ` okay then , i want to see the garden .
every time you ' ve told me a story about you and your uncle , it 's always been in your garden .
he was sure there were a thousand different varieties in that garden .
out through the back door they ran and suddenly jack found himself in an enormous garden filled with all manner of flowers and vegetation .
then they zigzagged across the garden , dodging amongst flowers and shrubs .
they would scour the garden , crawling under every bush , climbing every tree .
jack glared across the table , but could nt help but laugh , enjoying the good - natured banter and once breakfast was finished and the two boys had helped emily with the clearing up , it was at last time to go out into the garden and explore .
in the perfect light of the day the huge garden was a wonderful sight .
` ` now tom , '' ira said in a serious tone , ` ` i want you to stay in the garden .
` ` i know you 're keen to look into every nook and cranny but keep to the garden . ''
always keep to the garden .
the garden was full of winding paths and tunnels through the shrubbery .
with this in mind , he stole off through some bushes searching for tom , who obviously believed he would never be found just because it was his garden and jack did n't know his way around yet .
after all , it was easy enough to do , even when you knew the garden well .
but whilst playing tom had found himself in a part of the garden he did nt recognise , a place he was certain he had never been before .
he 'd supposed that this must be the end of the garden , although he had never really known where it ended .
` ` i ... , '' tom muttered , fidgeting uneasily , ` ` i found a big tree at the end of the garden . ''
everything else in the garden was still and for some reason tom could n't quite explain , he felt just a little bit afraid .
the garden certainly was big , far bigger than he had ever imagined .
he had come to the end of the garden .
after looking everywhere that he could think of , tom began to search deeper into the garden , taking unfamiliar paths , desperation driving him on .
this part of the garden was bereft of flowers , only shrubs and patches of dense ivy growing beside it and then gazing upward he saw a great oak rising against the sky .
the further he ventured into the garden , the more certain he became that something terrible was happening .
in his own garden , the place he had known since he was a boy when his father had introduced him to its many secrets .
the garden was closing him out he realised , barring him from reaching the boys in time to warn them .
this is just the sort of place i expected to find in your garden '' .
turning toward jack , he looked past him and noticed for the first time that they were now level with the top of the hedge that ran all along the rear of the garden .
the long bough wound its way crookedly almost to the ground and peering out he saw that the vicinity below was quite similar to his own garden , a wide area of vegetation , thick with trees .
was he still in the garden ?
he knew that they lived in the countryside , woods and fields their natural habitat , but he had never seen one , not in all his days in his uncle 's garden .
the garden had tried to trick him , sending him the wrong way many times , but his will had been stronger than its wiles .
ira lay unconscious under the shadow of the great oak , his body beset by the raw wind which now roamed the garden , whipping the vegetation into a frenzy of motion .
how did the hedge at the end of his garden connect his world to this one ?
are you in the garden ?
` ` and how is my garden this fine day ? ''
` ` i wish we were back in your garden , '' jack whispered , a tremor in his voice .
passing beneath an archway of tall trees that leaned toward him on either side , jack stepped into a long garden covered with flourishing plants and flowers in full bloom , making him feel as if he were emerging from autumn into glorious summer .
a myriad fragrances assailed him as he walked quickly along a pathway that led through the centre of the garden , before coming upon a large willow tree , its branches hanging very low , long leaves brushing the ground .
` ` suit yourself , '' he responded with a sigh and made his way across a neatly kept garden toward a knot of trees .
before they had come upon the cottage they had passed through a tangled wood and tom could see now that at the end of the garden there was a narrow opening within the borderline of trees .
tom had somehow managed to escape from the house , discovering beyond an extended garden of flowers a small gateway in the outer wall that was thankfully unlocked , leading him out into the freedom of the surrounding meadows and woodland .
recovering himself only gradually , taking time to examine his surroundings , he saw that he was in a garden .
maybe he had missed them in the garden ?
he considered taking a risk and venturing further into the garden , but if they were out there then there was every chance he would miss them as they made their way back to the house , leaving him no better off than he already was .
desperation urged him onward and he was just about to run recklessly off down one of the many pathways that led into the deepest regions of the garden , when suddenly he saw them both emerge from a path obscured by a screen of fir trees , walking slowly toward the house .
two years had passed since he and jack had gone off to explore the garden and never returned .
he was aware distantly that he had entered an unknown place , far stranger , far more dangerous even than the one he had discovered when he had climbed the tree at the end of the garden .
end of the line mo wandered through a beautiful garden , isolated with his own reflections , memory conspiring to conjure demons within his soul .
mo pushed away from the stream , moving further into the green haven of the valley garden , and almost without thinking he found himself running , wishing only to escape the doubt that hounded him .
and each evening he would walk through the garden , his eyes drawn to the night sky , watching for the sign that he knew would come .
jenny is a year younger , no children and works for an orlando home and garden magazine , though she does nt own a garden or really know much about flora and fauna other than they exist .
jenny is a year younger , no children and works for an orlando home and garden magazine , though she does nt own a garden or really know much about flora and fauna other than they exist .
he is to be taken to the endless garden for his lifes deeds earned him a place where he loved forests and mountains brimmin with life .
the first group goes to the realm of peace , second to fields of rest , third belong to endless gardens and the last batch go to torment .
i m sorry ethan , but you can know with certainty that your mothers soul is in the endless gardens with your grandparents .
mary ann was the farm girl and had a vegetable garden .
earl had a few large garden patches that he grew just about everything .
a statue of the venus de milo was the focal point at the center of the garden with her lost arms miraculously recovered .
no flowering plants were introduced to the garden except for morning glories which the colonel insisted upon .
on the garden side of the wall , ivy had been planted with the intention of it covering the entire surface .
ferns that neither tony nor the colonel had planted , sprouted up in several places giving the garden something of a primordial aura .
tasha asked as she meandered through the garden gingerly caressing the leaves as if she were trying to communicate with them .
like dema she enjoyed the garden with the mind of a child as she swung care free .
they sat there a bit longer until a few other guests discovered the garden interrupted their sanctuary .
on a rustic weathered grey fence surrounding a small vegetable garden was , what appeared to be , a weeks washing of clothes .
al led the way to the field behind the church , where we followed a line of trees that marked the end of some peoples back gardens .
my mum had hosed me down in the garden before i was allowed in to take a shower , though you would nt have known looking at the gravy coloured water pooled in the bottom .
i set off and immediately found it harder than i was prepared for , the heavy sun beating down as i pushed the lawn mower around the uneven garden , from one rut to the next .
was the response i got , on leading her out into the newly shaved garden .
in the unkempt front garden of a run - down bungalow , sat a faded yellow canoe , trying to conceal itself within the sun drenched grass .
the garden of the bungalow grew up with weeds and waist high grasses , mimicking the corn in the farmers field that lay beyond the boundary fence .
i was tempted to strip off right there and then to swap my clothing , but ship gestured towards the workshop at the end of the garden .
he led us down the garden path towards the cavernous workshop at its end .
following al on his bike , this time also in shorts and a t - shirt myself , we found ship at the end of his back garden .
then you started making snow angels on the grass in next doors front garden .
oh no , of all the gardens to do it in .
now was definitely the perfect time , the false confidence from the alcohol had silenced any worries i had of being rejected by her , but i had stopped well before the stage of random fights and making drunken snow angels in next doors front garden .
surrounding the house was a huge square garden , itself surrounded by tall trees .
when we reached the end of what to most people would have been a sufficient garden , we found a tall hedge .
she obviously had nt been able to bear going in the gardens since she was widowed .
he slipped the gloves on and dropped into the garden , the dull thud as he landed closely followed by the sound of plants being frantically torn from the ground .
we were in a walled garden now ; grass , thistles , weeds and brambles grew chest high .
is that another garden through that door over there ?
her eyes welled up as she realised what had happened to the garden since shed abandoned it , since shed been abandoned by him .
right you two , there s a lawnmower and some garden tools in the big shed by the garages you were clearing out yesterday , she said .
i was to clear out the garden we were in and al , ever the explorer , was to go off and liberate the rest of the doors from their green prisons .
i was only halfway through the first garden and feeling like i d gotten the rough end of the deal when al came running back .
i followed him through one identical overgrown garden after another , counting four including the one we d started in , before we passed into the one with the pool .
it was a lot bigger than i d expected it to be , a long rectangle that almost filled the garden to the brick walls , leaving just a thin sliver of grass to walk around it .
having been disappointed by the pool , we spent the rest of the day working flat out in the prehistoric gardens , in an effort to finish early .
i do nt like the idea of a cat being locked in a cage on its own at the end of her garden , it would be better off dead than being locked up .
she led us through the garden , past where the horses were kept , all the way to the point where her land met the farmers field .
in the time we d worked there , we d cleared every one of her forgotten gardens and made them habitable .
pernod , tequila , gin , whisky , schnapps , amaretto ... ... ... ... you name it we threw it up in peoples front gardens , on that lonely introspective walk home .
we were in the beer garden under the yellow street - lit shadow of the enormous monkey puzzle tree , smoking and drinking .
a middle aged couple came out into the garden both holding a flute of champagne , the man placing what was left in the bottle on the picnic bench next to jamess glass .
before any of us had a chance to answer , not that any of us really had an answer , the landlady of the pub walked into the garden .
he handed trudy the empty glass and walked out through the five foot high side gate of the beer garden , slamming it behind him .
i met him out in the beer garden one night .
rick led me to the end of the road where we cut through one of those narrow alley ways that has two different peoples garden fences either side .
once in the back garden i tried to talk him down , whilst not making eye contact with him in case he tripped out again and thought i was playing tricks on him as well .
was the first i knew that kyle had come back into the garden .
james then took a seat on the white plastic garden chair kyle had been sitting on , moving it to the side so kyle could nt see him from where he was sitting next to us on my bed .
at one point while kyle was taking a piss in the garden , al whispered in my ear , do nt ever let him find out about me and louise .
i led him downstairs and out into the garden , and as i opened the door to the garage his eyes lit up as he gazed at the wonder in there .
al made a few phone calls in the garden , at a volume that ensured no one would miss what he was saying .
i watched , mesmerised , as those same flowers kissed the ceiling ; and wondered how long it would be before the whole room looked like a botanical garden .
a cigarette in the quiet of the garden on our own , just to bring things down a level .
so i was relieved when kyle finally stopped us all by suggesting that we , stop wandering around the fucking garden centre forever and roll another spliff .
that was , until i got up to take a piss in the back garden and nearly tripped over gazs brown leather jacket on the floor .
running up the road trying to think of somewhere to get out of the weather , i saw ships bungalow in the distance , and remembered the boat at the end of his back garden .
i necked my last remaining pill under the yellow glow of the streetlight outside his house , then the pair of us made our way to the end of his garden .
i could nt work the garden or cut the grass or even shoot teresa in the face with the water gun anymore .
we all hoped to have a farm and vegetable garden my only friend mary sue died my childhood she left .
` ` nothing i did n't want done , now if you 'll excuse me i have some fertiliser for the garden , shit like this is good on roses . ''
` ` you do n't listen to anyone do you maurice , things have changed , your life at the bottom of the garden with the fairies is over , know how to buy a pint of milk from the local farmer , how to support others in the community that need help and receive help in reply . ''
so i ' m singing , flying i ' m just like a bird that flies into your waiting arms with flowers , daisies in your precious garden with the butterflies way up in the skies i ' m soaring with your love upon my lips you kiss me sweetly above the ocean rego listened as she sang .
he found himself in a large multi - level garden terrace with park benches and tables for people to lounge around and sip cold drinks and tea .
the gardens provided a spectacular view of the grand harbour in both directions .
rego frantically ran down each level of the gardens , looking for a way out .
three women , wearing habits , appeared to be working in a garden .
he peered down a small walkway that led to a tiny courtyard and garden .
the garden was covered in shade for most of the day .
there was a small gate to walk through to get into the small garden area .
the small gardens here , whether through tedious attention or constant prayers , had somehow escaped the rot and malnutrition infecting the rest of engla - londs soil .
but it was difficult to be grateful for a small bowl of leek soup after glimpsing the churchs gardens and flocks .
gideon set a palace wall alongside a stretching rose garden .
where did you ever see a garden wall anyway ?
throughout the last trimester of tanyas pregnancy , the care of their garden had devolved entirely upon dawn .
dawn found it difficult to tend the garden by herself when tanyas condition had prevented the headwoman from taking an active part .
it amazed dawn that the other two were not overly excited by the significance of the garden ; they were willing to help as matter of course , and could even see the advantage of the concept , but the larger view seemed to have eluded them .
she took great pains to teach them all she knew about the garden , for once she left they would have to tend and care for it with tanyas oversight .
the latter were suddenly in much demand for the roots were ripening and the garden was growing , absorbing the daily efforts of the women .
at times , tanya would take care of yael so dawn could spend some time in the garden with ile .
the garden was becoming a lush profusion of growth .
dawn did not recognise the plant but wanted it for her garden ; perhaps she could use the leaves to add to her mix of vegetables .
earlier she had been disappointed , for when she had told the women in her family about the garden , they had remained unresponsive and could not see its significance .
the letdown only made her all the more determined to take this plant back to her garden .
chapter twenty three : therefore i do not submit to such conjectures ( aka : only sissy boys have dreams ) sisy comes to in the sacred garden of the forever dying , dahal , lying in a patch of grass trapped in the same cycle of endless near - death as everything else in the realm .
a wrought iron fence ran around each property with a well - maintained exotic garden in every front yard .
the balcony itself was wide and semi - circular in shape with a waist - high concrete balustrade , and perched over the back garden .
in genesis 3:22 , adam and eve ate from the tree of knowledge then were cast out of the garden of eden they started the first holy war with god .
to prevent finding the tree again god placed two angels with a flaming swords at the garden entrance says genesis 3:24 fucner nods .
out here it is peaceful , i tend my gardens , i have my furry friends , and my parents pay me visits often .
he was just sitting in the garden by himself .
king prian was furious , and now a man has to stand watch in the garden anytime dale is working .
it was nearly dawn when landric arrived at the castles seaside facing garden .
a uniformed man passed in front of the hunter and proceeded through the trail deeper into the garden .
landric shadowed the man through the shrubs , passed by a few small ponds with exotic fish , and little waterfalls , until they reached an opening with a statue in the center of the garden .
the man who was standing guard in the usual place on his bench in the garden suddenly jumped back when he noticed a slab of stone moving by itself .
i want a man out in the garden at all times from now on .
the only thing that would help him sleep was concentrating his thoughts on his wife who he had been forbidden to see since the day he vanished to the garden without prians watchful eyes upon him .
palmyras abductions would entail her sneaking out of the garden to richters hole in the ground .
he thought the garden to be beautiful .
the dragon - wolf showed itself at that moment and the guardsman shot off the bench and disappeared into the garden like a flash .
as alvar stepped down the ladder , he watched as the beast vanished into the shadows of the garden .
you can also create a simple water system for your garden .
the stockade enclosed a large area of weed - choked gardens and patches of young corn .
the second teen male studies the flower gardens .
we are a farm of 3,000 acres of crops that stretch as far as the eye could see in all geographical directions surrounded by with beautiful productive white cotton plants , a grove of orange which are sour by mouth but yummy in salads , an peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables in front of the dogtrot plantation since we farm every part of the soil to benefit the school and the students ... sterling studies the windows of eight foot tall by four feet wide wearing an array of gracefully falling different type of colors and textures drape curtain fabrics that puddles like a pool of colored water onto the wooden flooring .
the side wall shows the rays of the sunset from the low window panes along the front porch and the pretty view of the neatly manicured lawn and flower gardens .
actually , kenji - san was tending to his rock garden the last i saw him .
companions left the house , walked along an even path in the garden to the gate .
the liquidator after his guests had left , the seer was lingering about the house aimlessly , came out into the garden , looked at trees , and smelt leaves .
these were the strangers thoughts when he was slowly plodding towards the park : he was used to stay overnight in caves , on the seashore , and in gardens .
if you re bulling , well bury you in the garden , he pulled his hands out of the pockets .
intention the seer strolled in the garden , breathed the leaves freshness , enjoying silence .
incredulously he looked at his big beautiful house , lovely garden , well - groomed trees , flowers , and said through his teeth : all that s missing is peacocks .
the stranger thanked for the water and said : a master of the estate sent a servant to dig around his garden ; he went further on into the pure field and started sowing poppy seeds .
that servant came to his master at the end of the day and said , be happy for i ve sowed poppy seed in the field behind the garden .
the opposite wall displays a set of long windows showing off the colorful flower gardens .
the puppy runs towards the tall dark trees as he walks closer to the flower gardens out of the flood lightning .
we crawl towards the flower garden then stand .
woot holds her hand leading from the tree and the flower gardens .
his blood being of god was for the wiping out sins for everyone since adam allowed the satan to enter and then destroy the garden of eden then both sin and death invaded earth .
in fact it sometimes seemed that only luxury automobiles and jeep cherokees were allowed in palm beach gardens .
brought down by grief again he took frequent breaks , walking round the garden or playing with jake .
enclosed by the deck was a small rock garden .
he pointed them out to shanna and had her laughing with his story of how he had started the garden , tired of all the browns of the middle eastern countries he had been visiting .
each little store and caf had a walled garden and at most of them someone was playing a guitar or singing like james taylor .
the seminole was as invisible to the average floridian as a fairy at the bottom of the garden .
outside we play in a huge cage where our people can keep an eye on us , but sometimes were allowed in the large garden .
she was immersed in her own world while visiting the many touristic attractions : the jehangir art gallery , the marine drive , ships and helicopters , the hanging gardens , bollywood celebrities houses , and many other places .
i need that balloon , she said as she was subjugated by the sight of the flying balloons that were held by a vendor near the garden .
a few more minutes were left before they had to leave the city , and they spent them in the garden in front of the gateway .
it was almost six , so vibhas father instructed them to move out of the garden .
they were tending onions , groundnuts , mustard , and in some places , beautiful sunflower or marigold gardens .
for a moment , he thought of his journey on the bus that snaked among the smooth - looking , light green tea gardens .
there were two big , well - maintained gardens on either side of the road , with green patches of grass and a few coconut trees that stood majestically on the periphery .
in the garden on his left , the slithering roots of a huge banyan tree had ripped through the ground .
it reigned in the center of the garden , like a huge umbrella of red and green canopy .
a lone tree standing high , somewhere in the gardens of government offices .
bringing a paycheck into those garden of eden , as it were , seemed a bad move .
he pulled off his boxers and stood stark naked like a big , naked garden gnome .
he dropped me off at gregs and i spent the rest of the day helping dee and ophie take up some vegetables they had planted in a small garden on the side of the house .
then i told them about tanyas and my garden .
her current pride and joy was her backyard garden filled with flowers whose latin names she could rattle off like a catechism .
but in the end , the backyard garden had kept martha rooted .
he followed a garden path until he reached the back wall of the main house made of solid stone , three stories high .
she let go off my hand and ran into the garden , looking gaudily at the red and blue petal flowers .
shortly after , we sat by the edge of the garden looking down at the inner city .
the lake mirrored a blue sky where the citadel gardens had been .
down in the towel - sized back garden , the spiky tops of slender cordyline palms waved forth and back .
` ` you mean people in botswana also have swimming pools in their gardens ? ''
the gardener , who looks after the company house garden ( and it 's a huge house ) , watered the lawn yesterday and ? '
very monotonous , like a garden colony in the sand , '' he said .
` ` i can help you plant a garden , '' i offered spontaneously .
some green around the house would be nice and comforting like our back garden in cambridge .
in order not to lose my mind , i began to plant flowers and herbs and weeds that looked like flowers in tony 's garden .
a little rock garden was next .
neo mentioned that one could create a vegetable garden with different - sized car tyres .
a hardy acacia tree completed the garden .
i went inside to wash after a day 's work , still bits of garden stuck to me .
after all , she took such great interest in my garden work .
i kept my peace and went back to my garden work , giving ethel some excuse that tony expected me to finish the planting by the end of the day .
mielie pap , the staple food , was cooked in three - legged black pots in the garden .
about the birdsong in the mornings , tony 's garden and the stony smell of the savannah .
we took a tour around town and i saw spacious houses with lush palm gardens .
her husband uli , tony and neo played ball in the garden with the girls .
the modest home was a quaint double - story house set in an english country garden .
satan , the ancient beagle , barked hoarsely in one of the guestrooms as we walked to the back of the garden .
we passed the swimming pool as we walked back through the gardens to our own hotel .
a collection of succulents shared her garden with prickly plants in all shapes and sizes .
` ` oh , some friends are taking the pots and i 'll just leave the other plants in the garden .
her gardener phineas was busy cutting the white rosebushes in the garden .
as so often , i sat outside in the complex garden under a tree one day .
not much that could be called a garden .
a gentle rain soaked the garden , highly unusual for this time of year .
it would be better for pauli , if we lived in a house with a garden anyway .
there would be plenty of space for pauli outside in the garden .
it was my first taste of commune life and pauli enjoyed exploring the garden .
i ventured out of the garden and checked anxiously up and down the lane .
one of the stray dogs dared to run into our garden , only to find itself pelted with missiles .
only four bedrooms and the interior design leaned toward the essentially bare , but there was a huge front veranda and a large garden .
what , if agnes 's lifeless body lay buried in the garden ?
pauli barked in support and they shrunk against the garden wall behind them .
pauli also tried to help and sniffed around the garden .
the acacia tree was spreading its spindly branches in all directions and sturdy succulents studded the rock garden .
claire took up a post in new delhi and pauli and i moved to joburg , where we shared a garden flat with emily for a year .
i view the historical antebellum house , lawn , flower gardens , and miles of white cotton plants .
` ` one of my maids saw viktor korovin in the garden . ''
dirty , bloody water gushed about the place , forming small black rivers running through various courtyards and dead gardens .
they found the only way they could be together was for bethany to go for a stroll in the garden in the evening .
as i work in my garden fifty - six years later i wonder , was that exciting life really mine all those years ago .
now i have an extensive collection of cds , and it gives me great joy to have them playing in the background as i attend to my other loves , the garden , painting and writing .
one day arti managed to get himself on top of a large rock in the garden but could nt get down .
i thought i would be dumped as no longer being useful , but no the boss said to one of his men , take that heavy duty japanese tyre to the garden and we will have it as a surround for that rose bush i bought in darwin .
ignoring the signs we entered the garden area which was very difficult as the tenant had collected a mass of what appeared to be stuff he had collected from the dump .
all the bits and pieces almost covered the whole of the two acre garden .
it just so happened that we were on an inspection of the property with the agent when six horses came thundering up the driveway and into the garden .
seeing what the horses had done to the garden , alice was nt waiting around for anybody else to sort it out and went in for the kill herself .
anne stood in the middle of the living room looking out at a private walled garden complete with a small fountain bubbling water into a riot of colorful flowers .
elodies flat exactly mirrored his in size and layout but looked out on the street , whereas his had the view of the overgrown , neglected garden but it was amazing how different they were .
she saw the alleyway at the end of the garden leading to an adjacent street .
his fingers gripped the cold wire and in a couple of seconds he d flung himself over to land on the snow covered grass of a large garden .
he could see a prestigious house at the end of the garden , just visible through the bare branches of a tree - lined avenue .
paul realized his best bet was to keep away from the road and he altered his course , racing diagonally across the lawn for a low stone wall bordering the neighboring garden .
several of the police had scaled the wire mesh fence already and were running hard across the garden directly towards him .
as paul 's feet pounded across the next garden , the sound of his pumping blood loud in his ears , he tried frantically to think of some kind of plan .
the second garden was bordered by a higher wall with a steep drop on the other side down to a stream choked with brambles and elder bushes .
paul set off , climbing out of the stream bed , up the bank and into another garden .
from here the town rose steeply in a series of terraces and paul , looking upwards , figured he d keep to the gardens for as much of the climb as he possibly could , though it felt like sheer madness to head back into so much danger .
maybe his best bet would be to make directly for the church , he thought , after all , creeping from back yard to garden was going to take ages and with this many police around it was only a matter of time before he was spotted .
see ya , said molly , skipping towards her house , but as she passed her next - door neighbours garden , she peered over the fence to look for mrs wilsons black cat .
as she frantically searched for a hole in the ground , a rustling sound came from the flowerr garden .
after hurrying through her gate , she dashed past the jacaranda trees , then headed down the slope to the bottom of the garden .
she could nt bear to think of him going back to their neighbours garden to get attacked by tiddles again .
i do nt want furble to go back to mrs wilsons garden .
he could play in our garden .
can i keep him in my garden instead ?
i d better get back to my veggie garden before my plants wilt in the heat he patted molly on the head .
hell be going back to mrs wilsons garden , but ill talk to her about her cat first .
why ca nt furble just live in our garden ?
why do nt you just keep him here in your garden ?
but there s already a male bandicoot living in my garden .
as peggy sniffed around the bushes , molly ran down to the barn at the bottom of the garden .
i still think you should let furble live in my garden when he s better .
i ve already told you , he s going back to mrs wilsons garden .
he ate all the cockroaches and bugs around the garden and played in her father 's veggie patch .
soon he d be released back to mrs wilson 's garden , and back to tiddles .
eleven - mealworms as molly trotted behind peggy along the back fence at the bottom of her garden , she hoped her family could nt see her from the lounge room window .
he caught a bandicoot in your garden and tore its back open .
and my grandmother said he has to come back to your garden to find his family .
maybe now , shed be able to visit furble in mrs wilsons garden .
then she hitched her backpack onto her shoulders and skipped down the garden path towards the backdoor .
tell me , did molly really catch a bandicoot in my garden ?
but you wo n't get to see him if grandma sends him back to mrs wilson 's garden .
he has to go back to mrs wilson 's garden when he 's better .
she ran to the bottom of the garden and sat on the swing under the big old gumtree .
i should nt throw rotten duck eggs at other children because baby ducks should have a proper grave in my garden near the dam .
well i am sorry because i should have buried those two baby ducks in my garden near the dam .
and if i d buried the duck eggs in my garden , i would nt have wiped them on her hair .
let 's just wait and see what mum says , said kate , opening their garden gate .
it seemed grandma was going to take furble back to mrs wilsons garden no matter what molly said , even if tiddles was still allowed outside .
i guess so , said molly , but furble has to go back to mrs wilsons garden soon , and tiddles could hurt him again .
the dirty window looked out over a little garden that backed onto the forest .
she could nt let furble go back to mrs wilson 's garden .
then she could set him free in her garden , but shed have to wait till dawn now .
grandma would only take him back to mrs wilsons garden .
i was going to wait until dusk , then let him go in the garden near the old cottage .
yes , but she wants to make sure he can manage in the wild on his own , so were making him a pen in the garden .
a ginger cat was running around inside a huge cat cage in a back garden .
you just want to release him in your garden .
grandma was planning to release him back to mrs wilsons garden tonight .
you can sit with grandma in the garden .
even grandma had tears in her eyes as she wrapped furble in his bunny rug and carried him towards mrs wilsons garden .
tiddles can use his cat door from inside the house to enter the enclosure , but he ca nt get outside of it , or escape into the garden .
now you can release the bandicoot in my garden .
you can all wait here while molly and i take furble down to the bottom of the garden where its quiet .
she waved , then ran down the bottom of the garden and peered over the dividing fence , but she could nt see furble .
he just wanted the garden worms .
it seemed furble had found his own territory and had come to live in mollys garden .
eliza , the curly - headed rambunctious 10 year old stared down at the long rows of shiny black foreign delegate cars lining up in front of the un rose gardens .
united nations plaza backyard a few weeks after the big protest , eliza and glinda were at the un park by the un rose gardens .
asked mrs . glass to lena as the two sat in the garden room at the waldorf astoria hotel .
the six - story base of the large development contains about 300,000 square feet of office space and the cooperative apartments share an expansive , corporate - style lobby overlooking an enclosed garden court .
for more information about buying an apartment in 860 united nations plaza , please call us at 212 - 755 - 5544 , or contact us by email what is 860 un plaza new york , ny 10017 cooperative built in 1966 located in turtle bay / united nations 167 apartments 39 floors 50 % down 36 % tax deductible full - time doorman full service garage health club elevator wonderful views large , impressive lobby proximity to united nations and its gardens doorman garage more about where the osberg kids lived at the un plaza ; united nations plaza apartment buildings across from un building !
despite its lack of fine architectural detail , this enormous complex has always attracted an impressive roster of affluent or famous tenants , attracted presumably to its great views , the large gardens and park of the united nations to the south , and the surrounding beekman place neighborhood rather than any thought of exclusivity .
the 12 - story glassed in area shelters a terraced garden with full - grown trees and a pool .
the promenade contains wide expanses of manicured lawn , magnificent sculptures , an esplanade overlooking the east river , cherry trees , and rose gardens .
in may , 1997 , the park 's extensive border planting was dedicated as the katharine hepburn garden .
six fountains enclosed by iron - latticed pergolas grace the garden area , which is bounded by granite seating walls .
it also houses a lovely zen garden .
enjoy a moment of tranquility in st . mary 's garden , the church 's lovely courtyard with a statue of st . mary , a bridge over a pond , benches , and lush plantings .
turtle bay gardens historic district 226 - 246 east 49th street between second and third avenues during the 1920s , this group of brownstones was restored , and the yards of two rows of town houses set back - to - back on 48th and 49th street were turned into a communal garden by taking a six - foot strip from each plot to form a common path .
stephen sondheim has been a long - time resident of the gardens , as was katharine hepburn until recently .
peter detmold park between 49th and 51st street , along fdr drive from 51st street , a staircase leads down to peter detmold park , a charming public park featuring the wisteria - covered james amster pavilion , a small garden and a dog run , which is maintained by the community ( pdp - arf ) .
after a few minutes of scavenging the garden , a plate of fresh picked carrots , nuts , beans , and potatoes sits before me .
by this time , our family grew enough food in an outdoor garden to support ourselves .
it suddenly comes down with a crash next to my mother , startling her as she works in the garden nearby .
in front of the ocean spans a lush tropical garden .
walking behind the room i pass through what used to be the garden .
crossing a steel bridge , i leave the dead garden , pass the frozen swimming pool and climb down the stairs onto the exposed rock by the edge of the ice .
yalmo who was listening to their talks standing in the garden said , if you like to bathe i may get you warm water in a no time .
his fury not yet satiated , billy beheaded them all and had them face the same way in the vegetable garden .
he helped them laugh at the heads in hulagus garden , and saddened them when he spoke of the empress with such respect .
got involved in some civic things , the zoo , shaw 's gardens , that sort of thing . ''
we 'd sometimes run into one another at a bar or shaw 's gardens .
one thing i noticed , the babe on nemusmar was like a blossom in a garden .
and annalea , you can amuse yourself out in the garden for the time being . ''
annalea dutifully went out the door and down the path toward the garden .
i went to the garden , through the garden , around the garden : no annalea .
i went to the garden , through the garden , around the garden : no annalea .
i went to the garden , through the garden , around the garden : no annalea .
` ` beggin ' your parden , sir , but i saw the young miss a time ago , when i went for stock out to the garden . ''
yet the captain was not one to bemoan a loss of the trappings and luxuries that status provides , let alone some furniture and gardens .
when 1 was about nine , i had thrown some rotten apples at a neighbour 's boy , in retaliation for his throwing them at me from his garden .
i was puzzling over this problem when , passing a shop window , i saw a mould for garden gnomes , costing only 2 .
' i 'll make garden gnomes and sell them , i thought .
the garden gnome was the abyss of bad taste to my mother ; she detested them .
i published a card saying ` ` you are cordially invited to the ideal gnome exhib- ition , lovingly presented in ... ` ` i filled the garden with gnomes , frogs , and toadstools , set up speakers for music and erected signs in the neighbourhood , i organized a double - page spread in one newspaper , and i even went about edinburgh for several days on a motorbike , dressed as a gnome .
but for some reason i persisted for a couple of hours and eventually came across it , in a plastic bag , buried in the garden .
the lights were set up , the cadets formed a line across the garden and began to dig it from one end to the other .
if you are feeling lazy , then i suppose a good way to get your garden dug is to tell the police that drugs are buried in it .
` ` it ca n't be ; who would bury a bag of soil in the garden - there must be dope in it . ''
it was now june , and we bought a packet of seeds , intending to start by digging a vegetable garden .
* * * * * * * i had been shown how to do water divining with a pendulum , by a bloke who worked for the gas board and used it to find pipes , and i found that the front garden was covering an underground water system , and the water table was only down about two feet because of the burn that flowed past .
as the cottages and the mill were higher than the farmhouse , we had to dig down considerably to get the minimum run of one in forty through the flat front garden , so the water could run freely to the septic tank , and from it to the burn .
however , the tank was lower than the burn , and because of this we had to dig across the road and through a neighbour 's garden to get the correct drop into the burn lower downstream .
when he heard about the mill , he saw it as a chance to work with his hands , and he hoped i would let him start an organic garden and grow vegetables , in return for his contribution .
however , mairi and i noticed a really beautiful house set within its own little garden , with papayas , coconuts , guavas and other tropical fruit .
jain , i could use some help in the garden .
airk went off into the woods to look for eduard while jain and coursa went to the garden .
after about an hour of this coursa asked grima to go and bless her garden and to bless the home of jain and airk .
coursa went to help jain in the garden that grima was now blessing .
he wished coursa was there , but she and jain were at jains cottage , working in the garden .
jain would have sworn that coursa looked a few years younger than she had an hour before , when they worked in the garden together .
until then , you have the cottage and the garden , the coin you ve earned , and a share of the best score ever coming to you .
so he cleaned the empty stables , weeded in the garden , and gathered firewood .
reginald walked him through the castle and out into its garden .
he picked up a pair of garden shears and walked over to ellen .
a garden took shape near the entrance , with real plantslocal varieties that someone had selected and transplantedthe beginnings of an arboretum .
this was to be another , interior garden .
more snatches of vision intruded , as billy shared birds - eye glimpses of the gray cadillac rolling through a residential area of small ranch homes with tiny yards , newly leafed trees , gardens freshly tilled .
ellen turned abruptly down a cinder drive , through clearings dominated by the remnants of last years garden .
it was then i noticed the miniature gardens of bright green moss growing in every juncture of trunk and limb .
once on the sidewalk , simon powered up and zipped behind the van , backing into a tiny brick - paved nook in a garden facing the street .
we flesh - bound souls were like slugs traversing a garden .
it was fecund here , nearly uncontrollable , and left to itself for a short time , the land would claim back these gardens .
a dead , but somewhat alive garden was around them .
then many well drawn pictures as well , of gardens and the forest .
when albert had found victor in the garden turning his best to fix the poor tended to garden .
and go work more on the garden to distract himself .
she slipped on her cloak and headed to the gardens , being the daughter of a mechial student and living with a doctor while your mother was sick .
a giant wolf walking through the gates of the blackwood manor , through the dead garden and past the frozen fountain .
i 'll take you to the garden and the animal barn after this .
after a brief tour of the barn , emmett took us to the garden , which spanned at least an acre on its own .
the pack members who were working towards earning job points were at their posts , tending to the garden , milking the cows , and doing whatever other assignments were available .
some were fine country houses upstate , and some were luxury penthouses complete with doormen , cold rooms and garden terraces .
i ' m pretty sure some of the jameson family still live in the garden district , but i ' m not sure where .
starting at the edge of the quarter , lo rode the trolley , sitting back against the wooden bench and watching as the city passed leisurely by the banks and business district , then through the romance and timelessness of the garden district , and all of the way uptown on st . charles street , ending at audubon park .
she smoothed her heavy satin crinoline dress out and around her , as if she were at a garden party .
tyrone was calling it her garden of hedonism .
antoine found a large earthworm and placed it carefully into the palm of the first pair of garden gloves he ever owned .
lo winked at her , and went back to pulling little plastic pots from the bottom of different herb starts he and antoine picked out at the garden shop .
antoine tentatively asked lo if he could plant an herb garden somewhere in a little patch of dirt , and lo told him he could plant whatever he wanted in their backyard .
he fished around in the reusable sack from the garden store , and pulled out a pair of canvas garden gloves .
antoine handed her a dirt encrusted garden spade , and she pointed to a spot by the end of the yard that still held a pie shaped slice of late afternoon sun .
he was busy framing a raised box on the grass for antoine 's herb garden .
digging in the garden with grandma ... . and exploring the new neighborhood with timber .
i think you should dig in the garden with timber , and explore with grandma .
i ' m going to lift something heavy in the garden tomorrow !
beside the garden treats wriggled a small plateful of live worms .
trees of every sort stood amidst a modest , but colorful garden .
echos stomach tickled with excitement , and shimmer raised her head and whistled a greeting as a form flew into the garden .
inside the protected garden , echo slept well for the first time in days .
echo asked a myriad of questions as they followed song and jia out of the garden .
she served on the team that set up the vegetable garden that provides us with vital nutrients .
everyone was filing out a side entrance leading to the garden as celeste and i went toward the lobby .
vic found us near the library , your brother is outside working in the garden .
in a row of lush , green plants , he bent to pull a clod of dirt from the end of the garden hoe in his hand .
she said , he works in the garden , does n't he ?
she and her friends at the table talked about a new irrigation system they were working on for the flower garden at the back of the compound .
we crossed into a zen garden complete with asian - style stone lanterns and an ornamental bridge over sand .
i headed for the door that opened to the side of the building , toward the garden and the boardwalk leading into the nature preserve .
before we left , owen addressed everyone from the stairs , i am offering a $ 5000 tax free bonus to whoever kills this woman , he held out a surveillance photo of llewyn in the garden .
up went a picture of vic , also in the garden , he is the leader of their security force .
the garden of elevated flowerbeds was quiet as we snaked back and forth toward the dock .
strange words mingled with humming in a disjointed melody that carried over the memorial garden in the valley below .
he situated himself next to a stone bench , lying on his stomach and aiming a rifle at the path we would take into the garden .
as we ascended the steps , celeste kept watch over the garden behind us .
a cry of anguish came from celeste down in the garden .
i spotted her in the valley , near the middle of the garden .
he still aimed his rifle down at the garden , but vic 's location did n't allow for a good , clear shot .
i twisted , and as i stood , i spotted vic running toward a brick wall at the perimeter of the garden .
with the absence of ruckus in the cemetery garden , birds sang .
a walled garden .
i dreamed of the garden and the library with its scribe .
they sang the way llewyn sang in the cemetery garden .
she had come in from the garden and found tagan seemingly paralyzed , staring vacantly into space .
sequil asked , dropping the carrots she had picked in the garden on the floor and launching them to tagans forehead to check his temperature .
he 'd gradually expanded his trade from farrier work and tools to include garden supplies , knives and axes , even pots and pans .
after quickly filling the deep lawn dent with garden dirt , he hurried back into the shed to explore the ' gift of stone ' .
after chicken was seasoned and set to bake , they pulled some hearty vegetables from the garden to accompany it .
chapter 18 practiced , gloved hands spread the fertilizer around the plant stems in the garden .
the window from that viewpoint faced north , across the back lawn , with the garden and other stone shed at the far end .
with a gentle squeeze of her hands in his , kate said , ` ` there is a fairy in our garden as we speak . ''
as the two crossed the lawn toward the garden , kate quietly said , ` ` i ' m not too familiar with some of the colors , but i 'd guess curious , calm , a touch of caution .
they reached the garden fence when kate spoke in the creature 's direction .
` ` not to be rude , but you 're on our property ; in our garden , no less .
that is to say , i mend cloth , tend gardens , clean drains and the like ; generally keep things from falling into disrepair .
flagstones were laid at most gate passages , the garden was in fine form , the roof was fixed , choke - weeds were pulled , advice was given for the best use of droppings , dog hair was scattered along the border walls to deter foxes or vermin , and kate even had a handful of new recipes .
they smiled at each other for a minute before jane added , ` ` i bet your garden is amazing ! ''
he and brody would sit out in the sun room and discuss land updates or what to plant in the neglected garden at the back of the lawn .
fortunately our overgrown garden was so immense that it blocked off the view over our back fence , still , i never liked the idea of granny practicing magic out in the yard .
this is a garden spell , she trilled .
because no doubt the moment i left for work tomorrow morning , my grandmother would trot out to the shed , pluck up the spade , dig holes in the garden , and get up to more mischief .
we are having agents search your house and garden .
ordinary people do n't order large amounts cocaine off the internet , dig mysterious holes in the garden , and come to the attention of the federal police .
my hair was whipping around my face like a fan , and twigs and leaves were picking up along the garden path , slamming into my legs and feet .
then we made the usually short trip over to the fence , through the gate , and up the garden path .
he asked as he followed us up the garden path .
not a garden gnome , one of the live ones .
is that a garden gnome ?
there were probably only 10 or so meters separating us from the garden gate .
right to the garden gate .
i did n't have time to look down at my teddy before jacob pulled me to my feet , reached over to the garden fence , pushed it open , and tugged us out onto the street .
there was a garden around it , a vegetable patch , herbs growing by the doors , and a sweet little patio .
i watched as the clouds grew darker in a flash , as a wind whipped up from nowhere , and as a trail of drizzle started to blow through the garden .
punching to my feet , scrabbling until i got my balance back , i ran deeper into the garden .
at no point was i stabbed through the back and skewered into the garden bed .
and if it had n't been for me ... you would have died out in the garden a couple of hours ago .
each kang table was adorned with its own miniature zen garden and paper lantern .
the barren , rocky soil bore not even a shadow of the sanctums former glory of lush grass and flowering gardens .
he absently counted stone gargoyles interposed along the path to the imperial gardens .
chapter 52 piled high with the finest assortment of fresh garden vegetables , the pizza was a mouth - watering sight .
` ` madison square garden , you idiot .
` ` part of our duty when we go to the gardens after each full moon is to record the positions of wolf prints so we can track their pack numbers and locations , then erase them before they can attract any ungainly attention .
they approach the rock together for assignment and receive garden duty .
besides the wolfsbane garden , it is the one safe place in the forest .
chapter twelve the wolfsbane garden is simple enough to reach through the trees , and serena only comes to the ground when sturdy branches become sparse .
they leave behind the crowd at the cave entrances , drifting over the oyster gardens .
after a quick trip to the wolfsbane gardens , she returns with a full basket .
the creature is aiming for another maidenlilly , the garden apprentice .
blooming orchards and orderly gardens surrounded an impressive cluster of red - roofed buildings inside a stone wall .
a naked man and woman were embraced in a garden with birds singing around their heads .
cottages , taverns , stables , smithies , and shops sprawled along the roads radiating out from the gate , but their arrangement was looser than within the walls , and muddy livestock paddocks and green gardens filled the gaps .
the herb garden was trampled and a few of the larger bushes uprooted .
he was still standing where she had left him on the edge of the herb garden .
that young woman crying in the garden was proof of that .
in the inner garden thal cut a rose and handed it to the boy .
thal trailed the constable toward his preferred beer garden .
bekcek entered the beer garden .
he entered the beer garden .
martin simply could not imagine bekcek getting his heart ripped out in the middle of a beer garden .
thal sought the herb garden where he had watched his mother trim and dig many times .
her garden was desecrated .
she had always looked content while tending her garden .
she cleared the last pines and crossed the herb and vegetable garden , examined the plants already stretching up , the fruits , pods , and delicate leaves nearing maturity .
but this was not her aunts typical garden .
his voice was calm and kind , like he was talking to a skittish fawn he had found walking through his garden .
at the back of the room was the small storage room that led to the garden .
they stood in well - spaced rows , the generous garden behind each revealing a bounty of nascent vegetables .
others worked the gardens with children at their sides , weeds in hand .
the kick was enough to flip him onto his back , and he lay defenseless as the warrior drew a double - bladed axe and brought it around , aiming at his neck with the same casual disinterest he might express toward dispatching a worm he had found in his garden .
arrayed around the garden were a small barn with pens for animals likely pigs , a few sheep , and a milk cow radiating from it , a chicken coup , a large empty structure with no walls that likely housed the wagon , a stable , and two ramshackle sheds .
no women worked the garden or sat on the houses long porch .
the garden appeared to have been ransacked and trampled plants were broken , uprooted , sprawling on the ground .
a rabbit shot out from the garden , sprinting toward the cover of the trees , leaving teth reaching reflexively toward her empty quiver .
no shops were open , no children played in the green , no women talked on their porches or tended their gardens .
in fact , following a breakfast of flavorless oat cakes and a rabbit she shot in the garden , they kissed quite a few more times on their way to this place .
the garden they surrounded was ravaged .
three women in long dresses and bonnets looked up from the garden when jer emerged from the trees .
summer , you an danny finish up in the garden .
or i believe there was work to be done in the garden .
though the towers varied in size and shape , they all ended in large conical roofs so that the inner ring resembled a colossal mushroom garden and reminded ipid why he kept an estate on the other side of the river .
before him , poised upon the great citys lone hill , was liandrin palace , a five story circle , marked with six equal towers , surrounded by acres of gardens and a thirty - foot wall .
she ate , slept , danced , and tended her garden in the nude , weather permitting .
` ` if you girls do n't mind , i could use some help in the garden .
most of the area was now a very large garden .
they meandered through the garden and picked a variety of ripe vegetables .
there were so many twinkling lights the garden almost looked as though it was in the middle of a starry sky , not in an old graveyard .
the band helped the old woman in the garden for a little over two hours .
they nodded and walked back to the garden behind the church and watched the butterflies lazily float from flower to flower .
in a few minutes the tunnel opened up into a large cave with a strange garden .
there seemed to be no pattern in the layout of the plants and it was so large they could n't see the end of the garden .
they followed templeton to a sort of side alcove in the garden .
it 's just the winter garden , templeton said dismissively .
then the winter garden turned into an overgrown jungle with thick vines and brightly colored flowers .
the houses were spaced just far enough apart to allow room for vegetable gardens in between each one , food gardened by the dead and meant only for the dead to eat .
they walked freely and calmly across the plaza , tended to their gardens , chatted amongst friends .
many cozy gardens abound , once filled with flowering plants , bushes , and statuary with benches .
there was a huge white castle in the middle of a large garden .
* * * * * * * * * ever since she came back from the woods that day , i have never seen her any happier , king ballant said to his queen as they took their daily walk through the palace garden .
the garden was his treasure .
but before his garden he cherished his wife and daughter above all else .
he showed her the garden which had beds of wild roses in bloom .
it was forbidden to pluck flowers from royal gardens and she feared the severe punishment .
he had followed her into the garden and plucked a wild rose for her .
it was a modest shelter , and being so close to the salty sands of the coast did not do much to encourage the plants in talons small garden to grow , but it was a place he could call his own .
this garden used to be full of butterflies .
i could not see how large it was but there seemed to be gardens there and beautiful houses .
you can work in the garden with me for a while .
someone had started a garden , with an area of ground dug up .
not like the peasants who tended the gardens and smelled like the pigs he d seen going to market in open rickety crates .
the shining domes and spires of churches towered above the buildings and gardens filled with flowers made bright islands of colour among the seething waterways .
then they topped a dune and saw damascus arrayed before them like a garden of golden flowers in the desert .
it seemed to christian that he was walking in the garden of eden after the parched journey through the desert and he relished the damp , cool feel of the leaves on his face .
men tended the gardens and swept the paths , others perched on ladders quietly picking the ripened fruit or pruning the branches with sharp curved blades .
great torches set into the rock lit up bright frescos adorning the walls , one a picture of emerald trees and twisted vines , flowers and soft grasses , a garden of eden .
it was a city famed for the magnificence of its gardens and the fairness of its wise governors , who had a different politic order from the rest of arabia , until one by one the citizens fled , spreading word as they went of howling and screeching and strange happenings in the night .
a garden was established , bright flower beds , an orchard and a wonderful herbarium , full of useful plants .
a chapel , a garden , a gilded statue made in his honour ?
what we 're hoping for , what we 're all hoping for , is time in the garden . ''
i almost hesitated to repeat , ` ` the garden ? ''
` ` the garden nurtures our spirits , oursouls .
the garden is the only place where we 're truly at peace .
i shook my head , and she gestured at the space around us before she wheedled , ` ` i just thought that if you could see this , if i could show you the garden , then you 'd understand why it 's so important to me . ''
` ` th - the garden ? ''
she looked to her left , toward the supposed garden gate .
i wanted to tell her that i could sense her entire garden , that i could understand how wonderful the place was , why she wanted to get inside so desperately .
` ` i told them i was going to try bringing you to the garden , to see if that changed your wish - making process . ''
i wondered how long her visit to the garden would lastshe 'd made it clear that she was n't senior enough to stay there forever .
after all , if i could just settle on my last wish , then teel would be on to her next wisher , that much closer to the garden .
i heard the longing in his voice , almost as strong as when he spoke about the garden .
as if the theater were n't enough to keep me busy , teel pulled me into the nowhere space of the garden every three days , like clockwork .
i sighed in frustration and turned forward again ( not that it made any difference to me , in the great nothingness outside the supposed garden ) .
` ` the stream is running high in the garden , '' he said .
even though you refuse to acknowledge it , the garden exists outside their time , outside their space .
jealous of his ability to sense the garden .
to get into the garden , where i belong .
i glared daggers at her , all good will engendered in the invisible garden completely dissipated .
i 'd told him to back off from dragging me into his invisible garden .
i thought you 'd be grateful to be one wish closer to your stupid garden . ''
i was n't playing fair , taking you to the garden .
i should be able to get something at lyndale garden , that heavy - duty black stuff for putting under flower beds .
teel needed to find two more people , grant six more wishes so that he could enter the garden .
for just a heartbeat , though , i wished that i wanted somethinganythingas much as teel had obviously wanted to enter the garden .
` ` dragging me to your invisible garden .
` ` the garden , '' teel sighed , her longing cutting through the ridiculous business of the contract .
` ` the last time we went to the garden .
` ` if you want to go back to the garden '' she raised her perfect nails to her ears .
and good luck getting into the garden ! ''
just when i thought this place was like the garden of eden , she started , yeah , well , as i recall there was a snake there , too .
we decided to go out of the mall to eat dinner at the olive garden .
she texted back that she would meet me in the garden .
i went outside to the beautiful flower gardens .
there were lilies of all varieties and colors spread throughout the garden in a designed pattern .
for instance , when i plant my garden i call upon the earth and sun to nourish and strengthen my plants .
have you ever noticed that my garden produces much more in quantity and bigger and healthier plants than other peoples gardens ?
have you ever noticed that my garden produces much more in quantity and bigger and healthier plants than other peoples gardens ?
one day momma and i put our vegetable garden in .
this was my first lesson in using my talents to produce a garden .
there was a woman at another house working in a garden .
of course , everyone knows the story of the garden of eden from genesis , and i ' ve also made generous use of the connection between christ 's cross and the tree of life .
chapter 8 father zosimos chapter 9 an unfortunate encounter chapter 10 bounty hunter chapter 11 the gazebo chapter 12 catalin : the cross chapter 13 the vampire den chapter 14 alucius kardasian chapter 15 bounty hunters chapter 16 passion chapter 17 bunic chapter 18 the funeral chapter 19 the medical clinic chapter 20 visit from rutfen and emelia chapter 21 confrontation with father zosimos chapter 22 alu then catalin chapter 23 breakup chapter 24 graveyard conniption chapter 25 hunting vampires chapter 26 home invasion chapter 27 jail chapter 28 millennium road chapter 29 the pleasure dome chapter 30 conversations with the undead chapter 31 the ichor dome chapter 32 a birth chapter 33 court and spark chapter 34 death at shadowrise chapter 35 begging for it chapter 36 reconciliation chapter 37 reckoning chapter 38 silent scythe chapter 39 mary chapter 40 interrogation chapter 41 bloody initiation chapter 42 cheiron , beyond acheron chapter 43 the arsenal chapter 44 battle of ichor dome chapter 45 rush to save heaven and earth chapter 46 battle of pele castle chapter 47 battle of pivni de vinuri chapter 48 another funeral chapter 49 more divine visitors chapter 50 great evil chapter 51 the pearly gates chapter 52 seraph at shadowrise and the lord god said , behold , the man is become as one of us , to know good and evil : and now , lest he put forth his hand , and take also of the tree of life , and eat , and live for ever : therefore the lord god sent him forth from the garden of eden , to till the ground from whence he was taken .
chapter 2 in the beginning ... a testimonial i , catalin of the city of god and counselor of many caretakers of earth 's spiritual realm , was walking amongst the trees of the garden when god evicted adam and eve for eating fruit from the tree of knowledge .
seth , adam and eve 's third son , had the archangel michael fetch a branch of the tree of life from the garden of eden and plant it on his father 's grave .
because of this , god expelled cheiron from the garden , as he had adam and eve , and shouted a disparaging epithet after him .
she could peruse her grandmother 's treasure trove of books , and she loved working in the garden .
when her grandmother finally returned from the market with seedlings for the garden , alex cornered her .
she found the garden hose , turned on the faucet , and washed herself from head to foot with cold water .
chapter 11 the gazebo alex found her grandmother in the garden .
her grandmother was planning a large garden with tomatoes , cucumbers , artichokes , squash , carrots , beats , turnips , onions , radishes , and bell peppers .
alex walked out of the garden and to the hearth where she 'd burned her blood - soaked clothing , scooped the black ashes into a bucket , then returned , and while sprinkling them along a row of tomatoes , she again addressed her questions to her grandmother .
* late that afternoon , they came in from working in the garden , bathed , ate dinner , and sat before the fire .
father zosimos found her wandering through the garden with the hose , trying to water the tomatoes .
she hoped they did n't trample the garden .
they worked the garden on their time off , and it grew as if under professional care .
they had candlelight dinners with fresh vegetables from the garden .
jaklin called him out of the garden .
the tree of life is in the garden of eden .
after being evicted from the garden , adam had his third son , seth , ask the arc angel michael to bring him a branch from the tree of life , which he did .
she left the room to talk to him.alex looked out the kitchen window at the garden , greener and more perfectly managed than she 'd ever seen it throughout the years her grandmother cultivated it .
she walked through the garden , felt the cold soft earth on the bottoms of her feet .
she sat in the garden 's failing light , evening 's darkness creeping in from the forest and invading the tomato and pepper plants .
she could get much of her food from the garden , but she 'd need bread and soy milk from the market .
only one other ever existed , and it in the garden of eden , the same source as your cross . ''
what had alu taken from the garden ?
alex realized she was now trapped between the garden of eden and the lake fed by acheron , known as the river of pain , in a psychic space that was beginning to make a lot more sense .
the feeling left by witnessing the garden had n't dissipated when she 'd woke into the real world .
when i got back from the garden , i saw alu cross acheron , and get this , cosmina voluntarily went back with him . ''
alex found that she 'd left cheiron 's grotto and was headed back toward the garden .
sure enough , there on the other side of the garden , farther down the mountain , was a church made entirely of glass and laced with silver and gold , not one of stone and tiles like the sinaia monastery , but one of unmistakable similarity .
sleep overcame her , and she was again in vampire psychic space on the hill up from the garden viewing the heavenly version of pele castle .
she surprised a man in a backyard working in his garden , but before he could get a good look at her , she was upon him , biting and sucking a little blood .
somehow alu had used that box from the garden of eden inside vampire psychic space to transform them from ferals into an exalted form of vampire worthy of mixing with the royalty of europe .
uh - huh , the oinkers ; those pink - skinned baby orcs who keep tearing up our gardens whenever we turn our back .
okay , the piglets have agreed not to root through your gardens if you would set aside a little of your grain so they and berta could have dinner every night .
they were tending their gardens secure in the knowledge their wearwolf duties were no longer necessary .
the piglets were made for garden preparation .
it arrived at the point where they were planting gardens for apologetic purposes .
the figure was about to pass out at the window which led to a kind of balcony , from whence there was an easy descent to a garden .
they hesitated no longer , but at once rushed into the balcony , and from thence dropped into the garden .
at the end of this vista was the wall of the garden .
they saw it bound from the ground to the top of the wall , which it very nearly reached , and then each time it fell back again into the garden with such a dull , heavy sound , that the earth seemed to shake again with the concussion .
this was at once agreed to , and the whole three of them made what expedition they could towards a gate which let into a paddock , across which they hurried , and soon found themselves clear of the garden wall , so that they could make way towards where they fully expected to find the body of him who had worn so unearthly an aspect , but who it would be an excessive relief to find was human .
in the back room beyond the lounge they find an old man sitting alone , looking out into the darkness of his garden .
there are cured meats , breads , seeds and edible flowers from my own garden .
shortly thereafter , the three of them stumbled upon the horses , who d found a garden still full of fresh plants and beanstalks upon which to graze , no doubt the work of the nearby elves .
to their eager questions henry replied , ask me not now ; and then calling to charles , he said , remain where you are , charles , while i run down to the garden immediately beneath the balcony .
marchdale and charles holland clambered over the balcony , and easily , from its insignificant height , dropped into the garden .
in here , he said and they followed him into the overgrown garden at the back of the derelict house .
the party made a strict search through every nook and corner of the garden , but it proved to be a fruitless one : not the least trace of any one could be found .
clasping his hands , then , behind his back , a favourite attitude of his when he was in deep contemplation , he paced to and fro in the garden for some time in deep thought .
she said ; meet me an hour hence in the garden , and we will talk of this .
adelung , as the heidelberg professor asserted , had named the vale of cashmere as the probable site of the garden of eden , and the place of origin of the human race , but later investigators had taken issue with this opinion , and the question where the aryans originated upon the earth had long been one of the most puzzling that science presented .
` ` this is n't some walk in the gardens , kemeny , '' draegon finally stammered .
but instead of seeing the ring of keidenelle , roark and his opponent , she saw a garden in full bloom , a flowering courtyard , complete with a small pond and stone benches .
what was that garden ?
a quick peep through the curtains confirmed her suspicion as the shadows had already grown long over the cracked paving stones and abandoned fridge in smiths garden .
our readers will recollect that flora bannerworth had made an appointment with charles holland in the garden of the hall .
perhaps i ought to account for my appearance in the garden at all , added the insinuating stranger .
the other two leapt over the shattered glass and pursued him into the garden .
weeds grew in the once - tidy garden and there were slates missing from the roof .
table of contents prologue chapter 1 ken and megs flight chapter 2 the garden of peace chapter 3 at the city chapter 4 unexpected welcome chapter 5 the feast of eclipse chapter 6 the story of fair lady chapter 7 dream and true song chapter 8 acceptance of fate chapter 9 tulitta chapter 10 megs voyage chapter 11 mishap at the castle chapter 12 sakuratta chapter 13 difference in perspectives chapter 14 sounds of war chapter 15 magic and farewell chapter 16 the fate epilogue prologue in the beginning , everything was empty .
chapter 2 : the garden of peace meg was dreaming , a dream filled with sweet memories and fragrance .
in fact , she and ken were in the middle of a rose garden , whose edges not visible .
* * * away from the garden in a castle , a bell started to ring loudly , triggered by the wind .
someone has intruded the garden of peace !
group c , d , and e , follow us roseknights and ready to respond to my call near the garden !
* * * away from the garden and the castle , an old man cloaked in gray coat sensed the wind passing him .
* * * meg and ken were walking down the small passage in the rose garden .
you have intruded the garden of peace , and that is good enough a reason .
we found ourselves in the garden .
intruders into the garden of peace !
you mean the alarm of the garden of peace ?
the brother and sister were taken from the gate through the cozy gardens to the castle .
they vaguely noticed that the gardens again only had roses , but this time in various colors .
and what were you doing in the garden of peace ?
i have every right to punish intruders into the garden of peace , especially those who dared to approach the fountain !
the garden of peace ?
the garden of peace !
you dared to enter the garden of peace , so the alarm was activated .
meg said , remembering the unnaturally warm wind they experienced earlier in the rose garden .
what evil plans have you been implementing in our garden ?
then how did you get into the garden ?
it is impossible for anybody to fly into the garden .
i apologize for interruption , captain curlipius cut in , come to think of it , neither the fences nor the gates of the garden had traces of breaking - in .
did you notice anything else strange in the garden ?
well , i found a petal of cherry blossom and a leaf of peppermint beside them in the garden .
i did nt bring them with me , but i thought it was unusual to see such plants in the garden .
why did you treat us like that in the rose garden ?
the garden is the most sacred place in our kingdom , and only rosettalians are allowed to enter .
we sent the men to check the garden again , but it was apparent they came from nowhere .
they came from nowhere into the garden .
in the rose garden we found ourselves in , said meg abruptly .
the place we found you two is called the garden of peace .
the garden is not only the place for our ancestors , but also for our descendants .
the garden of peace is also a place of birth .
when a male rosettalian and a female rosttalian fall in love and marry , they go to the garden of peace .
the newly - wed couple , when they are ready to welcome a new member to their family , takes a baby rose with them from the garden .
when they exit the garden , that rose takes the form of a human baby .
as we are from the same garden , we usually do not differ in size greatly , except for me , i believe .
anyway , the problem we are facing concerns the garden .
there is a fountain in the middle of the garden called the fountain of bara .
it is the provider of pure water for the garden and the entire kingdom .
mothy had asked ken if he could go take a stroll in the garden under the moon , so ken was alone in his room .
he noticed that its gardens only had tulips .
he used to sneak out of the castle at night , spending a night in the moonlit garden .
it was true that his son had been kidnapped when he was playing in the castle garden more than 25 years ago .
this garden of peace is the place i was talking about .
all the flowers were retrieved , and were carefully replaced in the gardens .
emelia was in a small garden interspersed by engraved stones .
her own breathing seemed to be astonishingly loud in the silence of this curious garden and her breath left a vapour trail behind her as she crept to the door .
in a flat voice she said that leaving the keep would be punishment enough , and that if she tried such tomfoolery at the enclave shed be living on a lily pad in the arch - mages garden .
the gardens of versica ?
i have nt seen this many weeds since i last visited sir tinkeks garden .
through the gaps she could see the ornate gardens of hegris grachs villa sprawling out towards the orchard and the perimeter wall .
the villa was shaped like a horseshoe with wings to the north , west and east and the hollow in its centre was occupied by gardens and a courtyard .
each step reverberated through her bursting head as she sprinted through the gardens .
and it was just after 6:06am when i stepped into the crisp morning air and began to dig a hole in the back garden .
from here there was a view of a small garden situated at the buildings rear , including a decorative pond and selection of flowering plants .
i nodded , thinking of the two cat corpses in my back garden .
the automated gate opened at my arrival , allowing me to travel the endless driveway and weave my way up into the garden of the defence training offices .
you ll have enforcers camping out in the garden .
kind of like finding out a gang of thieves had been living in your garden , going completely undetected despite having a club house and team flag .
the angels move the cursed axe into the garden of eden so that the humans can tour the garden before they go to heaven : uhh , yeah , we were having too much degeneration in libya , and incubus team was only gon na keep devolving them .
the angels move the cursed axe into the garden of eden so that the humans can tour the garden before they go to heaven : uhh , yeah , we were having too much degeneration in libya , and incubus team was only gon na keep devolving them .
* * * today , as trak approaches her forest cave , he sees the old mother standing hunched over her herb garden .
the zoo reminds her mother of home and summers playing in her fathers gardens .
on the top of the mountain gardens are fitted into the volcanos ancient crater , accessible only by passing through the temple .
it is in the gardens that myrel attends school along with hundreds of other children who live in holy mountain .
myrel tells him of her butterfly garden .
he looks for her in the gardens in the volcanos ancient crater .
she begins by collecting firewood against the coming winter and tending her grandmothers late summer garden .
they go into the gardens .
when the three had finished eating a large dinner , they walk in the gardens atop the cliff and watch the setting sun .
when it is fully dark , ghad samraet appears in the garden and approaches trak .
the only part of the earths surface that the white goblins actually control is the garden in the crater of the ancient volcano .
ghad has to station soldiers in the garden to warn people not to stare at the sun or risk blindness .
we will assemble in the gardens atop the mountain and begin our flight from there .
the citizens of neu ardonbrae are stumbling through the citys streets , and wraiths are assembling in the garden atop the mountain .
grab the injured and head for the garden , ghad orders .
once in the garden atop holy mountain , trak is relieved .
many arrive in the garden with provisions they had assembled for their exodus .
trak is surprised to see king lorring in the garden .
he caught glimpses of the world outside , the crisp blue sky , the warm , glorious sun , casting its light upon the trees , the plains , the gardens , the buildings .
reconvene tomorrow morning in the alleys east of the nearest garden .
it was once a garden with a pond , but now it was nothing more than a worn lot at first glance .
he d been the only one who knew about the vegetable garden .
the town rose like a garden of color , buildings close enough to kiss the clouds , as thousands of people moved about their daily lives .
a typical residential street , lined with grand victorian homes , white picket fences , flower gardens , people mowing their lawns , kids laughing and playing , also barking family pets .
as the sound of her grating voice filled the air once more , with her false teeth spitting and moving as she spoke , that dog of yours dug up my garden !
below him flowers and bushes grew among trees in a square garden .
so many well - ordered buildings , the garden , the horses stock - still in the sunlight , flicking at flies with their tails , yet no man that he could see .
they led the way clown the steps and around the temple in the direction of the garden .
they reached the garden and followed the two priests around its perimeter .
they pointed to the house at the end of the garden , beside the back wall of the temple , similar to the wash - house in materials and construction , and set off walking in its direction .
will you walk with me in the garden , korkungal ?
korkungal followed him as he went around the garden and behind the temple .
he trotted around the back of the temple , between the dwellings gathered about the little garden , past the pond , and across the stony common to the corrals .
they walked to the eating house at the edge of the garden , passing in the shadow of the temple .
afterwards , they went and sat under the trees in the garden and dozed in the rising heat of the early day .
towards noon , a young priest came and spoke to harmesh , who rose up , complaining loudly to klimbah , and sulkily followed the priest out of the garden .
harmesh led him to the two - storied mud brick building behind the garden square and mockingly bowed him into a large room on the ground floor .
the blank wall of the temple rose up before him in the sunlight and the dwellings fronting the garden were inert and silent .
on the way , they decided to take a shortcut through a fascinating garden .
once inside the garden , they faced a large white tiger coming toward them .
the king put me in this garden about a year ago .
chapter five after the tournament was over , chadwick and lucinda stopped by the garden on the way back to the castle .
one day , chadwick and lucinda were having a picnic in the garden when they saw the tiger , charla , coming toward them .
one day , he was walking in the garden and i recognized him .
king charlemagne turned her into a tiger and put her into the garden .
the cake was made to look like a lovely garden with red and pink roses on each tier .
food was plentiful here , and fertile plots had been sown with seed to create lavish gardens and orchards for fruits .
she had sung a song to herself , and kneeled in the garden at the side of the house , and dreamed of things she could not remember now .
down the right side of the driveway , all along a fence that ran beside it , was a little garden .
the garden was mostly bare this time of year .
a woman knelt in the garden about halfway down the driveway .
that s where she would go when she had a choice the gardens in her mind .
miraculously , those outside the wall will search in vain to find this land at all , if you insist , you 're free to go your way ; but be advised , you will have gone to stay -- an ancient prophecy foretells the fall of all who venture past this garden 's wall . ''
no gardens need be tended .
affairs had reached a sorry pass , when apes were forced to brachiate like jackanapes when some mere ogre , with an evil eye and taste for garden sculpture , wandered by !
afterwards they would stroll in the sculpted gardens , along pink and gray gravel paths , to the fountains spray against the rising moon .
i simply exist here , like the wooden beams that support my cottage , or the perennials whose roots have burrowed in my garden for years here before my arrival .
bones could be rattling under her feet in the creaking boards , bones supporting the roots of her little vegetable garden , bones holding down the earth and holding up the house ; a close network of old bones familiar only to themselves and their histories , and shutting out the young dane who had settled in like a cowbird , robbing someone elses nest .
this morning , as the muffins baked , she took a quick stroll about her herb garden , and when she returned the familiar aroma hung peacefully about the kitchen , reminding her of days when things were less complicated , and life was effortless .
elsa was quite perplexed by this strange behavior , but nevertheless made her way around the neatly trimmed hedges and flower garden to the front entrance of todds cottage .
my back yard herb garden has tarragon , coriander , and parsley , along with a neverending supply of dill .
a vote on whether to terminate pregnancies that are growing ethnically pure fetuses ( a result of inbreeding ) will be held on thursday , at 9:33 a.m. * a phoenix was removed from the imperial sculpture garden in vienna yesterday .
lets take a walk in the garden , she said , reminding him that he had come to tibet to survey its landscape .
but out in the garden , on the other side , with omar and kolya , she had new senses to contend with : sounds and smells and textures that enveloped her , and filled her with so much of the bared earth that she could not retain a discriminating , or meditative , faculty .
the iron scent of her blood mingled with the damp earths , and drew her down until she felt that there had never been another home for her but this garden .
she tended her house and garden as well as she tended kolya , and her contributions to letters from novosibirsk came to a categorical halt .
and lastly , the scent of the garden behind the cottage in tibet where kolya had been born .
there was still a garden , but now it held a huge , silent train .
i would sooner say it 's like a bed of mulch over a garden .
dorothy looked down at a hefty rock , the size of a football , sitting in what used to be the front garden .
exquisite white stone villas stood silent in the midst of their lush gardens and sapphire ponds , guilty bystanders of the storm raging outside the city walls .
does our garden shock you ?
the high - walled garden behind her manse would thwart any prying eyes .
at least the roses in her garden added a pleasant , masking sweetness .
luncheon had been served out in the tarians garden , a fine meal of sauted greens , fresh - baked rosemary bread , grilled pheasant , mushroom bisque , and herb - encrusted pork loin .
at least out in the garden , dardan had not had to speak much .
they d gotten to meet a second time , two days ago , for another walk in the garden behind the tarians manse .
beyond it lay the foreyard , a broad , simple garden decorated along its edges with yet more slender oil lamps burning bright .
the red carpet continued through the center of the garden , through another archway and out of sight .
katin finally had to send the girl out to the gardens to get some air .
it was surrounded by a hundred and ten acres of grounds , gardens , stables and other utility buildings .
merely because shed allowed him to take her on long walks around the tarians gardens ?
then they re waiting at the baronesss garden ?
afterward dardan asked amira for a walk in the gardens , which she accepted .
dardan recounted their conversation in the garden .
choose a tree , edon said , looking down into the gardens below .
it was only one story above the gardens below ; too far to jump , but perhaps if she had a rope of some kind it would still not do to be seen , so katin went back inside after only a few minutes , and spent the rest of the day looking through tayas wardrobe , wondering how she might fashion a rope out of the clothes there .
the little wooden house had a garden around back .
edward , go out in the garden and play .
liam carefully cleaned his travel - worn clothes and washed himself in the cordways garden , hidden from prying eyes by the tall hedge .
you might have even seen my mother tending the garden near the cliff .
i do nt remember seeing a castle or a garden .
my grandma 's garden .
chapter 17 henry had settled tasha in a quiet sitting room that over looked a beautiful flower garden full of fall flowers .
this , jake circled a small area with his finger is a communal garden .
there is a large park , and i mean large , over here to the side , then the rest of the land is filled with gardens , fruit and nut trees and bushes .
this garden area here is all cleared , but the berry bushes in back are thick with over growth and there are plenty of places for us to hide .
she drove to the garden and parked her car in the spot that jake had indicated .
she saw the van pass on the street , driving past her location , but once tasha had stepped up onto the community garden grounds , she heard it park and shut off .
tasha knew that roberts had to drag her back through the orchard and the garden to get her back to his van .
it began when samuel demanded to be allowed into the garden .
the view was a marvel with its surrounding hills and large orchards , gardens and pools that encircled a splendid house .
some of these grew from perfectly groomed beds at the base of the structure , and some of them fell down from the rock gardens which were a part of the upper courts that , in turn , helped provide coolness for the warm mediterranean summers .
to one side was a small raised garden with an abundance of vines and shrubs .
the middle plaza was surrounded by apple and fig trees with small set - off gardens and benches for resting .
` ` and kezmin , is she a garden which shall never bloom for my sake ?
plants pruned to flawless perfection , as well as small gardens of lavishly groomed flowers , several fruit bearing trees , and lush hangs of grapes , stone vases and small pools of crystal clear water , all surrounded him in its quaint loveliness .
the bathing pool was lavish with lovely gardens and sculptured fountains , green vines and shrubs embracing the sunken bath .
as the moments fled by , the young woman finished her bathing , stepped out of the pool and , after wrapping herself , departed the garden .
a modest but exceedingly lovely vineyard stood near the house on the north side , having , also a beautiful garden terrace between it and the prophet 's dwelling .
at the center of this garden court was a large stone table much like nathan remembered having sat at with the holy man , anakia , on hermon and here he now sat , meditating .
he always loved it when she came to the garden and they walked for a few moments together in its loveliness .
but even as the words fell from his lips he found himself rising from the stone table within his own garden court and zenmarria had vanished !
enormous bouquets of beautiful flowers from some of the king 's fairest gardens were placed fresh along the center of the table each day .
david had now reentered the garden after stepping out of the sepulture and was headed back to the palace .
solomon himself had built this lavish garden in the hillside with a marvelous path paved of garnished limestone rocks winding up all the way to its stately enclosure .
an abundance of vivid red roses lined the garden on two sides and , along with these , were a profusion of lush vines that grew up vigorously to cover not only the stone walls of the garden but also a very large part of the heavy , cedar trellis that formed an arbor over the entire enclosure .
an abundance of vivid red roses lined the garden on two sides and , along with these , were a profusion of lush vines that grew up vigorously to cover not only the stone walls of the garden but also a very large part of the heavy , cedar trellis that formed an arbor over the entire enclosure .
several other smaller fountains were also placed within the garden .
trimmed grass , carefully groomed , as well as beds of gorgeous native flowers covered the entire earth within the garden .
it was truly a lovely garden and the day itself was brilliant !
large gardens surrounded it on all sides and , in the front , the glorious bronze pool or sea of bronze as it was called , held up by twelve massive oxen , was suspended between heaven and earth , reflecting its own meaning for all to ponder .
i mean , where s your herb garden for creating potions or steaming witchs cauldron ?
a normal person could nt have done this ; the rock was huge , almost a boulder the kind you d use for decoration in a garden .
it was an old , but well maintained estate with a huge garden big enough to be called a courtyard .
the three of them stepped through the gate and into the large garden , where one of the chambermaids spotted them .
the small birds residing within kin was singing highly pitched tunes as they flew around the streets and gardens of the residents district .
it grows in ginas rose garden .
' s'posed to be doin ' the garden today .
a commendation might just be the thing to persuade his wife that neglecting the upkeep of the garden was inevitable in carrying out his military duties and therefore she might consider not emasculating him .
within the expansive palace were libraries of scrolls and books stacked high , as well as a section of small apartments where courtly visitors stayed , plus an elaborately gilded dancing and music room , a triclinium dining hall , ornate community baths and elaborately landscaped garden rooms .
in the main garden .
kakri rounded a corner and went through an open corridor that would lead her to the garden .
flowers dotted the landscape among the trees , and at the center of the garden a waterfall rushed to the earth coming over the wall from high above .
far below she saw a garden and what appeared to be the bottom of the building enclosed but a tall wall that bordered the ponds they had seen on their way here .
it was his daughter , happily playing in the palaces garden where he had left her only moments before .
my garden , everyone , you must see my garden !
my garden , everyone , you must see my garden !
the garden ; at last carey could remember the day shed been in the garden .
the garden ; at last carey could remember the day shed been in the garden .
one area , the eastern bailey he supposed , appeared to be neatly organized , with orchards and gardens , while the western bailey was more overgrown , possibly abandoned .
but when he did not find them amidst those orchards and gardens , he headed for the back bailey , which turned out to be more of a lawn that contained the barracks in the east , the jousting field , and the training yard at the western corner .
the gardens and the orchards in that direction would be pleasant enough for her to look at after taking such a long , arduous journey through the popo hills .
fobata remarked as they crossed into the garden .
in a sense , then , it could be said that one human lived in the wood , for the trees so surrounded the gate of the church and the fence that encircled the cemetery in the back , the simple garden and well to either side , that the church was never free of its presence .
father brion was contented by this arrangement ; the faerie child still peeked at him while he weeded the garden , while he drew water from the well , while he prayed in the cemetery for the souls of the departed , but he felt his conscience at ease knowing that she was not starving .
he made his trips into the village less , and he sat outside more on the bench in the part of the garden that held the flowers .
on closer inspection , the dress looked as though it had been made from tightly woven plant - like fibers , and the blue dots were shaped like the giant bluebells she had given him to plant in his garden .
no , he thought with a sigh , as he turned away from the window , there was no hidden evil in the land of calundra ; it was all boringly laid out gardens and profitable green fields and quaint little towns .
father jared did not like clothing any more than he liked luxury and wealth , or trees , or fancy gardens , or tales of the bard .
the manor was fronted by a decorative garden , with four apple trees equally spaced around a statue of a naked woman .
she tended the garden to the side , pulling the weeds and humming to the flowers .
she appeared inside the fence , as he was nailing broken slats back into place on the trellis at the side of the church , which separated the cemetery from the garden .
in the midst of the sunny warmth of the next day , which was strangely bright for the wood , he sat on the bench in the flower garden , and gazed off into nowhere .
to the left side of the palace there was a servants entrance , not quite all the way in the rear , for that would have put them in the palace gardens .
father jared had a feeling that these were not the same roses originally planted in the garden of the church , but he did nt ask .
she had been sent out to the herb garden to pick rosemary for the cook .
he was walking by himself in the formal palace gardens , which adjoined the kitchen garden by a small brick - lined arch .
she was standing in the kitchen garden with a dirt - smudged skirt , and the handsomest lord in the palacefor she could nt help knowing that he wasand also the most charmingfor who could fail to admit that eitherhad just told her that she was lovely .
it must have taken a great deal of courage for him to have come out into the herb garden like that .
when she finally tracked him down and took him to task about it , he apologized profusely for what he d said in the garden , telling her that shed taken the opposite of what he meant .
pretty soon , amandie could nt help wishing that hawk had been the one to take hold of her hand in the herb garden , and refuse to give it back .
soon the back of the palace garden was filled with couples .
there was the sound of hushed human laughter , and the rustle of feet in and around the garden and the palace .
there were several times when he almost lost the child , zigzagging in and out of back streets , through the side doors of a neglected garden , and down an endless pair of steps that terminated in an apparent cul - de - sac with a concealed opening behind the last somber - looking house .
fortunately , not everyone in the palace was terrified of her ; many had listened to her song in the garden , which by now had become a favorite tale in and of itself .
several long weeks stretched between a drowsy afternoon in the palace gardens and the wedding itself and purity was not a thing to be trifled with ; no , not with all that rested on her keeping whatever remained of her poor mangled mark .
she escaped into the garden one day after breakfast to see what there was to work with , and found it even more depressing than she had thought .
a wall of dark trees had grown up almost to the edge of the palace ; some had even pushed their way in between the emerald green bushes of the garden itself .
it really was a sweeping view of the palace gardens , amandie thought again , even if it did nt seem to be much of a garden anymore .
show me your gardens while you tell me what ails you , and i will see what i may do to assuage whatever troubles you so .
arm in arm , they moved out of the throne room and down a small corridor to a pair of gilded double doors , which opened to reveal sunlight on a large garden filled with fruits and flowers .
his gardens truly were superb , and seemed to go on endlessly .
perhaps they would refrain from trampling your lovely gardens as they passed through ?
after the vibrant colors of the garden , the stone hall seemed as dark and silent as the grave .
i love your garden , amborella said , but your landscaper has given you all white flowers , because you told him you were only going to visit at night .
peering through the slats of the fence revealed an untamed garden , a pair of hairy legs halfway down a set of stairs and a slobbering german shepherd poised just opposite her .
jacob whyte owns a bookshop on edward street , down at the botanical gardens end .
the gazebo in the botanical gardens in the city , in one hour .
some of your other garden varieties worked very well in the sunlight .
we stopped by the gates of the garden .
erin scrambled on her belly toward the cover of the garden bed in the neighbouring yard .
they were we d in the palace gardens , which form the heart of the palace .
after speaking their marriage vows , the couple planted a living tree there in the gardens , a tribute to their love .
send a helicopter , a swat team ... '' ` ` we 'll cut through the garden of the gods park .
they turned into the drive along garden of the gods rd . , passing through the campsite , and eventually into the park .
` ` we cut through the park , '' blacky replied , ` ` come out on garden of the gods rd .
they exited the park onto garden of the gods rd . , turning east toward the interstate .
the sun turned the endless blue afternoon sky into a starry gray hue while angel and i walked along a slightly hidden garden behind the mall .
i smiled at the sight of them , this young , seemingly innocent couple , the ones that manicured their garden , chatted with their neighbors , and waved to the kids walking down the street from school were cold - blooded killers , with the most disgusting ways of living .
she looked over the sea of heads and spotted him retreating out the doors leading to the garden .
being with you , reminds me of the garden of eden from the chronicle .
hunter the eden chronicles the garden of eden the garden of death the aqua saga the aqua secret the adelaide paige saga first glance standalone books treacherous ( 18 + ) coming soon the much anticipated second book in the legend of the archangel series the chronicles of blood and stone coming july 13 , 2014 l.l .
hunter the eden chronicles the garden of eden the garden of death the aqua saga the aqua secret the adelaide paige saga first glance standalone books treacherous ( 18 + ) coming soon the much anticipated second book in the legend of the archangel series the chronicles of blood and stone coming july 13 , 2014 l.l .
its very rainy compared to other parts of the year and usually when people plant gardens and farmers plant their crops for growing food , i added .
the king had left the throne room for the gardens .
king glome was seated in his royal seat , having just returned from the gardens , and clapped his hands when the guard brought carrie before him .
i do n't really know you and mrs . huffity was supposed to start our winter garden today .
simon 's rural home was supplied with a few new appliances and ' western ' furniture , as well as basic amenities like having some hay delivered and the garden tilled .
after filling the small garden shed with lawn equipment and eventually giving the house a shine , brody and kate considered that comprehensive chore of simon 's ranch complete .
there was no path to follow , and she had to reorient herself after venturing around a large rock outcropping and an extensive pile made of rusty bicycles , broken garden tools , ladders in disrepair , and a plethora of children 's discarded toys .
along the edge of the house stretched the vegetable garden , which yielded enough to fill the root cellar and keep them through the winter .
chapter 16 keira smiled to herself as she ambled around the garden , shears in one hand , basket in the other , snipping long stems of herbs to be hung and dried .
there was a walled garden adjacent to the donjon which keira supposed was a kitchen garden , while beyond that was a pleasure garden , bright hues competing with the greens of the trees and lawn .
there was a walled garden adjacent to the donjon which keira supposed was a kitchen garden , while beyond that was a pleasure garden , bright hues competing with the greens of the trees and lawn .
there was a walled garden adjacent to the donjon which keira supposed was a kitchen garden , while beyond that was a pleasure garden , bright hues competing with the greens of the trees and lawn .
needing no further encouragement , the two children turned around and took off across the courtyard , chasing a frightened chicken before veering off towards the gardens .
it was a small garden , easily searched , and a small bench against the wall would have made a good hiding place .
when she did nt find anna there , keira headed over to the pleasure gardens .
i did nt mean to spy on you , its just that i was in the gardens and you came this way , see ?
epilogue anna leaned against the window , staring into the garden below .
after the trail disappeared and he found himself hurrying towards nowhere , he chastised himself for being taken in by the beauty of the garden .
sanziana pointed to the slow dissolution of the beautiful garden as the decay grew closer .
the idea is insane , since mary was told by an angel that she would bear the savior and christ himself was nt comforted by god in the garden of gethsemane before his crucifixion .
we will create justice again on earth and bring god back to the garden of eden after it was expelled by our selfish delusions .
after passing ornate bronze gates , he entered an elaborate garden while trees exploded in the bloom of the season with a vibrant pink that was almost translucent .
he walked by wandering peacocks who called the garden home and heard giggling beyond rows of perfectly - trimmed bushes where the governor took meditative walks near a shrine built to worship the memory of his wife .
onozawa went to the garden where the daimyo spent the last hours of every day conferring with the courts astrologers about the movement of the stars and any portents of superstition that could be found .
* * * * * after the dead bodies were collected in the garden and the generals set up guards at the bronze gates to ward off visitors , onozawa left yukios room with a plan of action and found katsushiro satsuma deliberating over the corpse of their former shogun .
if you want to see them again , step outside and walk through the garden .
* * * * * he rode across the grasslands and entered the main path to the governors compound , where the wind carried the scent of the flowers in hideyoshis garden .
lately the man acted more strangely than usual , gathering his oracles in the garden instead of inside the temple , as if he wanted to make his presence known for all to see .
narmek found the man in the garden , kneeling in front of the ancient statue of the old ones , the headless sculpture of stone towering over him .
he searched through the knot of servants working in the garden , mud splattering their clothes as they picked the vegetables needed for tonights meal .
they d managed through the winter with only a fire at night to keep them warm , while sanrev hunted and picked the wild vegetables from the overgrown garden in back to keep them fed .
a place where trees and plants only grew in castle gardens , and the forests were all buried beneath layers of ruined cities .
i have a little garden where i grow tomatoes and such .
she went off the observatory , over the courtyard and the rows of trees and gardens within .
small fences enclosed gardens full of vegetables and herbs .
the garden must be weeded , the house painted , the roof repaireduseless to keep a list .
the drapes were drawn back so she could look out at her garden , where the earliest flowers budded .
she also knows about earth people and their gardens , and about water people and their mercurial nature .
after retiring from a long career as rider for a small barn , mum had enjoyed six years in her flower garden .
in the doorway , she watched mums gaze return to the garden outside the window .
her eyes strayed to the window and the colorful flowers in her garden .
an earth persons garden , or children , are as important to them as an air persons dreams .
when he played with glynis , he wanted to work in the garden .
i think for a moment about shitting in her nicely made little garden by reminding her i m an eyewitness to her high society execution , but the truth is the perverted old bastard deserved what he got and the spoilt little rich girl probably saved my life .
but fortunately her bedroom had a small patio that connected to the side of the house , and a set of french doors that led out into the garden .
she followed the crazy warrior monk called brick out of her garden and into the night .
tyndareus had a palace of gardens and courtyards , and atreus was turning mycenae into a mercantile city with large new agora for merchants to trade in .
crescas home was small compared to those , modest even , but it had seven rooms on two floors and a tiny garden on the roof .
the two men were sitting in a roof garden , at a table in the shade of a citron tree .
dormitory houses stood between the temples , low - built but graceful , with herb gardens alongside and chickens picking at the ground in coops built against the walls .
the cobbles were cold through his boots , and though the sun beat down , warming the gardens and lakes , he shivered at what was before him .
he plucked a single rose from a bush in the garden , and placed it in the grave with her .
the leaping leopard inn was loud and packed , and as merlon grasped nathans hand and shook it warmly , he shouted , come , i have a table in the garden , well not be disturbed .
i could nt be with them in the gardens of the kingdom .
the garden was walled , but each wall was covered with climbing vines , and so there seemed endless vistas of the natural world .
i found a peaceful meditation garden a few streets away i d like to show you .
looking around , chaeli could see nothing but a huge expanse of limestone wall , until adley opened the gate , revealing another garden inside ; huge expanses of lawn spread away from the walls , with partitioned sections in which people practised their own channelling .
they were the only ones in the garden .
the palace gardener was a man of no small talent , and lodden was proud to have worked with him on the irrigation system that kept the gardens lush even under the blazing lyrian sun .
as always , he was bewitched by the fragrances that wafted through the walkways on the breaths of warm air from the garden .
i do not think we shall meet again this side of the veil , but when you get to the gardens of paradise , look for me i shall be waiting at a shady table with a skin of wine .
he knows he can only delay the carnage , but if he saves one child by his actions , he will go to the gardens of paradise confident that he was the best king that he could have been .
if the gardens exist , i shall see you there , my friend .
it felt as if a little piece of the gardens of paradise had fallen from the afterlife into this stinking , primitive place , and his heart soared .
when i became maker , the gardens in the palace were sparse and a little scrubby .
then i devised a system of channels fed by the river , and diverted water into little streamlets that ran through the gardens , into the bathhouse to fill the tanks there , and then helped to wash the waste into the sewers .
the palace gardener and i worked to make sure that all the garden was watered .
if the gardens were dry , why did no - one invent this before ?
no - one could walk in the gardens while the fountain was on and so the garden could only be watered at night but lyria is too hot and dry for that to suffice .
no - one could walk in the gardens while the fountain was on and so the garden could only be watered at night but lyria is too hot and dry for that to suffice .
food for us or for our animals , or to sell , or even just plants in the garden .
the pair of them darted through the crowd and out into the garden , making their way back to the relative calm of the workshop , where lyria closed the door and set her back to it .
in lyria they say that the afterlife is like a beautiful garden full of wine , women and so on , which does nt make it any more likely .
i do nt really think it will be like a beautiful garden , or a skral hall , or even a silver sea as our own legends suggest after all , how would we know ?
he abandoned the ballroom and walked directly across the hall , down the passage adorned with armor , crossed swords , axes , and spontaneous tapestries of gardens visited by unicorns or other mythical beasts , and to ithans study .
sunlight peeked through in random places , glistening off dew - kissed petals or the incessantly moving wings of the bees and small birds that tended to the lush garden .
korsten could feel the cooler air of night outside as he stepped into the garden .
a particular strand of deep red lilies , drooping as if in slumber , just like all the othersall the countless others that filled the peculiar garden .
he d been debating the matter since leaving the garden , and ashwin , last night .
the bees in the garden where the lilies grew gathered the pollen to make a unique blushed honey that was harvested by the mages and included in several recipes for various foods , beverages , and even medicines at the seminary .
they will die carrying their bond mates soul back here , to the garden .
just as he had in the lily garden .
it is difficult enough outliving the mages who operate beyond the seminary walls and who are brought back to us in spirit only , destined to reside in the garden until a piece of them returns in the body of another .
their soul - keepers would stay with them , since they lived only for them , and one dayperhaps sooner nowthey would return to the lily garden from which they d been spawned , alone .
~ the lily garden was lush and full of vivid red blossoms when ashwin began his stroll through it that evening .
to die in the garden ?
~ after leaving merran , ashwin proceeded directly to the lily garden , to the vine that had stemmed of adreas premature death .
in the next instant , he thought of the lily garden .
he would sacrifice all the centuries behind him and any that may have been left to him just to see korsten safe again , to know that a visit to the garden would nt be another lesson in agony as he waited , dreading analees lone return .
korsten lay with his mentor , receiving nothing but the careful affection he had always received , from the moment he and ashwin first met in the lily garden .
i knew you were safe and i knew you d get back here , where ashwin would wrap you in the garden vines if he had to in order to keep you from placing yourself in danger again with the hopes of righting what went wrong .
and that was lifes constant course ; to change and to challenge those who lived it to survive and to growto renew itself and continue on , just as it had at the seminary , reflective each day in the lilies in the garden , and the blood each of the mages carried , and the magic stored in their souls , and in the souls of all living things .
she had a dreamy expression as she followed amaryllis blindly through the garden .
nodding , mallory continued through the garden , followed by me .
we continued along what looked like a garden , except every plant and tree was withered and gray .
in the yard was a thriving vegetable garden .
he is content looking after the horses , goats and running the vegetable gardens .
` ` why , are you thinking of starting a vegetable garden ? ''
` ` it 's a garden . ''
so god built a garden near some rivers , which was guarded by a sword that flashed back and forth day and night .
he called the garden nede .
there was a man called mada and a woman called eve and one day they dove past the swords and into the garden .
one day they were walking in the garden when they came across a beautiful tree , more beautiful than any other in the garden .
one day they were walking in the garden when they came across a beautiful tree , more beautiful than any other in the garden .
` ` we shall stay in the garden forever , '' said eve .
there were plenty of trees in the palace gardens that it could perch on , yet it would only rest on the trees outside the palace grounds .
would you accompany me in the gardens , melanie ?
i followed dillon out to the garden .
thus intelligent animals without exception wander about in the garden of nature .
maybe he had picked the wrong one out of his magic garden .
the queen found me in her marble garden .
i spent some of my in the gardens , and wandering the halls .
the gardens was a delightful place , compared to the rest of the city that i had seen .
i knew it could nt be prettier than the gardens .
it was on a summer evening such as this , when , as he walked and thought , comforted by the gentle hiss of the toxic gas seeping from the discarded containers of industrial waste , that grendel missed his path home and wandered , by mistake , into the gardens of the biggest beer hall there has ever been .
he knew that no troll would ever be welcome in the beautiful orchards and gardens that had been planted to obscure the view of the ugly brewery and the polluted lake .
what are you doing in the great kings garden ?
grendel ran blindly until he found himself in a far corner of the beer hall gardens where he flung himself down into the undergrowth .
chapter three in which a revolutionary assassin stalks the beer hall gardens , and a friend of the king has a misadventure .
in recent evenings , he had taken to watching the guards who secured the gardens and the beer hall even more closely and he had noticed how they fiddled with the locks and chains .
there was evidence that the beast did enter the royal gardens , through the wire , over the eastern orchard wall and , likely as not , escaped over the wall in the same general vicinity .
the king , he started , the king is angry that you live and go in his gardens and kill his men .
eventually lars grew bored of waiting and walked into the gardens .
i should spend more time in my gardens !
but the devil had grown strong through the years , and somehow managed to enter gods garden .
i followed him out a door to a garden with a wide open patch of grass .
i closed my eyes and used my newfound anger to shift to his garden .
outside was a beautiful garden with fountains and statues scattered around .
yes , unbelievable , but he is quite the artist when it comes to gardens .
like your mother , his ability is earth , so he can basically turn the whole garden around in one day .
but thinking back , our own garden was always perfect .
i sat on the bench for a while , looking at the beautiful garden .
we followed him and nanini outside where he went to stand in the garden .
looking at lada and lotan hugging and kissing in the water , i thought back to the kiss in the garden .
dontalion stopped at a spot in the garden .
surprised and worried , i kept my eyes on him as he made his way through the garden .
i looked around to see i was in chaxs garden ; the circle we practiced in was just in front of me , the wall full of weapons on my right .
* * * i was walking in a beautiful garden .
but something in his words triggered the conversation i had in chaxs garden .
we shifted in to his garden and i released his hand .
i tried the garden at the hellhouse , again nothing .
you consider putting up statues in the artists corner of the temple garden to be the model of prudence , do you ?
it was a pleasant little cottage , only four rooms on one floor , but there was a spacious yard out the back with a poultry coop , an extensive vegetable garden and , right by the house , a small wooden shed with a chimney on one side .
at the side of the vegetable garden , just by the kitchen door , there was a small area paved with odd - sized stones , sporting two weathered chairs , low of leg and slanted at the back .
it was very tidy : the kitchen garden in neat rows , well weeded , the raspberry canes tied up , the chickens and ducks looking well fed and healthy , as far as a city girl could tell .
one fed the bathhouse , one was used for watering the garden , and the other led through the wall of the house to an unknown destination .
lussan had scooted out the door , and was hunting around the garden , for all the world like one of her hens , pecking at a bush here , a twig there , filling her apron with herbs as she went .
by the time she returned to the garden , the bathhouse door was closing behind the little woman .
a new plan mito wandered in the next day , looking as if she had just been for a stroll in the garden , a small bouquet of flowers in her hand .
when everyone had eaten , the party was invited to walk in the garden .
the twins again filled in again , enthusing about the garden , and aleria found it easier to join in .
* * * she was running through a practice pattern in the garden just as the sun set one early spring evening , not concentrating hard , just enjoying the flicker of the dying light on her blade , when she noticed her father .
normally , a man of my station is pleased to enter the garden in the evening to find his daughter playing music , reading poetry , or arranging flowers .
outside , aiden was greeted by blinding early morning sunlight and a garden that needed mowing .
i d be feeling much better if i had nt have been woken up in the middle of the night by your noisy friends dropping you off , answered mrs perriwinkle , waving her garden rake in his direction .
ill bring some sticks from the garden and you can fetch them for me .
this area of wrexham was generally tranquil , and the rows of semi - detached or detached houses had neat gardens and an interesting mixture of trees .
er , yes , she chained herself to the old elm tree in my garden and claimed that shed been sent by the wood nymphs to save it from satanic hair conditioner and inappropriate hieroglyphics .
on seeing her so sad as she dug in her garden , the faerie lord shifted into the body of a man and trundled down a hill , unused to balancing on two human legs .
clarissa decided to retire to bed , but i wanted to take a walk outside in the garden as the night was clear and warm .
i moved closer to him and leaned against a low garden wall .
we strolled through the garden , watching workers tend to the flowers and trim the large bushes .
when we arrived at the house , i was a bit surprised because i had expected the witch to live alone in the countryside , thinking she lived in a small hut , near an overgrown garden , filled with herbs that she used for her potions .
in her hands , she held a bouquet of fresh flowers from the side garden .
tomorrow let clarissa , you and i have a day of fun in the garden .
i see us standing in the gardens of the chteau near the temple of love .
the low , garden wall behind me , a stone bench , the place where henri and i had kissed , and he had touched me .
i left and returned with lychees from my garden , fed from seed to fruit with fire .
* * * dijun asked me to marry him , in my garden where i grew tiger lilies with stamens in gold , mandarins that crackled in the mouth , and starlings that thrived on graphite .
a garden easily as vast , with its own lakes ; in place of fruits and trees stood obsidian , sculpted expertlyhis own work , he murmured in my earbut they did not move , did not grow .
there is no corner in his house , no path in his garden , where i might walk without the rustling of paper robes and paper caps as spirits of lutes and zithers cast themselves low before me .
` ` i will be in my garden , '' i told them , ` ` to tend my plants .
out of respect formengwho had abandoned gleaming nacre and ever - blooming gardens , and agreed to a duty of doling out oblivion in hellthe emperor did not gainsay the result , and out of fear too that the old woman of forgetting might leave her hell - post in pique .
it will be my contentment simply to be yours , my peace to know your embrace.dijunopened his hands , and flame like molten gold fell , scorching the bones with whichhouyihad paved her garden paths .
the moon is a labyrinth , its craggy mountains holding houses that have never been habited , palaces with empty thrones , stone gardens where black waters slosh in basins and ghost swans drift through the air .
there are moments when , stepping through a garden gate or passing through a door , she glimpses a world under sunlight .
there are many of those in the gardens of the moon , phantom swans and mute songbirds , wisps of feathers and beaks that come apart if she looks at them too hard .
change races over the roof with a lightness impossible anywhere else , toward the garden where she s hidden a part of herself .
yards of green pasture extends in front of each house , most of which are intricately developed into gardens .
neal is peering outside the huge window , probably looking at the huge garden outside .
unlike their neighbors , however , the carpenters had a lush garden , full of orange , purple , and yellow flowers , a mesquite tree , and a few cacti and succulents .
the garden was amelias pride and joy .
her beautiful garden was littered with debris and drifts of dust , flowers were missing half of their petals , and a broken tree branch from a neighbor 's yard had pummeled one of the cacti .
marlon glared at him , saying you want to talk , go in the garden .
pandora ran into the kitchen before james could stop her , through the back door and into the garden .
he looked at dreamer but she stared stonily over his shoulder , through the glass wall into the garden .
marlon , pandora , why do nt you take julian into the garden and build a snowman ?
we walked down the silent passageway , but instead of slipping into the library or somewhere she took me into the giant garden .
she had a spacious , well - maintained yard with a rose garden positioned near the front door and miniature palm trees dotting the landscape .
` ` you are blessed among mortals , young demophon , '' said doso , when first she met him , out in the garden .
that was why , when gallan and raddia stepped out of the cabin , and following the collective gaze of the people crowding the scarlet gardens and flower copses looked up to the sky , they were seized by an unutterable fear .
and like everything lately , this uplift in his familys fortune and spirits was related to food for while she was roaming the garden in search of more snails , yofana had come upon a hare ( and a big one at that , almost the size of a wildcat ) which , having grown lazy and careless by the lack of beasts of prey , was caught unawares and promptly delivered to the kitchen where , amidst the gleeful shrieks of yofana and yonfi , it was swiftly killed and skinned by yenka , overwhelmed to the point of tears by their good luck .
and running after the pretty butterfly through tufts of weeds and wildflowers , yonfi soon found himself in a place entirely familiar , even though mama and papa did nt want him playing there anymore : the wild - grown garden of master gaddel .
and the garden of their house , which was once beautiful , filled with rose bushes and lemon trees and singing birds , had gone to weeds , because master gaddel was too sad to care , too sad to do anything , like eat or drink water or go to bed at night , and so after a while he died too , of his huge sadness .
this often made him feel lonely , and squatting near the edge of their island he d make short - lived dreams of his own , in which he joined his ghostly mates in worlds of bright green fields and sunshine , amongst colourful birds and trees laden with apples red like rubies , and then they d all sit around a great big table and eat , oh dear gods , food , endless in abundance and variety instead of which he had to make do , like every other child of ienar lin , with the wilted , bland vegetables that his mother grew in their garden and with the occasional of stale bread and petrified cheese peddled by the boatmen , and which tasted more punishment than nourishment .
as for the islands , they were more like mushrooms or trees : a sloping piece of black rock barely wide enough to accommodate a tiny house and garden , sitting atop a tall thick stem that dove into the unfathomable depths of the dark lake an enormous expanse of still , black water , tepid and unfresh and incapable of ever truly quenching ones thirst , because ( or so was believed ) of the countless corpses rotting at its bottom , poisoning the water with lifelessness and eventually killing its drinkers .
and as yonfi , raddia and gallan squinted at the sun - made hole that with every passing moment destroyed the clouds as fire does darkness , too stunned to even think , the range and intensity of the warmth grew bigger and wider , until it finally reached the village , seeping into rooms that had long been dark and cold and making their dwellers stir from their sleep , warming up gardens and orchards and beasts in pens which had all but forgotten what it felt like to be awakened by sunlight , and giving the appearance of life even to things lifeless , to barren ponds and sparks of shiny mineral in the soil .
the art museum garden was one of their favorite places to visit .
he paused for a moment in the open garden of the cloister , mourning for the flowers and the bushes that would no longer be there once the battle begun .
i would love to sit in the gardens around ilokmaden keep , content in the fairness of the world , knowing that my kingdom was safe , and that all that i stood for actually stayed standing .
were not going to tend the gardens and mend the fences !
the lawn ornament chirped out a chorus of gribbets when daelin set it back in her sisters garden .
her new boss , and here she stood in a dirty dress , flip flops , and among local crazies in a garden of a hundred frogs .
frost dulled the muted colors of the high desert outside , including the carnival of ceramic frogs in the garden .
someone had built a freaking huge garden up here , and this seemed to be the place he assumed my talkative friend would occupy .
a garden , really .
i walked to the shed and retrieved the garden rake .
but life 's just like nurturing a garden , you know . ''
plants a new garden , maybe , i do n't know .
the street is tree lined , each house fronted by a dainty garden .
there was a garden and a huge swimming pool surrounded by a fake ( but beautifully magnificent ) tropical oasis !
table of contents book 1 : the dark tide rising prologue chapter 1 : the grey family chapter 2 : uninvited guests chapter 3 : messages from the beyond chapter 4 : a mysterious meeting chapter 5 : the past unveiled chapter 6 : goodbyes chapter 7 : through the gate chapter 8 : silversong chapter 9 : the flight across the sea chapter 10 : lore - kin chapter 11 : war council chapter 12 : an ancient ally chapter 13 : the library chapter 14 : a prisoner chapter 15 : training chapter 16 : a feast for kings chapter 17 : race against the storm chapter 18 : the calvary arrives chapter 19 : revenant chapter 20 : the change chapter 21 : a father 's promise chapter 22 : plans chapter 23 : one last sunrise chapter 24 : southlake battle chapter 25 : the house of thomas chapter 26 : sworn oath chapter 27 : sun garden chapter 28 : a plot unravels chapter 29 : traitor 's gambit chapter 30 : a city at war chapter 31 : metamorphosis chapter 32 : rising hope chapter 33 : a long earned holiday book 2 : the maker 's hand chapter 1 : a little bookshop preface dark tide rising blossomed from my obsession with mythicaland often pseudo - historical ( my character arthur mandrakis is the embodiment of this element ) civilisations .
the stillness of the night was unfortunately broken when william accidentally kicked over and shattered a garden gnome against a garden rock , hindering their escape .
the stillness of the night was unfortunately broken when william accidentally kicked over and shattered a garden gnome against a garden rock , hindering their escape .
he had taken up the inconspicuous job of a gardenerthomas always enjoyed tending to plants back in atlantis , always had a ' green thumb ' as your people call itand was hired by your mother 's parents to maintain their large gardens .
neglected , over - grown garden beds ran along the base of each wall , and a wooden gate lay at the southern end .
clearing a weed - infested flower garden at the edge of the house , which clung at their clothing with its cruel , looking thorns , they desperately ran for the wall of shadowy oaks .
this sanctuary was called the sun garden and it was a place of meditation and worship to the old gods .
a garden of gloams pressed against the north and south walls and an arched door on the eastern wall led to the inner sanctum from where they had come .
bowing low , the guard hurried back to stand with several other guards and servant spectators who had gathered under the northern gloam garden and were sitting on squat , marble benches .
ramose leaped out from one of the gloams in the courtyard 's southern garden and hurtled through the air at will 's turned back .
white marble atlantean statuessome missing limbs , but all covered in webs of fine cracksstood forlornly in each corner , leaning on golden tridents at the base of little flower gardens .
arthur 's mace swept up for a defensive block , but the full force of the wolf collided into him , throwing him to the ground , where he knocked his head against a garden bed rock .
regardless of that fact , i wanted to have a nice relaxing evening with jack in the sun garden before we leave tomorrow .
it took fifteen minutes by skyjammer to reach the mighty sun garden at the centre of the library .
i will take this force to the sun garden to look for jack and layla , and then on to the gate !
before rykar could respond , mathias leaped upon a skyjammer and lead a force of twenty men toward the great road , which would take them to the sun garden .
we must search the sun garden !
return to the sun garden !
get back to the sun garden .
when the silhouettes had disappeared around a street corner , the pair continued on down a straight road that lead to the sun garden .
chapter 31 : metamorphosis bast and his legion of djinn charged into the sun garden .
the light of the garden dimmed slightly under their dirt cloud .
djinn scouts report that bast and his forces were defeated in the sun garden !
it wo n't be long before the djinn reform beyond the garden and return for another attack !
layla commanded , pointing at the cockpit 's window , which was slowly revealing the surrounding garden as the ship rose out of the ground .
a roar of wind thundered across the trees ' canopy as the airship crested the sun garden and remained hoveringa black shadow engulfing the field like the descent of night .
he had felt their approach as soon as they had entered the sun garden .
the rising hope soared further up above the garden until it almost reached the roof of the cavern , then it descended upon the remaining warhawks .
flames from all the fallen warhawks consumed the sun garden .
` ` tell me you have some peppermint in your herb garden . ''
# tyrosh walked through the lush garden inside the temple .
huge statues of dragons lined the garden .
the queen proceeded into the garden .
two soldiers burst out of the queens chambers and pelted down the garden towards them .
the cherubs was on the other side of the woods and the few boys who had been to the house before were excited , telling the others about the wonderful garden that the owner , maximo cherubsayl had cultivated over many years .
you may relax here and enjoy the grounds and the gardens with mr cherubsayls permission but you are still under my authority and absolutely no one is to break house rules or leave the grounds for any reason .
maximo led them off to the garden , all of them chattering excitedly .
near to the house was a small garden of tall flowers , like sunflowers nodding in the gentle breeze .
silently they crept out into the corridor and made their way to the back door that led to the garden .
his anger gone , he looked kindly on nakal and they sat in the garden and he said .
he hit it and fell hard , landing in the many multi - coloured flowers in the elaborate garden , his heavily armoured body crushing the delicate petals and stalks .
the scorched earth and blackened walls cast a depressing balance to the ruined gardens that had been destroyed and torn apart in the shock wave .
he stared again and heard other shrieks of surprise and shock from around the burned garden .
just as he reached the gated garden he was distracted .
as she stepped through a rocky archway she found herself in a garden .
our garden .
they were deep in the garden now , and leyna wondered if she would ever find her way back .
she almost forgot about murray at one point , drawn in by the grandness of the great hall and beauty of the garden with the allure of those mystical plants .
quickly she yanked open the pouch the elegant woman had given her in the garden and tore out of it the flowers .
there was a garden .
they went down the same hall which came out into a covered path around a garden .
the horse obeyed following jerron straight to the castle garden .
maybe you should be more involved in that work rather than sitting in the garden doing needlework all day while someone else tends your baby .
the courtyard of the castle was full of debris blown in by the storm and the kitchen garden was barely salvageable .
the naples zoo was built about the carribean gardens , which were bounding of botanical collections , an array of tropical plants and flowers .
they had also restored and healed the gardens , alongside all affected expanses .
shed never been left with such feelings of shameful remorse on her part , and having to face that guilty and saddened conscious right now it was more than enough to have her throw her head forward into the bushes of thy garden .
only they see the world as the gods and goddesses see it , from their garden in the fifth world high above .
` ` it is said that when a good person from the mountains dies , the flying quetzal lifts their soul to the garden of the gods . ''
her body was burned in her lineage - compound , and her family gave many sacrifices to their ancestors and the gods and the goddesses to see her soul to the garden of the gods .
when the priest performed his divination , he said that the soul of the hunter had indeed come from the jungle and gone through the fire - portal to the garden of the gods , and so wax ha was saved from those spirits of ah - puch which enslave unlucky souls that get lost in the jungle .
` ` would you make a place for us in your garden in the fifth world ? ''
finally the gods and the goddesses heard their calls and looked down from their garden in the fifth world .
and this was the word of the priest , after his divination , that the spirit of chelna was taken to the garden of the gods , beyond the reach of ah - puch and his servants .
the people of his lineage burned his body the same day , because sometimes this will pull the fresh soul out of the river and send it to the garden of the gods .
but when the priest performed a divining a few days later , on 13 wo 7 ahau , he said he could not find the boys soul in the garden of the gods , and bolon cabs father gave many gifts to the river spirits to keep his son safe in his new home .
every woman with a little knowledge gathered and dried and ground up herbs from their gardens .
only three infants died , and the sacrifices of their lineages were so great that when the bodies were burned , their tiny souls were lifted above all those evil spirits straight into the garden of the gods .
mother moon is torn in half , and her blood creates maize this is the way it was , after sun was finished shaping the seven layers of the world : not much is happening in the garden of the gods .
so she amuses herself with his twin brother , those two go all over the garden of the gods poking into this cave and that waterfall , seeking little treasures that came into being when everything was made .
our world is the fourth world , it is said , and our sky is the underbelly of the garden of the gods .
this was the making of the first fight in the garden of the gods , sun surrounded ah - puch and demanded the release of his people .
finally he made a great hole open under his brother , and ah - puch fell all the way from the garden of the gods in the fifth world down to the underworld in the first world .
he said words of power , and he sealed his brother out of the garden of the gods .
that was how ah - puch came to live in the underworld , never again could he ascend to the garden of the gods .
so he tells moon no , ah - puch will never again be welcome in the garden of the gods , and there will only be war between them from then on .
so moon leaves him and goes away from the garden of the gods to the first world far below .
what he means is this : in the center of the creation is the great world tree , it grows from its roots in the underworld to its trunk in the fourth world , to its heavenly branches in the garden of the gods and the sixth and seventh worlds .
decide now , day or night , the underworld or the garden of the gods .
she knows sun has seen none of this , great changes are coming to the world and sun is unaware that his peoples destruction is being plotted even as he rests in his garden high above .
indignant , she summons a moonbeam and rides it back to the garden of the gods , back to sun , who is eating a nance fruit or some such .
there are a dozen gods and goddesses now living in the garden of the gods , they have arisen from the creation or come from outside it , somehow .
in the garden of the gods all the lesser gods and goddesses are in hiding , they are unnerved by the sounds of the fight in the underworld .
her life in suns garden has been very easy , sun sees that food is plentiful and her life contains no sorrows .
he summons a sunbeam and rises up out of ah - puchs palace , back to the garden of the gods and his own home .
sun drops moon on the floor of his palace , and there is a small miracle , too small for sun to notice : her blood drips down through the cracks in the paving stones of suns palace and soaks through the ground and then drips from the garden of the gods into our world .
here is the coming of the king of the animals , lord jaguar has decided to venture to the garden of the gods .
the priest performed a divination for the lost one but could not find her in the garden of the gods .
the priest performed a divination and said her soul had reached the garden of the gods , because of her sisters fast killing of the wicked serpent , and because of the familys strong prayers and many sacrifices .
when all the boys had been under water for many breaths , the priest said , those boys have died , we must call them back from the garden of the gods before they lose their way .
the family of the boy offered many ears of dried maize , five turkeys , and a yellow - green feathered belt , along with endless prayers , to ah - kawil , and because of this , and perhaps because the boys lineage - father is strong in the keeping of the holy days , the soul of the boy entered into the garden of the gods and did not become a wretched slave to ah - puchs servants .
the womans family burned her body , and her baby with her , and the priest in his divining declared that both were taken to the garden of the gods .
she had brought them with her from the south when she came to the garden of the gods .
there was a day when ix - k'an - nohol - na walked very far from the garden of the gods .
so it was that she was carrying nine pouches of powder when she returned to the garden of the gods , at the end of that day .
all the garden was filled with shadowed places and dust spirits dancing in the last light .
she did not see one animal , not one bird in the garden .
she was walking through the garden when she heard a sound from one of the darkening groves .
so she threw seeds from eremuil all around the garden of the gods .
leave our garden ! ''
when that spirit was gone , ix - k'an - nohol - na walked around the garden of the gods , burying pieces of the root v'axivti .
is this a night for all wicked spirits to gather here in the garden ? ''
from that place she could see across the garden of the gods .
ix - k'an - nohol - na took a great drink , and all the colors of the garden blurred together .
so she climbed down and planted seeds of cruxi in the garden of the gods , to keep skull breaker far away .
as she scattered those seeds , father sun 's last light disappeared , and there were only shadows in the garden .
` ` i will tell father sun that all these crazed spirits are wandering our garden , '' she said .
then she planted many tzibche seeds in the garden of the gods , to keep ix - k'anye'eb out of there .
she turned , and she swayed , and she stamped her feet into the black soil of the garden .
` ` that is one more spirit i will keep away from here , '' said ix - k'an - nohol - na , and she planted skunk root in the garden of the gods .
` ` why are you out in the garden so late , ix - k'an - nohol - na ? ''
after those two spirits were defeated , she planted seeds of yaktunich and xaaxcomoche in the garden of the gods .
she planted more seeds in the garden of the gods , to drive away blood sucker and those like him .
she had planted the seeds of all the nine most powerful medicinal plants , and from that time the nine lords of the night could no longer enter the garden of the gods .
the priest in his divining said that the souls of the children were in the garden of the gods , but the souls of the parents were captured by kazap - ik and taken to ah - puch as slaves .
and here is what ah - koxol did , he came from the garden of the gods down to this world and caned the disrespectful people .
it is the place of the sorcerors to bring assistance and wisdom to the ahau and the lords , from the garden of the gods and the lands of the yach and the underworld .
the path of ah - k'awil from his palace in the garden of the gods to this world is the winding serpent of stars that is the ecliptic .
today we call him in from the jungle , we call him into the fire to ascend to the garden of the gods .
the priest stood and set the end of his staff into the embers and said , this is the word of our ancestors , of the cab coh ancestors , of the gods and the goddesses themselves : our voices were heard , our prayers were received and gave great sustenance in the garden of the gods .
the words of the priest were all i heard , that my brother was not received into the garden of the gods even though i had felt him leap into the black portal .
on the third day after my brothers death , that was 11 muwan 10 akbal , the priest and my uncle performed another divining before our lineage - shrine , and again they could not find my brothers soul in the garden of the gods .
the divining of the priest made no sense to me because of what i had witnessed ; his spirit should have been in the garden of the gods , or on its way .
atlatla was one of these , there were his bones and his face , in wood , here was why his soul could not go on to the garden of the gods .
she was new in the garden of the gods , she had just come from the north and was not yet known to him .
they burn great mounds of incense , their sweet smoke rises to our garden .
the cries of your children rise up , they reach this garden and our ears .
ix - xul 's eyes became strange , she did not see the garden of the gods any more , or the other gods and goddessess .
we leave our garden and walk among your children .
he has gone into the garden of the gods during the fighting .
you will always be welcome in this garden . ''
from friend to betrayer , judarius turned against king salvare one night while the king walked among his garden .
i opened my hands and watched the water gush from my palms like one of those small garden fountains .
he chased the young man up the narrow street , through a communal garden , and then back towards the center of town .
in the back of my garden , i fall to my knees .
when margarith and lilly arrive in the garden , they try to get close to carmina to comfort her .
sorry missus , rolands charm is on , i had to chase down this beautiful wild fire that was threatening to burn down yer whole back garden .
he leads me out to the small back garden of the cottage and into the snow .
there s one more thing when john opens the back garden , it has been transformed to a family outdoor dining area with an adjacent play area .
her mission accomplished , that good lady turned her attention to more pressing matters , such as the unruly state of the garden adjacent to her own .
her joy it was to sing and dance through the wooded vales in mist and shadow , to whisper with the flowers of the garden when they were aglow with the morning sun , and to share secrets with the little birds that trilled in the hedges .
in the morning , the stranger drew the damsel out into the misty garden , soaked with dew and sunshine .
the brothers exchanged a knowing look and retreated to a private garden .
he even enjoyed running errands and working in the kitchens or the gardens which were considered a vital part of his training .
if he was nt able to pick it out in a quiet , idyllic garden of all places , it probably was nt hiding there .
the woman came running up with a garden hose , saw the flames and joined ben 's ongoing struggle to put them out .
the pool was a small pond that came from the garden of eden .
after the garden was destroyed in the great flood , the creator moved it to new eden , somewhere up in the mountains .
` ` the garden grew and i even got people to stop dumping their trash on the lot .
that the garden of eden got so fucked up .
in the garden of eden , father wanted to help us wanted to teach us wanted mankind to grow and become great .
andwhile were at it , the serpent in the garden of eden is none other than the representative of the kundalini !
he was proof of the divine , the tangible evidence the world craved in philosophical schools since adams banishment from the garden of eden , since the flood cast noah on stormy seas for forty days and nights , since the immaculate conception brought jesus to the light .
it was they who guarded the tree of life in the garden of eden , protected the ark of the covenant .
she thought of adam and eve in the garden of eden .
adam lived in the most beautiful garden on earth .
after a time , god found them in the garden .
gargoyles weep sangre as a reminder of their duty to the son of god , who wept sangre in the garden of gethsemane .
the fathers buried her in the center of the common garden and a great flowering tree was placed over her grave .
well , stammered root , i guess that kind of happened when i read the secret garden .
a few more turns , a short stop to ask directions of a weary - looking woman in a garden , and he found the street he was seeking .
in the first picture there is a caf , and within that caf , near a window that overlooks a small garden , is a table , and upon that table , are seated two girls , two best friends , indulged in a conversation over a warm cup of coffee .
9:08 p.m amars shagun ceremony was taking place in a brightly lit up garden of a resort , located at a little distance from the busiest flyover in the city - jagraon bridge .
and since gulab jamuns were best enjoyed seated , he directly made his way for the rows of folding chairs on the other side of the garden , where he went on to grab himself a seat next to his sister nalini .
he was like a dark shadow , slowly moving around that garden with a heavy tread , now found near the central small canopy under which the shagun ceremony was to take place , a few seconds later wandering back in to one of the corners as if ready to dissolve in to nothingness , and before long standing smack dab in the middle of the gathering absently gazing at the leftovers on the plates in one of the plastic crates , it was as if the deep unrest in his soul was taking him everywhere and nowhere at the same time .
and then he saw her entering that garden , looking simple and sweet as ever , like a blessing sent by the heavens for his withered soul .
* * * * * * * a couple of hundred yards from that garden resort , vikram sahni stood on a pavement , facing the very white building of which he had been told earlier this afternoon by the elderly sardar ji .
in the garden where the shagun ceremony was taking place , the panicked guests were running around looking for shelter , with many hurrying towards the canopy in the center .
* * * * * * * 3 early next morning , raghuvir was strolling in the front garden of the guest house , waiting for the arrival of kamal , who was supposed to pick him up and take him to the college he was joining as a professor .
like in a garden ?
some of the buildings had been torn to pieces for salvage , and some of that salvage material was used to build walls around backyard gardens and palisades around their front yards .
it was shaped like a boxy s , with the courtyard in the front and a magnificent garden in the back .
the earth began to shrink back to the garden to reveal a whole and hale gabriel in the center , his arms level with his waist as he pushed the earth back down .
he resumed his languorous walk , stepping into the garden that was better lit .
you walked right up to cordis in the garden and proudly pronounced class five .
the green was more of a lush garden , boasting great old trees and hedges hiding benches .
they were standing in a beautiful garden surrounded by the most wonderful flowers .
in a corner of this eerie garden , twin brothers no more than 17 embraced , expressions of lust forever preserved in identical faces as one boy 's hand cupped the other 's buttocks in a gesture of incestuous foreplay .
a full 8 feet tall , it stood with outstretched arms and black wings that bent longingly toward the garden of lifeless lovers .
water rushed through a manmade creek , and frogs hidden within the lush gardens sang an off - key melody that was reassuring and yet keenly sad .
` ` indeed , when i was still a man , it was easier to believe in forbidden apples and a serpent in the garden as a means to explain man 's mortality than to believe our entire existence was random chance .
i knew then what the statue in the courtyard symbolized , and why it watched over all the stone ghosts in a moonlit garden .
` ` together , stefan , we will build a new garden with mortals who 'll live forever because that 's the way nature intended it before man lost his way and became a plaything of death . ''
i opened my mouth to call out , but the garden of statues and their watchful black angel stole my voice away completely .
the creek gurgled , rushing through the flower gardens .
now its just scraps , like eating oysters with a marvelous boy , a street at twilight , a bridge , a public garden with flowers and butterflies on them , i do nt know what color .
i do nt know which public garden or the name of the boy or the street .
one day before the window helen calls seymours attention to a shrub with bright yellow flowers in a distant public garden .
he whispers hoarsely : like like an evening cloud shaped like a knife , a grief - stricken female face , a high gray wall surrounding uniformed inmates , a lightning - blasted oak , a charging bull , a window open on a rose garden and the naked diseased womans inviting voice behind , what woman , what woman ?
roses are blooming in the public gardens , so june , when she starts fearfully greeting him on sight .
finally , dizzy from all that sun on his bare head after a lifetime of shade , he drags himself ( slightly uphill , so the wrong way , but he s dead tired ) into an elegant public garden with pruned trees and a splashing fountain and ornate wrought - iron chairs .
i want to go with you to to she s afraid hell say the catacombs but he ends by saying he wants to go to the luxembourg gardens which is exactly where she wants to go and she imagines them both sitting there near the basin , embracing , with the joyous cries of the children sailing model sailboats , the billowing sails , the jet of the fountain blown into a faint rainbow , the leaves of the pruned lindens blown into twinkling points of silver .
wo nt he think she s trying to maneuver him into going to the flower market or to the eiffel tower or the luxembourg gardens with her ?
for several years he haunted their gardens and on occasion , when they were not frightened away , he would speak to them with soft words , calling them each by name , and sounding , by all accounts , like a caring kinsman rather than the dread lord - dragon .
drake returned to his rooftop garden where he slid into a deck chair and drew a string of laboured breaths .
the stairs were linked by a long balcony which regally overlooked the first floor lobby on one side and on the other opened through imposing , glass doors onto a rooftop garden .
he followed the light and began gingerly climbing the stairs towards the rooftop garden ; towards freedom .
the rooftop gardens themselves were immaculately manicured beds crowded with a collage of exotic , vibrantly coloured flowers and tropical succulents .
malaki and neasa littered the table with plates of local seafood and a selection of vegetables and salads plucked from kahns treasured garden ; a garden he nurtured as if it were a child .
malaki and neasa littered the table with plates of local seafood and a selection of vegetables and salads plucked from kahns treasured garden ; a garden he nurtured as if it were a child .
perfect water temperatures and pristine reef were a decadent feast for the senses and after a long , cooling swim through shoals of fish and tropical gardens of coral , he finally he found himself looking upon the jagged rock formations of the serpents jaw .
well be off again once i weed my garden .
and yet all he does is garden , sighed bianca .
he had seen rooftop gardens and dirt lots no more than ten feet wide .
maybe twelve at the time , shed ascended into darkness and discovered an extra , hidden room , with a window overlooking the greenest garden that never existed and a very old roll top desk .
the window looked out onto some other - worldly garden .
they walk out to the gardens which consist of plants from all around the world .
aten looks at the garden and says , what is the real reason that you think you did nt accomplish your goal at the games ?
the atlanteans and ladoneans enter the palace garden .
the emperors son is with kaydence in the garden of their new home .
kaydence runs from the garden and yells , wait , daygun !
the other orphans , who had been weeding the garden , stopped and gawked at the gray - skinned stranger .
if they ask , we lost you in the glass gardens .
hai had been afraid and had hidden in the garden , worried that elluliann would be unhappy with her for killing the snake , but the highest was glad with her deed and commended her for her faithfulness to him .
the freedom to choose was one of the first lessons in the garden of eden and the freedom to choose to believe in god and his goodness or to not believe through freedom of religion as one of the primary foundations of our country is what makes the united states so very special and great as compared to all other nations .
both christ 's suffering and death on the cross along with his suffering in the garden of gethsemane is what constitutes the atonement which gives us the strength to face life 's challenges because we have a better world to look forward to for ourselves in this life as well as the next life specifically because the atonement of jesus christ frees us from the stain of our sins .
god is our merciful and loving father in heaven , we are god 's children , god seeks to bless us , his gospel blesses individuals and families , his gospel includes a plan for us which outlines both his role in our lives and our role in his life , why he created the earth for us to live on , one of the first lessons in the garden of eden : god encourages our freedom to choose right from wrong .
at that time in the garden of eden they had the ability to live forever .
in the garden , there was one specific tree that had fruit on it that god commanded them not to eat of .
they could still live in the garden of eden no harm , no foul and they would n't get kicked out , but they also would n't progress towards becoming like their father in heaven because they would be stuck in a state of innocence .
` ` now since adam and eve chose to eat of the forbidden fruit , they got kicked out of the garden because they became mortal .
it 's clear by the lessons in the garden of eden that god encourages us to worship him according to the guidance of our own conscience while also encouraging each of us individually to be obedient to the laws of the land as laws are designed to provide peace and order to best serve the very people the laws serve . ''
they were no longer allowed to live in god 's presence in the garden of eden and thus adam and eve were sent away to live in the world .
this is why both eve and adam should be honored for making the first sacrificial step of initiating the fall ( by condescending to leave the beautiful garden by taking that vital step into mortality through eating the forbidden fruit which gave all of us a chance to be born and choose to learn of and follow christ ) .
forbidden fruit a fruit found in the garden of eden on the tree of knowledge of good and evil .
the gift to choose freely was one of the first examples given in the garden of eden of gods form of loving and wise governance for all of humankind ( as we are his children ) .
garden of eden the place where our first parents , adam and eve , lived .
while they lived in the garden , before the fall , they had physical life because their spirits were clothed in physical bodies made from the dust of the earth .
had adam and eve remained in the garden of eden they could not have progressed to become like god ( since god has offspring as he created us spiritually as his children ) and they would therefore have no offspring and no joy ( especially the joy of parenthood when procreation is done at the right time , for the right reasons and with the right partner towards an eternal family unit founded upon the principles of godliness ) having experienced no pain or sorrow to contrast it with .
one of the first lessons god gave in the garden of eden was the freedom to choose between good and evil or obedience and disobedience to his commandments .
eve then asked , so then if my understanding is right , then the scroll notes perfectly harmonize with the bible in that it helps us to realize that christs suffering in the garden of gethsemane and his suffering and death on the cross were included in the atonement .
the new testament gives the witnesses of his apostles that he bled from every pore during his atoning sacrifice in the garden of gethsemane .
several fences lay in tatters and a newly constructed garden shed had lost its roof .
when it did , she marched in her magic goody two - shoes up to the garden of live flowers .
i ve heard tell that there was once a black rose who inhabited your garden .
there was a butterfly who was said to feast upon its nectar in order to turn black yes , there was a rose who let blackness overtake her , and she was banished from the garden .
awkwardly , she left the garden , not wanting to make a bad situation worse .
i ' m about to shout out his name again , hoping that he is just out in the garden , or busy ferreting away in one of the back sheds .
they walked out in the garden , but away from the trees , where no one could get close to them without being seen .
it was a pleasant morning , and she and mito were in the garden , pretending to weed the flowerbeds but really just enjoying the sunshine .
why do nt you show lord raif our new garden ?
lord ancanah has a marvellous garden at his seat in the capital .
i am sure these gardens will be a wonder to the neighbourhood when they have had time to get settled in .
after the execution he was to meet nathair in his private garden .
fresh cut steaks , vats of steamed vegetables pitched in from local gardens , and of course the signature tropical fruits to go with the absolute mounds of chocolate , raspberry , and cinnamon desserts , among much more .
lyght was torn strongly between staring around in awe at the dark steel towers soaring around them intricately carved with flowing artistic designs , statues , waterfalls , even gardens and examining their oddly compelling guide .
they re the bane of my moms rose garden .
whether that charm was regular garden variety , or some form of demon magic she was nt sure ; serenus had said he had very little power , but very little was nt the same as none .
technically its true , we do have more witches , but like your master would say , they re garden witches .
in the outermost ring , these dwellings were large and built in the main in squares , with gardens in the centre of the squares .
the next ring in , were smaller dwellings with small gardens out at the back , but were obviously not the homes of the poor , they were just a little too fine and large for that .
most were built in squares with gardens in the centre , as they had seen from the hill outside the town .
they passed through formal gardens on the way to the main doors .
on either side of the path were gardens with winter flowering plants whose perfume hung on the air giving a promise of the spring to come .
beyond the pool , and after some more formal garden edged with small neatly trimmed box hedges , steps climbed up to a terrace which ran along the entire front elevation of the building .
the first window was in the wall opposite the door , and the second was on the wall to their right , opening on a garden .
the daughters were allowed to do their meditation in their cells , or in the gardens in the centre of the house .
asphodel decided to go into the gardens , as it was the nearest she could get to the open air and a feeling of freedom .
the gardens were beautiful even this early in the season , with some early spring flowers already beginning to bloom in the sheltered garden surrounded by high walls and covered walkways .
the gardens were beautiful even this early in the season , with some early spring flowers already beginning to bloom in the sheltered garden surrounded by high walls and covered walkways .
chapter 14 yssalithissandra carthinal left the tower to wander around the gardens .
suddenly , they all had a desire to walk in the gardens and feel some grass beneath their feet .
the shelves ran along the long side of the room opposite the windows and were from floor to ceiling , broken only by the two doors that led to the great hall of the palace , and one which led to the central quadrangle and its garden .
but when he summoned the courage to open his eyes , he found himself in the most beautiful garden of natures making .
in the process of weaving around their fenced off vegetable garden , the big oaf nearly knocked over the jug of water raymond had filled this morning from the pump at the laughing well .
he held his own past the vegetable garden but came crashing hard into the cedar picnic table .
except , in this case , instead of scenes of marauding pirates and dancing bar - maids , there were scenes of minutemen and betsy ross and some guy who looked like a garden gnome guarding general george washingtons boat .
it was a garden gnome .
they retreated to a sunny courtyard abutting the kitchen gardens and the stables , where their only companion was an indifferent chicken searching for spilled grain or unwary insects .
she led them around the back of the palace and crouched amongst a well tended grove in the castle gardens .
she found him sitting quietly in one of the gardens and said , your father has agreed to house you in the servants quarters , though how long his favor will last if you persist in your current way of thinking i do not know .
this world is not our secret garden anymore .
it became a long walk just to see royalty , but that was only the garden .
as agreed with king benjamin , no pleasures of his kingdom are withheldhe offers succulent meats , sweet fruits , tangy and tasty plants ... the pleasures of his womenall , each and any , not restricted as to age , but as each man desires ... girls who appear as the king snaps his fingersflower girls , giggling , with gardens not yet hoed ... older women , unto deep sunset , ladies of great marvel whose tongues twitter with bird - magic .
this young male is a special gift from king benjamin ... one he confides to frak is of the joys to come as it had been of the joys before the fall from the garden .
this ethereal hand reaches across the starry boundary and rests , reposes firmly upon his left shoulder , and in that instant of presence the friar sees with enlightened eyesquickening eyes sighting all the way back to the garden of eden .
the friar pauses to reflect upon st . augustine , how he interpreted and preached about the reason for the fall in the garden of eden , that it was a happy faultfelix culpa !
was nt and is nt it being alone with our creator father in the garden before eve was molded from adams bone ?
if so , why then were they expelled from the garden ?
no longer enjoy , as friar otto knew she enjoyed , this suffering , this painenjoys it as eve had enjoyed the pangs of birth , for it was through sharing this dark pleasure of painful birth that eve recalled her tryst with her demon lover in the garden .
for without the denial , were we truly in the garden ?
words of beguiling magnitude and consequence which could have been spoken by adam himself as he lied to god in the garden !
if he had remained celibate , if he had maintained his priestly witness to the revealed truth that men do not need womenas adam lived in the garden alone with the father , as jesus lived among us without a spousebut that women need men for their redemption and salvation ... if he held true to his anointment and consecration as priest , then all we would be arguing would be theology .
this time outside , while strolling through the cruciform garden behind the universitys chapel , tracing the twelve stations of the cross .
her man finds her a garden of earthly delights , this she loves .
so , she happily stands there , stroking her yet unplanted garden ... not womb , but garden .
so , she happily stands there , stroking her yet unplanted garden ... not womb , but garden .
in this garden , before evewho or what was adam .
that she s been in the garden , before .
what was the garden , if not an aspect , a dazzle of this conundrum ?
momma - g asked me when i walked out to the garden to find her .
typically , the weave will thread through the gray matter and choke it out similar to the way a weed will destroy an entire garden aunt tabby stated .
` ` he has my lady , '' replied maya , ` ` he is outside in the garden caring for his bonsai plants . ''
they arrived at the garden , paramita could see that it was very well laid out .
just like the interior of the mansion , its garden was certainly designed with high taste .
ali lead them towards the far end of the garden , there she saw a collection of old bonsai trees , organized tastefully on small artificial mounds .
after an hour of running around , she finally found him in the garden with rahmat .
she arrived at garden and started to run .
she ran and she ran , out of the residence , into the garden , she just kept running without knowing where to go , her mind was blank , and all she could see was darkness .
we know that she has n't left the grounds and that she 's somewhere in the garden . ''
the henchmen were shooting at them from behind the trees that grew in the garden .
they ran through a garden , their feet half floating over the ground , and their tan arms reaching with each effortless stride .
she could also catch the faintness of peonies and astrantias , wafting their delicious aroma from a nearby garden .
like magnificent mile , the area between covent garden and tower london was a beautiful blend of high rises , four story homes , restaurants and shops , sectioned by lush trees and iron gates encased in stone .
he came to the entrance of the garden .
so they left the busy hall and spent a while fooling around the hospices trail of gardens , before retiring to their room .
she watched as tricia pulled the weeds from her front flower garden .
in fact , though i can see and hear what you experience , i also have a world inside your mind with beds , chairs , gardens , and so on .
the smell of manure lay thick in the air , as they rode past wattle - and - daub huts , copses of trees , farms , and gardens .
the next neighborhood , abandoned for an even longer time , was entirely given over to trees , except for a small portion that was being used for gardens .
there was always something new to observe , categorize , predict , and explain , and often the task was challenging , even for him ; but he was like a child in a flower garden : every flower was beautiful , and yet , after looking at a few , he would get tired of them all .
all the homes were lovely and well - kept , and set in the midst of beautiful orchards and gardens .
the young kor sang in one of the girls choirs , she made perfumed candles in intricate molds , she wove vestments for the acolytes , she worked in the gardens , and did many other things .
the courtyard was a garden .
then she began to speak , softly : remember the little garden where we used to play , akelian ?
this area of kondrastibar consisted mostly of small , single - family homes , each with a small garden , a carp - pond , a chicken coop , berry bushes , and a fruit - tree .
( from the popular song , back to the garden ) accompanied by srea kula and srea gala , sre lugu entered , with great trepidation , the hallway leading to liliunes apartment .
he took the indicated passageway , and his experience was much the same as with the first , except that at the end , he found himself , blinded by daylight , in a small garden behind the sanctuary .
little have i to offer you , said lator , but here is some vegetable juice from my own garden .
ironically , it was a beautiful day , and the neighborhood they were passing through was an affluent one , with many parks and public gardens , and many beautiful houses .
like butterflies in a flower garden , they landed on oselikas wounds , cleaning , medicating , stitching .
there they saw many gardens , each one set into the ground a few feet .
when a hurricane approaches , said the boy , large , flat wooden frames , covered with canvas , are staked down over the gardens .
wire nets are placed around the garden to catch debris .
as he spoke , the view moved to the end of the gardens , where there was a row of very squat windmills with short , thick blades .
sometimes also she saw courtyards and gardens .
like the bridges , the temple was designed to complement the scenery , as were the sculptures and gardens that surrounded it .
after kor had had enough of music and dance , they proceeded to an indoor garden , full of exotic and fragrant flowers .
to make matters worse , kor observed that the gardens from which much of her food had come were maintained , in part , through the process of killing weeds .
he made her a garden without weeding or tilling .
it was large , and very beautiful , surrounded by little pools and gardens .
she descended a few steps into a lovely garden .
wond turned the attention of the kor fragment of itself back to the temple , or rather , to a garden next to the temple .
walking up and down in the garden , wond was drawn to a redwood seedling that was just emerging from the soil .
( hizzer the wanderer ) wond , in the youthful , resurrected body of kor in the temple garden , sat , and focused her attention a fragment of the universes attention - on the growing tip of a tiny redwood seedling .
but the kor part of me is so happy in the temple garden , replied the universe .
it was only kor , not wond , who was in the temple garden , rather than anyplace else .
why is your garden full of death and shriveling , and why have you planted in my soul , the seeds of good and seeds of evil together , so that i must be an enemy , even to myself ?
there was a large garden space there , with many people at work .
this is one of several garden spaces that we have , said erhas .
then he beckoned for karnak to follow him toward a large building to one side of the garden .
then she remembered sitting in the garden of the temple , looking at a tiny growing plant , and feeling as though the whole universe were like that : growing and developing .
in the temple garden , said separ , you experienced the universe as developing .
but is nt that what you felt , in the temple garden ?
around them was the beautiful university campus that the prisoners had built : functional yet elegant buildings among fields , ponds , gardens , young trees , and flowers .
when ksell showed you the afterlife , and you were in the temple garden , and you saw the seedling , and realized that the universe was developing kor thought about that ; and it reminded her of something else : shaliria , the goddess of love , is like a vast river , so vast that she has no banks , no bed , and no surface .
then she returned to her memories of being in the temple garden , and suddenly kor felt bathed in beauty .
you have a garden , do you not , srea tela ?
do you ever put coins , or bills , or ledger sheets , or little bits of ytterbium into the soil of your garden , srea ?
on my days off i work in the garden , or on the house .
the hall to the right leads to our sleeping quarters , library , garden , teachers offices , classrooms and conference room .
a lush flower garden surrounded each statue and filled the air with sweet nectar smells .
our gardens were plentiful and beautiful and we traded amongst ourselves .
when we told mearto of our trouble , she told us that the dark one was taking the life out of our gardens .
though she was as tall as a garden gnome , she held herself like mount everest incarnate .
there s some dill in the garden .
i think you ll be less likely to trip over a garden demon in the dark if you have this .
i would nt eat anything growing in this garden .
anna flashed the torch around , following the sporadic weed - infested patches of garden bed , looking for some sodding dill .
it was easily on an acre or two of sprawling gardens , and if you angled your head right , you could block out the rest of the city and pretend you d been transported to the countryside .
a light breeze was blowing through the trees , collecting along the protective symbols carved into the wood and sending their magic tumbling through the garden .
i was in the garden , then scott walked up to the gate .
sayjin looked down at his plate of roots and leaves , which he had picked that day from the garden just beyond the windows of the dining room .
the two arrived at the town hall , a manicured garden sat out the front .
his desire for meat overtook him , after weeks of eating nothing but roots and leaves pulled from the garden and pickles from the cellar .
the midday sun hidden by the grey clouds above as the cold winds whipped through the trees of the public garden .
the wind in the trees became still and the garden became silent .
johanna froze in place and watched as flynn walked from the garden .
there are four tables in the garden of the place .
there is a single - storey building in the garden .
our man forgets what made of the meatballs but he knows well of cooking meatballs takes some time , he stands up and intends to roam in the garden .
zgon sits in a bosporus view tea garden at the end of the park .
this mound goes down a garden .
on the other hand she counts something with her fingers , moves away from cigan and walks toward a garden lightened with little bulbs .
the american pigs will fall into the mud ! , and jumps to the garden .
they approach the garden .
taking ajbars flashlight , she s going out now and roaming around , and looking everywhere in the garden that is mixed up in the darkness of the sky , is looking in the pockets of the scarecrows , at the knotholes .
i interspersed all ashes of him throughout my garden .
passing through the garden of a wooden single - storey house .
the same sorcerer woman is here , in the garden .
in front of the house there is a big garden , and ten or fifteen graves in the garden .
in front of the house there is a big garden , and ten or fifteen graves in the garden .
for example , they have still burying their relatives in front of their houses , in their gardens .
the garden of the tomb - day a beautiful day in the region of dobrogea in romania .
there is no one in the garden of the tomb of yellow saltuk .
just then cigan starts the jeep and drives it into the garden and opens the trunk .
here we are , in the garden of mesto again !
as to the chapullers , what you say , now they are making new songs up in mestos garden .
rhea walked up the stone path that once looked like a garden but it was only now a shadow of its former self , overgrown , faded and grey .
nothing like the bright building that stood out amongst the drab dead garden .
the four of us walked through the dead garden until we reached one of the solid wooden doors .
i ignored it and pushed through the stained glass doors and it lead me out into another dead garden .
brown was the dominant colour of the long deceased garden .
naaz raised her arm and i quickly dived across the garden , taking refuge behind a large stone fountain that held green mossy water .
marcus and i reached the dead garden and there were more leaches waiting outside , ready to ambush us .
chapter 13 i lead onyx through the back of the castle door and down a long path to where the gardens are .
no , we were in the gardens .
chapter 19 i lead onyx back out to the garden and we sit on the bench .
do you want to go out to the gardens ?
` ` doyle , you ' ve extended the wards to include the little garden area in the house behind us , as i requested ? ''
doyle had n't liked me being on my own for even a little while , but we 'd extended the house wards across the back wall to the small neglected garden of the house behind us .
i ' ve seen the dying orchards and flower gardens with a few straggling blossoms , but no underground moon or sun .
there was a small water garden in the center of the room , with a large decorative rock in the center of it .
they were a symbol that there had once been magical gardens under the ground .
` ` is it true that fucking them is what turned andais 's garden of pain into the meadow it is now ? ''
merry had given life to the dead gardens with mistral and abe .
was this our garden ?
there had been a water garden in the inner courtyard with water lilies .
i had a second to recognize the pool and fountain that stood before the great double doors that led to the entry chamber for the throne room , but the fountain was now in the center of a huge formal garden spreading on either side .
crystall and the guards i 'd sent with the lords to the queen were standing in the middle of that garden .
` ` but it is mistral and meredith who have begun to awaken the dead gardens , and the magic of the guard .
` ` well , '' a voice said from behind us , ` ` i leave for a few minutes and you ' ve planted a garden . ''
one of them called back , ` ` it 's a garden .
a small garden with a dry pool in the ground . ''
` ` i want a formal garden on either side of this stream you are making . ''
` ` this is a rose that makes its own garden wherever it happens to grow . ''
the courtyard was a richly planted garden with walkways of smooth white stone set in a number of meandering paths across it .
he works in the kitchens and the gardens at the academy , '' tavi said .
isana settled down lightly onto the raised wall of flagstones surrounding the garden 's central fountain , her back straight .
the bees had not yet awakened from their winter slumber , nor had most of the birds returned from their yearly journey , but it would not be long before the garden would be full of motion , bustling with the business of life .
and isana could do nothing but sit in a garden , listening to the rustling waters of an elegant marble fountain .
she rose and paced the length of the garden and back , while serai paid antonin with five shining copper rams .
the boy pocketed the coin in a flash , bowed to isana and serai , and retreated quietly from the garden .
serai glided to a small table nestled in a nook of the garden , where glasses and a crystal decanter of wine rested .
` ` lady kalare is hosting a garden party this evening . ''
she is staying with isana in the home of sir nedus , on garden lane . ''
balconies and stairs wound all over the outside of the building , thickly planted with broad - leafed plants , flowers , and small trees , all laid out in beautiful , miniature gardens , complete with several beautifully lit fountains .
doubtless , the dimness and quiet had been intentionally established , for when isana reached the end of the hallway , it opened up onto the sprawling garden that made up the heart of the manor house .
the garden was a fabulous one , including topiary cut into the shape of horses and gargants , a section of the thick , green - purple foliage of the exotic trees of the fever - thorn jungle , and dozens of fountains .
the color of light falling upon any part of the garden changed between one breath and the next , and it left isana feeling dazzled .
in one nook of the garden , a juggler entertained half a dozen children of various ages , and in another drums beat more swiftly and intently , while three slave women sinuously weaved through the complex and demanding motions of traditional kalaran dance .
the courtesan looked around the garden .
isana narrowed her eyes and prepared to stand her ground , but serai 's silent tugs on her arm drew her away from lady aquitaine to another part of the garden .
` ` he and the other high lords have gone to the far garden to bear witness to kalare 's official duel with his son , brencis , for citizenship .
she and isana had just turned to leave the garden when a man in a granite grey tunic salted with beads of green semiprecious stones stepped into their path , smiling pleasantly .
the only sound in the garden was the gentle splash of water in the fountains .
she stepped back from kalare , touched serai 's arm , and left the garden with her .
the pair turned onto garden lane .
if you will come with me , i will take you to the garden while your escort waits . ''
the doorman - or rather , majordomo , tavi supposed - paused at the entrance to the garden and turned to tavi .
shifting colored lights flickered and flashed behind the man , and the garden buzzed with conversation and music .
he vanished into the garden .
then he muttered something to renzo , and the two of them hurried away into the garden .
tavi told them about the visit to lord kalare 's garden party and what they had learned there and after , omitting any mention of max or brencis and his cronies from the tale .
it was far from the elegant celebrations and garden parties of the streets that rose above the rest of the city .
delegates bumping elbows in the lobby outside the function rooms turned to stare , their faces pale blank moons hanging over gardens of gaudy ribbons and campaign buttons , and in the middle of each a little square shine of plaque , like an exhibit at a botanical garden , identifying which subspecies of small - time political hustler or wanna - be this specimen belonged to .
delegates bumping elbows in the lobby outside the function rooms turned to stare , their faces pale blank moons hanging over gardens of gaudy ribbons and campaign buttons , and in the middle of each a little square shine of plaque , like an exhibit at a botanical garden , identifying which subspecies of small - time political hustler or wanna - be this specimen belonged to .
but it shocked a midwestern girl , transplanted into the neurasthenic garden of the new york intellectual set , even one who prided herself on her case - hardening in the streets and back rooms of jokertown .
they showed tom out again to their thorny garden , went back and hid themselves , a - shivering and a - shaking , blocked up all their doors , earth together raking .
the man in the moon was drinking deep , and the cat began to wail ; dish and a spoon on the table danced , he cow in the garden madly pranced , and the little dog chased his tail .
' friendships are a fickle and mischievous garden , requiring constant tending , with their own share of weeds . '
she clasped her agonised hand to her left arm , the pain blossoming again like a garden .
amidst the bloodshed , they seemed disturbingly placid , like fleshy , throbbing flowers in a red - stained garden .
violence , it seems , makes a fertile garden for love to blossom . '
' well , well , ' the distinctly masculine voice muttered , ' watering your garden , are you ? '
jagged blue pillars , spheres of twisted green , great cobwebs of red thorns , and sheets of yellow blossomed like a garden of brittle , dead gemstones .
before them , a jagged garden grew .
it was may , and she took her chair out into the kitchen garden to pick peas and to shuck them in the sunlight , for even in the lush heat of virginia the cold had entered her bones as the frost had entered her hair , and a little warmth was a fine thing .
a mechanical machine played ` ` octopus 's garden '' in a room that went up for many stories , the center of which was filled entirely with a replica of a great black whalelike beast , with a life - sized replica of a boat in its vast fiberglass mouth .
rock city begins as an ornamental garden on a mountainside : its visitors walk a path that takes them through rocks , over rocks , between rocks .
looking up to the heights of the tree - covered slope they could see , or imagine that they could see , the paths and gardens and waterfall of rock city .
she passed the white deer gardens , and pushed herself through the fat man 's squeeze , where the path ran between two rock walls .
he walked through the building and out into the gardens of rock city .
battered copies of field and stream , parenting , and better homes and gardens were not likely to tempt us , and i closed my eyes and slumped down in my chair .
we have made quarters ready for you , and a cool garden for your dragon ; you will rest and refresh yourselves after your journey , and we will think no more of this unhappy misunderstanding . ''
in the vast palatial gardens below the terrace railing , temeraire lay sun - dappled and drowsy after his substantial meal , and the little runners , having cleaned him off , were sleeping tucked against his side .
` ` at least consider that in this case , we are taking them away to england , where you will have the opportunity of improving their condition , '' laurence tried as consolation , but temeraire was not so easily mollified , and curled brooding in the garden to consider the problem .
` ` and laurence , i am afraid that is not the only - well , you will see for yourself , '' and together they went around to the garden - side : the kazilik dragons had gone , but in their stead another dozen dragons had been set around temeraire , so that the garden was grown crowded , and a couple of them were obliged even to perch atop the backs of others .
the meal being done , she rose with her mother and they left the table ; she did not look round , but went out of the room tall and straight - shouldered , and tharkay went to look silently out of the windows , into the garden behind the house .
` ` ugh , '' temeraire said , having lifted them both over into the garden , examining with distaste the slimy residue on his foreclaws .
he had made a great protest when laurence had tried to go into the kiosque , refusing to let him out of his sight ; even in the garden he had nudged laurence insistently to climb upon his foreleg , and his officers had been forced to come out to hear his report .
they were left at a standstill , and then keynes came out into the gardens .
` ` hurry , hurry , '' temeraire called loudly ; the alarm was truly given now , horns blowing wildly in the distance , more flares firing up into the sky , and then from the gardens to the north rose a terrible roaring , and a great jet of flame scorched glowing red upon the sky : the kaziliks were rising into the air , spiraling up through their own smoke and flame .
the death - toll was hideous : from behind every garden wall and window the french sharp - shooters arose and put forth a ceaseless fire , and near enough every bullet found a mark ; while down the straight - aways of the main tracks of the village the artillery pounded away , canister - shot breaking apart into deadly shrapnel as it flew from the mouths of the guns .
but the prussians came onward with irresistible force , and one after another the guns were silenced as they poured into the farmhouses , the barns , the gardens , the pigsties , and hacked down the french soldiers at their places .
adrian chuckled and strolled off down a garden path , lighting his cigarette as he walked .
to myself , i muttered , ` ` how very secret garden . ''
he has a garden outside his classroom .
the bench was situated in a little clearing filled with flowering plants and a sign that read the kelly hayes memorial garden .
dolores sat in a wheelchair in the vast rose garden on the presidential palace grounds .
i was n't sure i could effectively picture one of the rooms of the palace so i gave myself more room by picking the garden .
hei - lian had a moment to wonder why she was being taken for her usual exercise in the garden .
fragrance dense as fog and the buzzing of myriad bees enveloped them as they walked in the rose garden of mobutu 's old palace , surrounded by high white stone walls that kept the kongoville traffic noise at bay .
simone duplaix sat in a chair beside the bed , almost hidden by bursts of roses , red and pink and yellow , alicia nshombo had sent from her brother 's garden .
what had once been a small garden in front of the house had become a patch of weeds and brambles so thick that it had strangled itself to death .
we went for about ten hours , all the way around garden lane and craft lane both .
we were in the center of the garden , near the picturesque , dignified gazebo where tourists by the millions had no doubt taken blurry photos to commemorate losing their shirts .
at the far end of the indoor garden , there was a hallway leading into the hotel lobby .
and there was this flower garden - i made it grow and gave siobhan a rose . ''
it surrounded luke 's small back garden , where the only plants flourishing seemed to be the weeds that had sprung up through the paving stones , cracking them into powdery shards .
he glided away from the carriage and the comforting lights of second avenue , moving toward the dark center of the garden .
some women put a clothesline on the roof , but i have a small garden , something i never dared before .
we exchanged pleasantries and i asked him to water my garden on the roof .
my neighbor had a garden i envied : a huge noche buena tree with big glorious red flowers , native frangipani , rosebushes , hydrangea , and a wall full of bougainvillea .
i ached for my simple life : dutch miniatures and a rooftop garden .
are we talking about olive garden italian or good italian ? ''
given her persona , i expected something more addams family from her domicile , but she had peonies in the front yard , flower boxes , and a nice rock garden .
afterward , we would prowl the woods or work in the garden .
between the orchard and the garden , we 'd been close to self - sufficient , and she only made charms and potions on request : minor things , low magick .
tia had opted for a front garden instead of a garage , but nobody thought my el camino was nice enough to steal .
my mother had been a white witch , one who believed in getting back to nature , so there were lots of charms for growing plants and discouraging animals from rummaging around in your garden .
chance flung open the doors , revealing an otherworldly garden .
tended gardens .
they escorted me through a dark and exotic garden and down the gilded hallways to the receiving room , where the knight of the dohan awaited .
for a good minute or so , he let his opponent show off and throw air punches that snapped out with all the aim of a blind guy with a garden hose .
she coalesced on boylston street , across from the boston public garden , where the weeping willows over the pond were just greening up .
` ` my garden . ''
and her garden was surrounded by a ten - foot - high brick oh - no - you - do n't that he totally approved of .
jim and his boys landed in the rear garden of a three - story brick house that both screamed old money and apologized for making any fuss at the same time .
he was out of the hotel and back to beacon hill in the work of a moment , landing in the rear garden .
then , again , he went up the hill two blocks and doubled back before dropping down another street past her and taking an alley over to her walled garden .
` ` your mistake is staying in this garden . ''
back in boston , in that defense attorney 's rear garden , jim braced himself for the fight that was coming , literally , on the wind .
i spoke with the guy in the back garden here at nightfall .
palming up one of his guns , he slipped out the back door into the garden .
more likely that an infiltration would occur from the rear garden .
over the course of the meal , they had spoken of nothing important , just everyday things about work and his garden and her ongoing cases in the penal system .
beneath a carpeting of moss and his cautious step , the ship 's deck creaked but did not break , and he made his way to the small cabin behind the ship 's wheel : odd to look through the stern window onto a garden view , with birdsong and tiny pale green curlers of vines coming in through the missing panes .
each had surely been a refuge of pirates ; they dotted the ocean like the broad - spaced paving - stones of an overgrown garden path , all the way to the continent ; the last was marked not a hundred miles from the coast : the coast of the incan empire .
and suggest to him that at least while on sentry duty , greeting arriving officers with proper decorum should perhaps be considered of somewhat more importance than taunting puppies raised in rose gardens .
she paused beside a small public garden , trees and flowers centered around an elegant fountain of black marble .
the spring sun was hot , but the mist rising from the fountain , together with the trees ' shade , kept the whole of the little garden cool and comfortable .
then aria closed her eyes , inclined her head in a little bow , and departed the little garden , gliding away into the streets of ceres .
she sat in the peace of the little garden and let some of her bitter fear wash out with her tears , and in time , when the tears had passed , she felt better .
by the deepest hours of the night , it all culminated in a meeting within the private garden of the high lord cereus , within the walls of the high lord 's tower , the final redoubt and bastion of the city 's defenses , and the most secure location in the city .
a wizened old majordomo showed them to the garden , a simple affair of flowers and trees that might be found at any steadholt in the realm , and that the high lord cereus tended to with his own hands .
the garden was arranged around a perfectly circular pool .
its mirrored surface reflected the colors of the low furylamps throughout the garden , as well as the sullen red light of the stars .
gentlemen , if there 's fighting to be done tonight , i 'd prefer that it not be in my garden .
within half an hour , high lord cereus 's little garden was crowded with visitors .
amara nodded and turned to face the others in the garden .
quiet comments went around the little garden .
low mutters ran through the garden again , voices quicker , nervous .
` ` pah , '' scoffed a voice from the edge of the garden .
it rang off the walls around the little garden , unpleasant and sharp .
amara , and everyone else in the garden , drew in a sudden , sharp breath at kalarus 's display of power .
if kalarus truly held as much or more power than the first lord ... ` ` out with the old , '' kalarus said , his image turning to address those in the garden .
high lord cereus faced kalarus 's image for a silent minute before he lifted a hand , clenched it into a fist , and snarled , ` ` get out of my garden . ''
the others in the garden just stared after cereus , startled at the change in the man .
the water - forms nodded , and amara waited until the garden had emptied again .
he raised his voice slightly and glanced at the far corner of the little garden .
at the same time , a gentle wind that hardly stirred the plants of the garden lifted gaius from the ground , even as he wove another delicate veil around himself , vanishing as he took almost silently to the skies .
the old centurion nodded , saluted them , fist to heart , and limped from the garden .
the driveway looped around a series of gardens that were living advertisements of his horticultural skills .
first was a japanese miniature hill garden in the tsukiyama form , then an english shrubbery , and third a traditional flower bed blooming with a dozen different species of a dozen different hues .
brennan was building a hill garden with a tsutai ochi , a miniature waterfall trickling over a bed of emplaced rocks , for a japanese - american banker who had just moved into the area , and he was also constructing a multiterraced shrubbery with a fish pond for a doctor who lived down the road .
japanese gardens were his personal specialty .
he took his copy of sakuteiki , tachibana toshisuna 's classic treatise on garden design , from his reference shelf , but before he could look through it to get some ideas for the new job he stopped to stare at the image of a well - remembered woman that filled the television screen .
he 'd rather build a garden than dodge bullets in a stinking , garbage - choked alley .
past the beautifully manicured lawn was an extensive flower garden .
past the flower garden was a high hedge .
he scuttled into the garden in a crouch , keeping out of sight of the second - story windows , recognizing many of the flowers as he moved through the garden .
he scuttled into the garden in a crouch , keeping out of sight of the second - story windows , recognizing many of the flowers as he moved through the garden .
the innocent - looking flower garden , brennan realized , was a drug chemist 's dream with enough raw material to concoct almost any kind of stimulant , depressant , or hallucinogen .
not your typical garden ornament , certainly , but it fit the theme of this one .
one of my mechanical sentries caught you skulking in the garden . ''
the strange note he 'd gotten at aces high , the garden , the caterpillar , his capture , the dream .
he followed jennifer under his own power through the garden .
when i died in the rose garden and i saw the reaper take off his hood , he looked like asher .
he led them down a shallow flight of stairs through what looked like a meditation garden , with stone benches and mannered vegetation and a zen sand pool in the center .
instead of turning toward his office , which was two doors down , he took her to the right , to the big indoor garden with its quietly tinkling fountain and elaborately raked zen sand .
mist drifted through the garden and brushed the back of her neck with damp fingers , and she shivered .
borden , still standing in the garden , nodded to them as they left , but never said another word .
there was a tended garden with flowering plants that smelled heavenly .
in any case , sparks were riding the breeze and touching down far across the river in hidden gardens and remote brickyards .
the albatross descended in wide , slow sweeps that ended in an undignified flurry of feathers and a thump as it landed heavily on its platform in the patrician 's bird garden .
death sat in his garden , running a whetstone along the edge of his scythe .
it was already so sharp that any passing breeze that blew across it was sliced smoothly into two puzzled zephyrs , although breezes were rare indeed in death 's silent garden .
ridcully the brown had sighed , cursed a bit , found his staff in the kitchen garden where it had been supporting a scarecrow , and had set out .
when she got home , she buried it at the bottom of the garden .
' you know how it is at the end of the summer , there 's always so much in the garden .
hemmed in by the trees was a straggly kitchen garden , in which a few pathetic stalks fought for what little sun there was .
by then the old woman 's garden was full of people , and the air with the sound of sawing and hammering .
then the skinny female with the teeth had kept simpering at him and saying she 'd see him later in the rose garden , which was n't at all the cat way of doing things , and that 'd got him confused , because this was n't the right kind of body and nor was hers .
lady volentia d'arrangement sat in the rose garden under the big tower and blew her nose .
brutha paused in mid - hoe and stared around the temple garden .
there were the bees , the eagle and , at the far end of the garden , old brother lu - tze dreamily forking over the dung heap .
it extended for miles , its temples , churches , schools , dormitories , gardens , and towers growing into and around one another in a way that suggested a million termites all trying to build their mounds at the same time .
the sun beat down on the temple garden .
shall i go back to the garden now ? ''
` ` what were you doing in the garden ? ''
the gardens were well inside the temple complex ; and surrounded by high walls .
` ` but i do n't think tortoises are allowed in the gardens .
` ` but i do n't think the cenobiarch ever comes into our vegetable garden , '' said brutha .
in the ... in the garden .
nhumrod looked around the garden .
this was one of the walled gardens .
` ` the poor lad works all day in that garden .
it left him in this wretched garden , as a tortoise .
he gravitated towards the garden .
lu - tze came with the gardens .
strangely enough , given his gentle ambling from garden to garden around the citadel , lu - tze never showed much interest in the plants themselves .
` ` i expect someone else will be sent to look after the gardens , but there are some things that need doing ... '' nod , smile .
lu - tze walked his little crab - monkey walk to the little area at the far end of the walled garden which contained his heaps , the flowerpot stacks , and all the other cosmetics of the garden beautiful .
lu - tze walked his little crab - monkey walk to the little area at the far end of the walled garden which contained his heaps , the flowerpot stacks , and all the other cosmetics of the garden beautiful .
but- ` ` landed on a pile of dirt in your garden .
so brutha had to retire to the garden , with his god screaming at him from the pocket of his robe , where it was being jostled by a ball of garden twine , a pair of shears , and some loose seeds .
so brutha had to retire to the garden , with his god screaming at him from the pocket of his robe , where it was being jostled by a ball of garden twine , a pair of shears , and some loose seeds .
no , a mind like that one in the garden would n't pick up a knife .
put 'em in a vegetable garden and they 'd think you were mad .
` ` but you knew about my thoughts ... in the garden ... '' muttered brutha .
` ` about two hundred feet above your vegetable garden , '' said om , ` ` which is not a point where it 's fun to become sapient , i ' m here to tell you . ''
there were gardens .
i , i , i remember there were canals , and gardens .
they had floating gardens on the lake , i recall .
in the center of the citadel , behind the temple , was a walled garden .
it was huge and ancient , quite unlike its short - lived relatives outside the garden , and its berries were ripening .
steps led from the garden to the maze of underground tunnels and rooms that underlay the temple and , indeed , the whole of the citadel .
some spotty boy was hoeing the vegetable garden .
vorbis sat in the stone chair in his garden , papers strewn around him .
vorbis watched one of the guards escort the man from the garden .
he swept up to the gates , swept around the gates themselves , nodded and smiled at a soldier who glared at him and then realized that it was only the daft old sweeper , polished one of the handles of the gates , and swept his way by passages and cloisters to brutha 's vegetable garden .
lu - tze found a rug and padded back out into the garden , where brutha was sitting hunched up with his hoe over his knees .
they were sitting in the cenobiarch 's garden .
no matter what she did with her hair it took about three minutes for it to tangle itself up again , like a garden hosepipe left in a shed .
` ` the old rose garden . ''
` ` on the palace garden ! ''
walking around in the garden .
then she watched the garden .
she 'd always expected to have a bit of time to herself , get the garden in order , have a good clean up around the place so that whatever witch took over would n't think she 'd been a sloven , pick out a decent burial plot , and then spend some time sitting out in the rocking chair , doing nothing at all except looking at the trees and thinking about the past .
there was something in the garden .
it was n't much of a garden .
the local wildlife knew better than to invade a witch 's garden .
i ' m going for a walk in the gardens . ''
not all the gardens had been dug up for agricultural experiments .
there was , for example , the herb garden .
to magrat 's expert eye it was a pretty poor herb garden , since it just contained plants that flavoured food .
she 'd stepped out beyond what were the gardens from the point of view of the royal family and into what were the gardens from the point of view of everyone else - beyond the world of hedges and topiary and herb gardens and into the world of old sheds , piles of flowerpots , compost and , just here , beehives .
she 'd stepped out beyond what were the gardens from the point of view of the royal family and into what were the gardens from the point of view of everyone else - beyond the world of hedges and topiary and herb gardens and into the world of old sheds , piles of flowerpots , compost and , just here , beehives .
` ` i camped on old nanny gripes ' garden until she promised to tell me everything she knew .
` ` dig 'em up all the time , in my garden . ''
grown men , digging in their gardens , flung down their spades and hurried for the safety of their cottages ... clang boinnng goinng ding ... women appeared in doorways and yelled desperately for their children to come in at once ... ... bang buggrit dong boinng ... shutters thundered shut .
it was almost up the garden , after being bounced off various trees , walls , and garden gnomes on the way .
it was almost up the garden , after being bounced off various trees , walls , and garden gnomes on the way .
` ` cook 's very particular who goes into the herb garden , ma'am , '' said millie .
` ` i ' ve seen that herb garden !
it was like getting lost in her own garden .
and in granny weatherwax 's garden the bees rose out of their hives .
i bet you pinched 'em yourself , out of the garden .
magrat looked beseechingly at nanny ogg ; granny weatherwax had wandered off into the gardens , where she was getting a tendency to stick her nose in flowers right out of her system .
but it was a nice day , so he was working in the garden .
visitors to ankh - morpork were often surprised to find that there were some interesting gardens attached to the patrician 's palace .
many great landscape gardeners have gone down in history and been remembered in a very solid way by the magnificent parks and gardens that they designed with almost god - like power and foresight , thinking nothing oi making lakes and shifting hills and planting woodlands to enable future generations to appreciate the sublime beauty of wild nature transformed by man .
the words echoed around the garden .
' he also did the quirm memorial , the hanging gardens of ankh , and the colossus of morpork , ' said carrot .
it must have a large garden , a warm spot by the fire , and happy laughing children . '
there was a large house in one of the nicer areas of ankh , with a spacious garden with a children 's tree - house in it and , quite probably , a warm spot by the fire .
here was one from the girl aged six : what we did on our holidys : what i did on my holidys i staid with grandad he has a big white hors and a garden it is al black .
it was the same with the garden .
there was a squat little house , with a garden around it .
susan stormed out through the back door , across the enormous expanses of the outer room , past the grindstone in the yard , and into the garden .
a path led from the stable - yard past a vegetable garden and , descending slightly , into an orchard of black - leaved trees .
albert picked up the wheelbarrow and trundled it in the direction of the garden .
there were , pushing jolly wheelbarrows and carrying tiny scythes , what might have been garden gnomes in a mortal garden but here were cheery little skeletons in black robes .
there were , pushing jolly wheelbarrows and carrying tiny scythes , what might have been garden gnomes in a mortal garden but here were cheery little skeletons in black robes .
a couple of dollars became two lamb kormas and pitchblende vindaloo at the curry gardens , along with a bottle of wine so chemical that even trolls could drink it .
it had hardly finished doing so before ridcully hurried through the dewy grass of the university gardens and hammered on the door of the high energy magic building .
the raven glanced at a garden gnome .
he did not often have a chance to see the gardens , which had been written up in the ' how not to do it ' section of gardening manuals everywhere .
the gardens occupied the heart of the city and it was possible to hear the noises from outside , although these were muted because of the straw spread daily on the nearest streets and also because any sound considered too loud would earn its originator a very brief stay in prison .
of the gardens , the most aesthetically pleasing was the one laid out by the first emperor , one sun mirror .
at the moment the garden was occupied by two little wang , the master of protocol , who came there because he felt it was good for his nerves .
he plunged towards an archway and out into a garden .
the garden was not what it had been .
the problem was not putting them to work but stopping them from working ; if you set a golem to digging the garden and then forgot about it , you 'd come back to find it 'd planted a row of beans 1500 miles long .
a few minutes later , the cockerel in the garden next door stuck up his head to greet the bright new day and died instantly mid-'doodle - doo ' .
and , standing right next to him , the much more unwelcome shape of granny weatherwax , who had once caught him digging in her garden and had kicked him in the cucumbers .
there was a garden up there , with orchards and flowerbeds , and a quite small black cottage .
somehow rincewind had expected the garden on the outcrop to be full of dead flowers , but it was in fact well kept and had obviously been planted by someone with an eye for colour , always provided the colour was deep purple , night black or shroud white .
he grabbed twoflower 's shoulder and tried to shuffle imperceptibly towards the door into the dark , cold garden .
branches whipped at him in the starlit garden , and small , furry and probably horrible things scampered away as he pounded desperately along the faint lifeline that shone eerily on the freezing grass .
it waved a claw at a bird table in the garden below .
chickenwire sidled towards medium dave in the garden .
if you could call it a garden .
so could lawyers , especially the real rich ones to whom ' neighbour ' meant a man who 'd sue for twenty years over a strip of garden two inches wide .
peopled live for ages side by side , nodding at one another amicably on their way to work every day , and then some trivial thing would happen and someone would he having a garden fork removed from their ear .
carrot produced a three - tined garden fork and walked round to the cart , which dripped .
' only i asked him for some books on klatch , you see , and one of the ones he gave me was the perfumed allotment , or , the garden of delights .
tick lu - tze the sweeper was in his garden of five surprises , carefully cultivating his mountains .
lu - tze glanced at the person who had entered the garden .
' is n't this the garden of lu- tze ? '
' why is this called the garden of five surprises ? '
' the garden of five surprises is a test , ' he said , at last .
it was like the garden of the four elements .
no one had said that the four in the garden were the material four , so the fourth element in the garden could be surprise at the fact that fire was n't there .
no one had said that the four in the garden were the material four , so the fourth element in the garden could be surprise at the fact that fire was n't there .
besides , fire was not generally found in a garden , and the other signs were , truly , in their element .
let 's go to the gardens .
the clock path wound out from the majn complex , up through the terraced gardens , and then rejoined the wider path as it tunnelled into the cliff wall .
you planted this garden , did you ? '
i understood you were looking to retire and cultivate your gardens ? '
i 'll see you in the garden of five surprises in one minute . '
surely a nice old lady would n't put something like that in her garden , would she ?
now there was a garden , with peacocks and fountains , and a stone seat , upholstered with moss .
my grandfather has a garden where everything is black .
i bet this garden needs regular weeding , and the fountains have to be unblocked , and the peacocks shed feathers and dig up the lawn ... and if they do n't do that , then this is just a fake . '
the garden faded .
wen had vanished along with the garden .
unfortunately for the auditors , alas , he was just a tiny , tiny fraction of a second too late- tick lu - tze was in his garden of five surprises when the air sparkled and fragmented and swirled into a shape in front of him .
' then a female human came along and tipped me out over the garden wall .
no matter how many aliens own up to making them , there are always a few diehards who believe that humans go out with garden rollers in the middle of the night- ' ' i just think that some people like to be cruel , ' said keith .
' malicia was going to bury you at the bottom of her garden !
sergeant colon 's normally amiable eyes had narrowed and the message they were sending was : you 're on thin ice , lad , and it 's starting to creak ... ' i mean , my landlady 's got a garden and i could easily go and cut a- ' ping went on , in an uncharacteristic attempt at suicide .
let 's take a walk in the garden , shall we ? '
mister vimes , you need a short spell in the garden of inner city tranquillity . '
it was indeed a garden , like a lot of other gardens you got in areas such as clay lane .
it was indeed a garden , like a lot of other gardens you got in areas such as clay lane .
but it 'd take magic beans to reach the real sunlight in gardens like this .
vimes stared at the garden of rocks , desperate for anything to occupy his attention .
' and i like building gardens , ' he said .
' life should be a garden . '
sweeper went back to the garden and found vimes still staring at the empty baked - bean tin of universal oneness .
and there it was , overhanging a garden wall .
he staggered into the yard , looked up at the wall separating this greasy space from the temple 's garden , jumped , scrabbled his boots on the brickwork and dragged himself on to the top , feeling a couple of bricks crumble away underneath him .
he stared blankly at the strange rockery that occupied most of the garden .
but around it the garden of inner city tranquillity was moving , pebble sliding over tiny pebble .
and then vimes became aware that the whole garden was spinning , turning on the little wisp of smoke .
vimes took one last look at the moving garden , shrugged , and then heaved himself over the wall .
they looked again at the turning , shifting garden , and felt the fingers of history spreading out and into the world .
said lord venturi , who had no idea of how much damage a garden fork could do if hurled straight down from an elevation of twenty feet .
it was lined with gardens , and there were purple flowers on the bushes .
on the other side of the bridge was the garden known as the wizard 's pleasaunce .
granny was in the garden , among the beehives , the early morning wind whipping at her skirts .
the strange night - time smells of civilization drifted in - the damp smell of streets , the fragrance of garden flowers , the distant hint of an overloaded privy .
in short , granny was even wondering about the possibility of acquiring slightly larger premises with a bit of garden and sending for her goats .
it was very restful , with the droning of the lecturers drifting over her as gently as the buzzing of the slightly zonked bees in granny 's special herb garden .
the sugar lump crashed to the flagstones and was immediately surrounded by another team of ants , ready to harness it to a long line of red ants enslaved from the kitchen garden .
and it all came out in a rush : ` ` and so after he vanished , they went to her cottage and they looked in the oven and they dug up her garden and they threw stones at her old cat until it died and they turned her out of her cottage and piled up all her old books in the middle of the room and set fire to them and burned the place to the ground and everyone said she was an old witch . ''
he 'd heard the cheeping from the other end of the garden , and even from the bottom of the tree he 'd been able to see three little yellow beaks in the nest .
huge , knobbly flints still turned up in the village gardens .
sometimes the more interesting ones would be put on garden walls , for show .
the women talked about it in twos and threes at garden gates , their arms folded , and they 'd stop and look indignant if a man walked past .
she went out into the garden , quickly .
the garden was full of ornaments .
the cottage had a big herb garden , although it contained very little that you 'd stuff a turkey with , and at this time of year there was still a lot of work to be done collecting and drying , especially the ones with important roots .
on a little card beside the book some wizard of former times has written : all that could be found of professor bustle was buried in a jar in the old rose garden .
he was always in the same old armchair , in a tiny room in a small cottage that smelled of old potatoes and was surrounded by a more or less overgrown garden .
when she reached the garden gate she got off again quickly and tethered the stick to it with string .
someone had lived here once , and had a garden .
down in the garden the apple - tree branches flayed in the wind , the dreamcatchers and curse- nets clashing and jangling ... ' see me , ' she said .
she found both of miss level was out in the wet garden in her nighties , sadly picking up bits of dreamcatcher and fallen apples .
even some of the garden ornaments had been smashed , although the madly grinning gnomes had unfortunately escaped destruction .
if it did n't have the sense to stay away from her , she 'd hit it ... as the stick drifted away , there was whispering in the long grass of the garden .
half of miss level stepped out into the ruined garden .
he turned to flee and would have got clean away if he had n't run straight into a pottery garden gnome .
if it had the brains of a human , it would have been frightened ... tiffany brought the broomstick in low over the trees , and landed it neatly in mrs earwig 's garden .
every other garden she 'd seen was used for growing vegetables , with perhaps just a little space for flowers if the wife had got tough about it .
and in the garden of every cottage they passed , tiffany noticed , the beehives were suddenly bustling with activity .
no dragon 's cave was ever approached as carefully as the cottage in the overgrown garden .
then she had to help him out into the garden , where he threw away one walking stick and waggled a finger at the weeds .
a few roses were hanging on among the weeds and briars in the garden .
i saw a. fairy in her garden !
' good , i did wonder , because it was , um , you know ... having a wee up against one of miss level 's garden gnomes ? '
the sycamores were shedding their spinning seeds , which whirled down lazily across a patch of garden .
if you wondered why it was the goats were n't eating the garden , it was because you 'd forgotten who lived here .
she led the way to the well in her back garden , looked around on the ground and picked up a stick .
i heard a noise and i looked out and i could see him standing in the corner of the garden ! '
toys , prams , garden tools ... they do n't care what they leaves out on the path on these dark mornings ! '
and that any flower planted in your garden blooms black ? ''
it was n't fear , not exactly ; it was just that she very much wanted to be somewhere other than in the garden with the sun not up and the snow blowing and filling the air with ice crystals as fine as fog .
i took the hiver through the dark door , tiffany thought , as she viciously scraped food scraps into the garden for the birds .
first , the tin bath had to be fetched from its hook on the back of the privy , which was at the bottom of the garden , and dragged through the dark , freezing night to a place of honor in front of the fire .
it came out of the pink evening sky with a whistling noise and landed in nanny ogg 's garden , throwing up a shower of dirt and leaving a big hole .
there was a chicken run out in the back garden now .
granny hurried along little paths and behind gardens and came out into the town square , which was thronged with people .
it was crowded in the curry gardens on the corner of god street and blood alley , but only with the cream of society - at least , with those people who are found floating on the top and who , therefore , it 's wisest to call the cream .
mort trotted along behind him as he stalked out of the garden and into the street , which was still fairly busy even though there were the first suggestions of dawn on the horizon .
albert has a compost heap in the garden .
death 's garden was big , neat and well - tended .
beyond the garden wall the ground dropped towards a deep valley and then rose into dark moorland that marched all the way to distant mountains , jagged as cats ' teeth .
i mean , the garden 's okay , but the mountains are downright shoddy .
when he was n't out on what death referred to as the duty mort assisted albert , or found jobs in the garden or stable , or browsed through death 's extensive library , reading with the speed and omnivorousness common to those who discover the magic of the written word for the first time .
' husband did say that last month at the curry gardens he served a creature who was not there , ' she said .
' we could have a walk in the garden , ' he said in despair , and then managed to harden his heart a little and added , ' without obligation , that is . '
death had made a pond in this corner of the garden , fed by an icy spring that appeared to be vomited into the pool by a stone lion .
it looked out over the gardens to the river , oozing peacefully towards the sea .
only four wizards in the entire history of the university had ever succeeded in achieving the complete garden .
a pool of golden sparks sizzled in the palm of his hand , curved up , formed a faint sphere , began to fill in the detail ... legend had it that maligree , one of the last of the true sourcerers , created the garden as a small , timeless , private self - locking universe where he could have a quiet smoke and a bit of a think while avoiding the cares of the world .
now the wizards were back in the hall , and the boy was holding the shrinking garden in his palm .
but in the middle of the teeming city someone had cleared a vast space , walled it off , and planted a garden so romantically natural that it looked as real as a sugar pig .
' well , some of the religions here - well , when you die , you see , they think you go to this sort of garden , where there 's all this sort of music and , and , ' he continued , wretchedly , ' sherbet and , and - young women . '
conina took in the green splendour of the walled garden , with its peacocks , intricate arches and slightly wheezy fountains .
' look here ' your br**sts are like , like , ' the seriph swayed sideways a little , and gave a brief , sorrowful glance at the empty bottle , ' are like the jewelled melons in the fabled gardens of dawn . '
her unruly herb garden seemed to move , even in the still air .
she had n't noticed before , but every tree around her garden was so heavy with birds that it looked as though a strange brown and black spring had come early .
the only pyramids he felt comfortable about were the very small ones at the bottom of the garden , built every time one of the cats died .
the ones hired by his father were best , especially on those days when he was flying as high as he could , and for one glorious winter teppic had as his tutor an elderly ibis poacher who had in fact wandered into the royal gardens in search of a stray arrow .
death clicked his fingers and a magnificent white horse ceased its grazing on some of the garden greenery and trotted towards him .
it was going to be surrounded by marble gardens and granite obelisks .
we ptaclusps do n't go around capping off pyramids as though we were finishing off a garden wall .
he wandered away from the table and into the cold garden surrounding the citadel of ephebe .
vimes sensed that this was not because the garden 's owner was too poor to do anything about it , but rather that the garden 's owner thought there were much more important things than ancestors , which was a pretty unusual point of view for an aristocrat .
vimes sensed that this was not because the garden 's owner was too poor to do anything about it , but rather that the garden 's owner thought there were much more important things than ancestors , which was a pretty unusual point of view for an aristocrat .
is it all over , with nothing worse to look forward to now than weak tea , nourishing gruel , short , strengthening walks in the garden and possibly a brief platonic love affair with a ministering angel , or was this all just a moment 's blackout and some looming bastard is now about to get down to real business with the thick end of a pickaxe helve ?
it was a small rose garden in the back of an older home .
she sits in the garden and watches them . ''
i moved closer to her , just in case one of the many police in the garden overheard and made problems with her for failing to do another part of her job .
on it was a small house with an even tinier garden .
i ' m just asking for a moment to immerse myself in the lush garden of your bosom . ''
` ` the lush garden of my ... '' annwyl shook her head .
smoke puffed from a chimney , with an herb garden right out front and a stone walkway that led to the door .
vigholf the vicious of the olgeirsson horde waited impatiently by the spikenhammer gardens .
it reminded him of esyld 's little house , although there was no herb or vegetable garden .
it rested in the center of a vast square of lawn adorned with several pathways and gardens , which were fenced in by the endless rows of grape trees .
the domed ceiling was breathtaking ; it was stained - glass and depicted an intricate mural of a lush garden flowering with exotic flora .
` ` eden is n't just some obscure , secret garden long disappeared .
my body was burning , but my soul rose above the flames in a trail of smoke that escaped into the garden of his soul .
` ` my hopeless romantic of a brother built it decades ago thinking this girl he used to dream about would one day like to spend some time here with him and that she might like having an indoor garden when they were buried in ten feet of snow .
we barraged through william 's tool shed , splitting wood and garden tools before thudding to the ground .
he piled it all on a tray and conjured a flower from the garden , as well as a little vase to put it in , watching the rising sun pour into the kitchen with satisfaction .
there was neither a school nor a church building , yet , only a mortally plain little house , graced by a few depressed and straggling trees , and a bare plot of land around it meant for a vegetable - garden , where mrs . erasmus was presently laboring in the company of her daughters and several of the young native women , who were being shown how to stake tomato plants .
laurence and berkley went to apply to him the next morning at the mission , already much altered since the last visit which laurence had made : the plot of land was now a handsome vegetable - garden , full of tomato and pepper plants ; a few khoi girls in modest black shifts were tending the rows , tying up the tomato plants to stakes , and another group beneath a broad mimosa tree were sewing diligently , while mrs . erasmus and another missionary lady , a white woman , took it in turn to read to them out of a bible translated into their tongue .
they were brought down in those gardens : not where lien slept , but in another plaza before the palace , with a makeshift pavilion of wood and sailcloth hastily erected in their honor .
` ` one could go walking , here in the gardens , or in the road , and meet people . ''
but a man should look over the fences of a neighbouring farm or garden -a piece of the country which he himself inhabits and tills c even if he does not presume to offer advice .
the chapel was part of that original structure , now overlooking the lush gardens his mother took great pains to oversee .
ronan and marrok escorted the guests into your library , away from windows overlooking the gardens or chapel so the humans would n't see all the magical activity and lose their minds .
sure enough , she flicked a light switch on , walked them over to the garden hose on the front corner of the garage , and washed off the dirt .
she was debating whether she should talk about the whole garden of eden , apple , satan incident so soon after meeting the pivotal figure in the tale , but time was short .
she often brought over plants and flowers from her garden .
` ` i was in the garden with your mother .
her only offense was being a temptation to cain ; the shining , delicious apple in his garden of demons and death .
for a single guy , his garden was very neat and tidy , even with the approach of winter .
it looked like a long forgotten garden .
` ` this is my rose garden in the orchard .
there had been stacks of cut orchard trees by mary 's rose garden .
still ... it would mean i would have to go a bit further inland , and go to her garden .
she was up by her rose garden , she- '' he raised his hand briefly .
it was no olive garden , i can tell you that much .
after dex and i returned back home , after i got my wrists patched up because of my altercation with the rose garden , and dex had his raccoon wound stitched up , we decided to show everything we shot ( that still remained with us and not on the super 8 at the bottom of haro straight ) and leave the rest up to the viewer 's imagination .
` ` so you ' ve been going to the firing range so you can shoot gardens ? ''
mrs . gee 's garden was going to be totally obliterated by teenage vomit come morning .
hasselback continued his way past manicured gardens and hedge animals that looked straight out of the shining .
he did n't like it when i made up stories about young girls lurking in our garden and wolves tearing babies apart .
this time it was coming from behind the house where my mother kept a vegetable garden and a small root cellar for preserving over the winter .
when i reached the edge of the building , i slowly inched my head around and looked at the garden .
i noticed how white her shoes stayed , despite the layer of mud in the garden from yesterday 's rain .
i never saw any more wild dogs or girls in the garden or men of shadows .
the man with the shadowy face who i saw tormenting the girl in my garden , all those years ago in the swedish countryside .
he was so full of shit , he 'd make fantastic fertilizer for their garden .
we watched a few buskers in pirates alley and peered in people 's yards in the garden district .
i had some vintage travel posters framed and put on the walls alongside signed concert posters , a few skull - embossed pillows added to the couch , a potted plant in the corner near the balcony , and a small herb garden i started on the windowsill , but that was about it .
all the curtains were sealed shut and i did n't see many gardens or the usual signs of habitation , such as kid 's toys in the driveways or hummingbird feeders .
i walked toward the edge of the playing field , where potted garden beds turned into scraggly wildflowers and the wildflowers turned into the trees .
he brushed elms aside like tall grasses ; and he was the ruin of roads and the desolation of gardens , for his great feet made holes in them as deep as wells ; if he stumbled into a house , that was the end of it .
' i expect this is good for the garden , anyway , ' said vimes , trying to make conversation .
' ai n't got a garden .
i could have started a garden with the river mud i ' ve left at the bottom of my glass . ''
in them , the darker portions of human nature , a lust for violence and blood and power , had been encouraged to grow and had overrun their thoughts like rampant weeds devouring a garden .
the woodcrafting needed to establish such a self - tending garden was astonishing .
a house with character and dogs barking in the backyard , a flower garden , and a wooded area behind the house like brandon had now .
apollo , the husky , was shut inside the main house while we were in the backyard next to the garden .
the dog scampered and raced through the garden and backyard , chasing a bird .
half a dozen forms rose up over the treetops , which swayed and danced beneath the winds , as though they had been the bushes in a holtwife 's herb garden .
music came up from a garden party as the litter passed over it , strings supporting a sweet alto flute that pursued a gentle , haunting melody .
even in the winter , there were trees with leaves , and bushes , and rock gardens decorating the small front yards .
it was a common layout for a modern place : there were areas defined by the tall statue in the middle , like an angel garden or a cross area , to help visitors navigate to the correct gravesite .
a very attractive woman with short auburn hair and big brown eyes had been photographed sitting on a white - painted wrought iron chair in a garden at the height of its beauty , probably in may , i thought .
i was seeing this garden in november , when it was not flourishing , but i was deeply impressed .
these things were laid out with precision , and a folded newspaper by them with today 's date indicated fred had been working in his garden this very morning .
` ` and then felicia buried tabitha in this garden , wrapped in a black plastic bag .
i wondered what fred hart would have told me if i 'd asked him , ` ` what do you see in your garden at night ? ''
of course , the kitschy elvis plates and hello kitty mugs were n't quite what better homes and gardens had in mind , but still , he 'd made an effort .
sedate , well furnished , kind of pallid in a better homes and gardens kind of way .
he surveyed laurence 's new coat with disdain , and laurence felt at once as poorly dressed and shabby as when he had suffered such inspections as a boy brought in fresh from playing in the gardens .
i remember the outlines of garden beds not yet planted for the spring , a goat or two in a pen , one sodden dog tied to a post , hunched defeated in the muck .
we can grow peas in the garden .
on the other side of the dome , they ' ve built a garden with flower beds and potted trees .
here in the garden , on this windy night , it 's enough to drown out two people who are trying not to be heard .
traditional dining tables have been replaced by innumerable stuffed sofas and chairs , some surrounding fireplaces , others beside fragrant flower gardens or ponds filled with exotic fish , so that people can eat and drink and do whatever they please in the utmost comfort .
a daylong picnic in the flower garden that tinkles with wind chimes .
it 's some kind of shortcut , though , because after walking through a manicured garden , we come out of another gate onto a small back street that connects two main avenues .
could it be that i am near the garden where the evil things grow ?
the song made him think of elena , her long , dark hair and her quick hands , callused by endless hours in her little vegetable garden .
when the others joined it , it would look like a flower garden swimming up into space .
then , his second year in the program , he was spotted working in the garden .
i 'd hit it in pretty season - tulips bloomed in shocking rows of red and yellow , like velvet rings of fire rippling in the wind around trees and home gardens .
paul lived in a house that had to cost at least a cool quarter million ... with spacious lawn , gracious styling , and a lacy white gazebo in the back overlooking a rose garden .
instead of a castle , it appeared that this deathless preferred sprawling estates with ornamental gardens .
one building stood out : an open - sided structure in the center of the gardens .
siris breathed in and out inside his helm for a moment , then stepped from the pathway out into the open gardens .
it was a thing of beauty , with ornate carvings and subtle colors , set in a garden with bridges spanning ponds and slow streams .
but this obelisk also had the imprint of the infinity blade on it , and it was in saydhi 's gardens .
the bolt flew , streaking across the garden between the knights .
saydhi had left her estates far too open by living in gardens like this .
he 'd need armor ; perhaps , as isa suggested , he could recover some from the fallen aegis he had killed in the gardens below .
after all , you ' ve been leading a pretty sedentary life - get up , eat a toast , read a book , watch some tv , get a sandwich across the street in the red apple for lunch , potter around in the garden a little , maybe go to the library or visit with helen and the hah f hey happen to be sitting out , eat upper , maybe sit on the porch and visit with mcgovern or lois chasse for awhile .
the garden was a good example .
working in the garden filled up a large piece of the afternoon , it took his mind off things he did n't really care to think of , and that was enough to justify the aching muscles and the occasional lights of black spots in front of his eyes .
he began his extended visits to the garden shortly after the fourth of july and continued all through august , long after the early crops had been harvested and the later ones had been hopelessly stunted by the lack of rain .
the relief of knowing that 's not true is the best thing that 's happened to me in a long , long time ... she talked about the chores to which she had been assignedworking in the garden , helping to repaint an equipment shed , washing the storm windows with vinegar and water - and about nat 's adventures in learning to walk .
there was something perfectly , simply symbolic about those hands , which were wrapped around each other like woodbine climbing a garden stake .
it wound first through a fairsized garden - plot from which everything had been harvested but the pumpkins and squashes , then into an orchard where the apples were just coming to full ripeness , then through a dense blackberry tangle where thorns seemed to reach out everywhere to snag their clothes .
he was so different , her son , so special ... but the world did not love people like that , the world tried to root them out , like tares from a garden .
i knew there had to be guards on watch in the garden and wondered what it would take for them to come tackle a crazy old woman .
we were out the back door in a flash , jerking open the door to a little garden shed that was mercifully unlocked .
i found her outside in one of the gardens , sitting in the shade of a mesquite tree as the sun grew higher and the heat increased .
` ` eugenie , '' said kiyo , following me out to a small garden behind the castle .
i did n't think i 'd be able to miss a big place like madison square garden .
ahead was a huge living room with a sunken conversation pit , a wet bar , and a solid wall of floor - to - ceiling glass that opened on a roof garden , a magnificent view of central park and the city and stars beyond .
he held forth at the ivy bush , a small inn on the bywater road ; and he spoke with some authority , for he had tended the garden at bag end for forty years , and had helped old holman in the same job before that .
i 'd not long come prentice to old holman ( him being my dad 's cousin ) , but he had me up at bag end helping him to keep folks from trampling and trapessing all over the garden while the sale was on .
' how bright your garden looks ! '
old gaffer gamgee stopped even pretending to work in his garden .
then without another word he turned away from the lights and voices in the fields and tents , and followed by his three companions went round into his garden , and trotted down the long sloping path .
for one thing , there was a lot to do up in the bag end garden , and he would have a busy day tomorrow , if the weather cleared .
the sound of sam gamgee cutting the lawn came in from the garden .
if you do n't , if you even breathe a word of what you ' ve heard here , then i hope gandalf will turn you into a spotted toad and fill the garden full of grass - snakes . '
it had been officially announced that sam was coming to buckland ' to do for mr . frodo and look after his bit of garden ' ; an arrangement that was approved by the gaffer , though it did not console him for the prospect of having lobelia as a neighbour .
pippin went out for a last stroll in the garden .
but he remembered that there was bread , surpassing the savour of a fair white loaf to one who is starving ; and fruits sweet as wildberries and richer than the tended fruits of gardens ; he drained a cup that was filled with a fragrant draught , cool as a clear fountain , golden as a summer afternoon .
a dreary place : but it seemed a charming and cheerful garden after the close forest .
near at hand was a flower - garden and a clipped hedge silver - netted , and beyond that grey shaven grass pale with dew - drops .
the man in the moon was drinking deep , and the cat began to wail ; a dish and a spoon on the table danced , the cow in the garden madly pranced , and the little dog chased his tail .
and run he did , out of the back door , through the garden , and over the fields .
he lay down again and passed into an uneasy dream , in which he walked on the grass in his garden in the shire , but it seemed faint and dim , less clear than the tall black shadows that stood looking over the hedge .
sam led him along several passages and down many steps and out into a high garden above the steep bank of the river .
the sound of running and falling water was loud , and the evening was filled with a faint scent of trees and flowers , as if summer still lingered in elrond 's gardens .
it opened on to the gardens and looked south across the ravine of the bruinen .
she seemed to be looking inside me and asking me what i would do if she gave me the chance of flying back home to the shire to a nice little hole with c with a bit of garden of my own . '
turning aside , she led them toward the southern slopes of the hill of caras galadhon , and passing through a high green hedge they came into an enclosed garden .
though you should find all barren and laid waste , there will be few gardens in middle - earth that will bloom like your garden , if you sprinkle this earth there .
though you should find all barren and laid waste , there will be few gardens in middle - earth that will bloom like your garden , if you sprinkle this earth there .
west wind blew there ; the light upon the silver tree fell like bright rain in gardens of the kings of old .
so the entwives made gardens to live in .
but we ents went on wandering , and we only came to the gardens now and again .
then when the darkness came in the north , the entwives crossed the great river , and made new gardens , and tilled new fields , and we saw them more seldom .
yet here we still are , while all the gardens of the entwives are wasted : men call them the brown lands now .
for if sauron of old destroyed the gardens , the enemy today seems likely to wither all the woods .
it was tobold hornblower , of longbottom in the southfarthing , who first grew the true pipe - weed in his gardens , about the year 1070 according to our reckoning .
ithilien , the garden of gondor now desolate kept still a dishevelled dryad loveliness .
' but folk must grow weary there , even in their gardens , as do all things under the sun of this world .
i mean plain ordinary rest , and sleep , and waking up to a morning 's work in the garden .
they stood not far from the citadel - gate , in the sixth circle , nigh to its southward wall , and about them was a garden and a greensward with trees , the only such place in the city .
why , i have never heard that it had any great virtue ; and indeed i have often said to my sisters when we came upon it growing in the woods : ` ` kingsfoil '' i said , ` ` ' t is a strange name , and i wonder why ' t is called so ; for if i were a king , i would have plants more bright in my garden '' .
still there are things deeper and higher ; and not a gaffer could tend his garden in what he calls peace but for them , whether he knows about them or not .
' they need more gardens , ' said legolas .
with that the servant of the prince came and led them to the houses of healing ; and there they found their friends in the garden , and their meeting was a merry one .
and then all the clouds rolled away , and the white sun shone , and at his command the vale of gorgoroth became a garden of flowers and trees and brought forth fruit .
the one small garden of a free gardener was all his need and due , not a garden swollen to a realm ; his own hands to use , not the hands of others to command .
the one small garden of a free gardener was all his need and due , not a garden swollen to a realm ; his own hands to use , not the hands of others to command .
the lord faramir was walking alone in the garden of the houses of healing , and the sunlight warmed him , and he felt life run new in his veins ; but his heart was heavy , and he looked out over the walls eastward .
if you will stay in this house in our care , lady , and take your rest , then you shall walk in this garden in the sun , as you will ; and you shall look east , whither all our hopes have gone .
but faramir for a long while walked alone in the garden , and his glance now strayed rather to the house than to the eastward walls .
and in the fair evening faramir and merry walked in the garden , but she did not come .
and faramir wondered at this , but he saw her seldom , being busy with many matters ; and she dwelt still in the houses of healing and walked alone in the garden , and her face grew pale again , and it seemed that in all the city she only was ailing and sorrowful .
and if she will , then let us cross the river and in happier days let us dwell in fair ithilien and there make a garden .
and standing there they surveyed the lands , for the morning was come ; and they saw the towers of the city far below them like white pencils touched by the sunlight , and all the vale of anduin was like a garden , and the mountains of shadow were veiled in a golden mist .
all the stone - circle had been thrown down and removed , and the land within was made into a garden filled with orchards and trees , and a stream ran through it ; but in the midst of all there was a lake of clear water , and out of it the tower of orthanc rose still , tall and impregnable , and its black rock was mirrored in the pool .
the pleasant row of old hobbit - holes in the bank on the north side of the pool were deserted , and their little gardens that used to run down bright to the water 's edge were rank with weeds .
the fallen hobbits were laid together in a grave on the hill - side , where later a great stone was set up with a garden about it .
the garden was full of huts and sheds , some so near the old westward windows that they cut off all their light .
the front of the new sand - pit was all levelled and made into a large sheltered garden , and new holes were dug in the southward face , back into the hill , and they were lined with brick .
' but i ' m sure the lady would not like me to keep it all for my own garden , now so many folk have suffered , ' said sam .
it sprawled for three miles along the river and back again into the castle and was a noisy , busy place filled with a warren of passages and rooms , with small factories , schools and shops mixed in with family rooms , tiny roof gardens and even a theater .
then he remembered what aunt zelda had said to him when he had brought her some herbs from the garden .
` ` give me a nice garden gnome any day , '' said aunt zelda , regarding her new and , she hoped , temporary garden ornament with distaste .
` ` give me a nice garden gnome any day , '' said aunt zelda , regarding her new and , she hoped , temporary garden ornament with distaste .
aunt zelda , thought jenna , would not be happy about the state of her garden .
' please take him for his little walk in the garden , will you ?
that had been a poser ; heretofore had never been inside the actual palace , but he 'd got into the grounds that night by scaling the fence next to the old green garden gate , met one of his old mates who had to stay up all night to keep the hothouse boilers going , had a little chat , and the following night returned for a pair of old but serviceable black boots , size eight , and information from the boot boy that his lordship wore down the left heel slightly more than the right .
when a man says that a certain woman , or house , or ship , or garden is ' his ideal ' he does not mean ( unless he is rather a fool ) that everyone else ought to have the same ideal .
we have been told , till one is sick of hearing it , that sexual desire is in the same state as any of our other natural desires and that if only we abandon the silly old victorian idea of hushing it up , everything in the garden will be lovely .
a husband and wife chatting over a fire , a couple of friends having a game of darts in a pub , a man reading a book in his own room or digging in his own garden - that is what the state is there for .
17 before coming to mansion renoux , vin had never seen a cultivated garden .
the gardens were n't large - they required too much water and attention to form more than a thin perimeter around the back of the building .
yet , there was something special about the gowns- something in their beauty , like the gardens outside .
` ` mare was fascinated by pre - ascension times , '' kelsier said , still staring out over the gardens .
he crouched atop a low garden wall , listening to the vibrations .
he paused near the garden well , and - burning bronze to make certain no allomancers were near - reached into a stand of bushes to retrieve a large sack .
he stopped near a large , whitewashed garden veranda that sat beside a small reecting pool .
kelsier hopped off the garden wall , scratching at the fake beard he wore .
and kelsier says the entire land used to be even more fertile than a nobleman 's garden .
i guess that in itself is a valuable skill , vin thought as she reached the mansion 's garden entrance without having snagged her dress on a single branch .
` ` you remember when lord entrone was found dead in the tekiel gardens ? ''
the eastern gardens were n't as lavish as the ones vin frequented , and were instead made up of smooth brown grass and the occasional shrub .
ham will probably be back with his family , dox and kelsier will be planning some new escapade , clubs will be renting his shop to another crew ... .even these gardens that we ' ve spent so much money on - they 'll belong to someone else . ''
ashless soil , washed clean and fertilized , was a luxury used only for the ornamental plants of noble gardens .
she easily jumped the six - foot - tall fence at the back , passing into the garden of some lesser nobleman 's mansion .
spook perked up , watching the young woman leave the house and enter the garden .
it was the only plant left in the garden ; the rest had been torn up and plowed under , leaving behind blackish brown earth .
from what spook had heard , the citizen had declared that ornamental gardens were of the nobility .
when the people of urteau had whitewashed the city 's murals and shattered its stained - glass windows , they had also torn up all the ornamental gardens .
beldre 's exile to the garden meant that her brother 's meeting was about to start .
however , he had trouble keeping his eyes from trailing back down to the young woman in the garden .
the streets were barely maintained , the homes - which had once been the dwellings of noblemen , but were now filled with hungry skaa - covered in ash , their gardens stripped and their structures cannibalized to feed fires during the winter .
the garden was , of course , more weeds than cultivation , and the outer mansion walls had n't seen a good scrubbing in years .
once this path would have been a calming stroll through gardens , the way marked by flagstones .
marsh shook his head as he stepped over the maidservant 's body again , moving out into the unkempt gardens .
in a few seconds , she found herself standing on a lantern - lit garden patio .
he stepped forward , moving across the plot of land that had once been a garden outside the citizen 's home .
` ` at first , i thought that sadness had to do with this garden .
you would have seen it in its fullness , before your brother ordered all gardens plowed under .
she remained silent - more beautiful herself than the garden could ever have been - though she did take a step backward as her eyes finally found him in the mists .
nobody mourns so much for a simple garden , no matter how lovely .
he always sends you out , into the garden , when he meets with his most important officials .
i actually considered kidnapping you from those gardens , but decided against it .
you came to my gardens , and you did n't even threaten me .
when the casing hit the ground , he pushed against it and sent himself horizontally in a leap over the garden wall .
with one hand on its stone top , he vaulted out of the garden , then reduced his weight to a fraction of normal as he fell down the other side .
we were in the dead gardens - those once magical underground lands where legend had it that faerie had its own sun and moon , rain and weather .
` ` if you had stood in the light , i would have not found you , but you stand in the dark , the deep dark of the dead gardens .
` ` there was wind in the dead gardens . ''
now the gardens are dead , dead as they will always be . ''
` ` what if the gardens could live again ? ''
` ` you think you can fuck the gardens back to life ? ''
galen was still lying in the dead garden .
` ` what would you give for some hint of life here in the gardens ? ''
` ` for us to bring life to the dead gardens , of course , '' he said .
` ` and if you do not bring life to the dead gardens , then what ? ''
` ` then when we are all convinced that the princess and her men can not bring life back to the gardens , you are free to do with nerys 's people as you intended . ''
` ` and if you do bring life to the gardens , what then ? ''
` ` if we bring even a hint of life back to the gardens , you will let princess meredith choose the punishment of those who tried to have her assassinated . ''
if you bring a hint of life back to the gardens , then i will allow meredith to punish nerys 's people . ''
` ` if the princess meredith and some of her men bring even a hint of life back to these gardens , then meredith alone decides what punishment shall be meted out to nerys 's people . ''
the gardens were n't waiting for reawakening ; they were just dead .
but it never rained in the dead gardens .
all the men out there in the dead gardens were covered in those lines .
` ` the garden took them . ''
` ` he vanished once we entered the garden , '' frost said .
i looked away from what hung in the tree , out into the twilight of the gardens .
the miracle of it raining in the dead gardens was n't enough to calm the cold fear .
yes , aisling was dead , and many more missing , but the dead gardens had been the heart of our faerie mound once , and were more important than any one life .
` ` they call it the dead gardens , not the dead forest , '' i said .
until , at the end , it was just what you saw when we entered - a bare patch where a flower garden once grew , surrounded by a fringe of dead trees . ''
but that was before this wonder of the dead gardens come back to life , and my sign of power returning .
` ` the garden has taken them , '' doyle said .
abe answered , ` ` once every faerie mound had a garden or forest or lake at its heart .
there 's no door anymore to the dead gardens . ''
i called out , ` ` i would like a door back into the dead gardens . ''
` ` it is not our garden beyond the door , '' mistral said .
i clung to rhys and whispered , ` ` we 're in the sluagh 's dead gardens . ''
you are all wet and muddy , and that did not happen here in our garden . ''
` ` it rained in the dead gardens , in our sithen , '' doyle said .
i am wet with the first rain to fall upon the dead gardens in centuries .
` ` i asked for a door to the dead gardens .
` ` why would that request bring you to our garden , princess meredith ? ''
` ` doyle told me to get us back to the dead gardens .
i did just that : i called a door to the dead gardens .
but i did not specify which garden , and you know the rest . ''
` ` they move like shadow and light , so graceful through the bone field that is our garden , '' agnes said , ` ` and you watch her as if she were food and drink , and you were starving . ''
` ` i tripped on such a bone coming into your garden , '' abe said , and raised his cloth - wrapped arm at her .
` ` black agnes should add to her oath that she will not harm the princess while we are here in your garden . ''
` ` i swear by the darkness that eats all things that i will not harm the princess while we stand in the dead gardens . ''
it used to be in the middle of our garden , but it has become the stuff of legend . ''
` ` have you seen the new garden outside the throne room doors in the unseelie sithen ? ''
we were back in the dead gardens of the sluagh , but the lake was full of water now , and the island of bones was in the middle of it .
my gran had grown them in the herb garden behind the house where my father raised me - so many varieties .
all the rest who had vanished into the dead gardens were with him .
i thought the garden had kept him , until i heard another voice shrieking my name in the distance .
i remember what you told me in the dead gardens : that i could not keep him . ''
he laughed , that joyous sound that had brought the singing of birds in the sluagh 's dead garden .
the small garden on the balcony she painstakingly worked on whenever she had time was her personal treasure .
she sat on the edge of the garden tub while steam filled the air .
i watched you put the garden together outside .
it was ridiculous- garden tub and a separate , standing shower with expensive - looking tile .
` ` holy garden tub , '' i murmured .
orbs of every color dotted what must have been a summertime garden .
he felt quite sure now that this must be the gate of the rise and that these trees surrounded a house and garden .
the moment he had done so , it seemed to him that he had not till now fully made up his mind - now that he must break into the garden if only in order to recover the pack .
` ` and if you expect me to say that i am pleased to see this person who has just broken into my garden , you will be disappointed .
it seemed to him that he and weston and devine were all standing in a little garden surrounded by a wall .
they left them in the garden and retired into the darkness themselves , locking the door behind them .
as they proceeded the petrified forests grew more numerous , and often for half an hour at a time the whole horizon of the lifeless , almost airless , waste blushed like an english garden in summer .
the softness of the weed , the warmth and the sweet smell which pervaded the whole island , reminded him of earth and gardens in summer .
there 's nothing as sexy as a man 's voice , especially the deep , gravelly ones and this one had more gravel than a landscaped garden .
perhaps he was in the garden waiting for me , hiding .
we must get out into the garden as soon as the sun is up and point it so that there are no trees or buildings in the way .
after that there was a journey in haste for humphrey and me , standings in crowded corridors and waitings at small hours on windy platforms , and finally the moment when we stood in clear early sunlight in the little wilderness of deep weeds which ransom 's garden had now become and saw a black speck against the sunrise and then , almost silently , the casket had glided down between us .
he recognised the garden of the hesperides at once .
he knew now that it was not merely man - like , but a man - a green man on an orange field , green like the beautifully coloured green beetle in an english garden , running downhill towards him with easy strides and very swiftly .
then the seas lifted his own land and the green man became a foreshortened figure far below him , like an actor seen from the gallery at covent garden .
the light was dim , the air gentle , and all ransom 's body was bathed in bliss , but the garden world where he stood seemed to be packed quite full , and as if an unendurable pressure had been laid upon his shoulders , his legs failed him and he half sank , half fell , into a sitting position .
the milk - warm wind blowing over the golden sea , the blues and silvers and greens of the floating garden , the sky itself - all these had become , in one instant , merely the illuminated margin of a book whose text was the struggling little horror at his feet , and he himself , in that same instant , had passed into a state of emotion which he could neither control nor understand .
the well - manicured garden looked dormant ... neglected .
a cold drizzle dampened her hair , and she began to shiver as she looked across the expanse of the wintery garden .
suddenly , the chilly drizzle of sterling 's garden was gone , replaced by a bedroom housed in , of all things , a cave .
chapter eighteen ice scanned blackbourne 's winter - ravaged gardens .
chapter two the ancient treasure house ` ` this was n't a garden , '' said susan presently .
the little door at the very bottom of the tower , the door into the garden , is unlocked .
then came the fresh air in the garden , a fervent handclasp with the doctor , a run across the lawn , a welcoming whinny from destrier , and so king caspian the tenth left the castle of his fathers .
he was far bigger than the ordinary dumb squirrels which he had sometimes seen in the castle gardens ; indeed he was nearly the size of a terrier and the moment you looked in his face you saw that he could talk .
aria 's study could easily have been mistaken for a garden .
a winch - and - pulley rig beside a large bucket at the roof 's edge indicated that irrigating the rooftop gardens would be taxing , but not impossible .
not a minute later , a house or a garden one tier below the citadel level caught fire .
some of the klatchian religions say you go to a lovely garden full of young women , which does n't sound very religious to me ... windle found himself wondering how you applied for klatchian nationality after death .
he stalked through the black orchard , where albert was busy about the beehives , and on until he climbed a small mound on the edge of the garden .
behind them was the garden of eden , lush and filled with flowers .
he picked the book up , read about a vicar finding a body in a garden , and put it down again , bored .
here was a vegetable garden , and two whores in shorts sliding long sticks - tomato - stakes , he supposed - into the ground .
the bitches across the street would know where she was , though - the stevenson woman would have her address in her files , and probably the ones over there in the garden had already been up to her little roachtrap for tea and girl scout cookies .
` ` pass through the door on the other side of the altar and you gon na find yourself in a garden where all the plants n flowers are dead !
acrost the garden you gon na see a grove of trees , all of them dead , too , all cept one !
in between the garden and the grove there runs a stream !
the garden was divided into two parts - flowers on the left , veggies on the right - but it was all dead .
moving slowly - knowing if she tried to go even a little faster she was apt to lose it completely - rosie went down the three stone steps ( much humbler even than those at the front of the building ) and into the remains of what she mentally named bull gardens .
she had been a faithful attendee of methodist little folks sunday school back in aubreyville , and now she remembered the story of adam and eve in the garden of eden and thought that if there really had been a tree of good and evil standing at the center of that place , it must have looked just like this .
there you are , he thought as he watched her walk through a dead garden in a pelting rainstorm .
he watched the smoke - rose leave the weird dead garden and approach a stream so dark it looked more like ink than water .
` ` not if they stay out of gardens and henhouses , and mom and pop'11 be wise enough to keep them away from farms - if they keep normal , that is .
` ` more often than not it 's rabies that leads them to gardens and henhouses in the first place .
it was neither gert nor lana the yogurt pop lady , but it was someone else norman recognized , just the same - one of the whores he 'd seen in the garden on the day he 'd reconned daughters and sisters .
he walked past the place , looking into the vegetable garden where he 'd seen the two whores before - one of them the whore he 'd grabbed at the comfort station .
the ground behind the temple sloped toward a stream , and standing there halfway down , in what looked like the world 's deadest garden , .
he was very small , and very young , or he would have known better ; and he was very happy playing in the garden in the sunshine with a yellow ball , or he would never have done what he did .
he wanted to rest and get ready for the night again ; for he thought that this time he might find a way out and escape , and wander away and away , until he came back to his home and his garden and his yellow ball on the lawn .
looking over , roverandom saw below a garden in twilight ; and as he looked it changed to the soft glow of an afternoon sun , though he could not see where the soft light came from that lit all that sheltered place and never strayed beyond .
it was much too smooth even for a spider to climb - not that any spider ever dared try ; for he might slide down , but neither he nor anything else could get up again ; and in that garden were hidden sentinels , not to mention the man - in - the - moon , without whom no party was complete , for they were his own parties .
but he did not ; he was thinking of the garden and the little boy .
very soon the picture shifted and he saw the little boys ' father 's white house on the cliff , with its garden running down to the sea ; and at the gate he saw - an unpleasant surprise - the old wizard sitting on a stone smoking his pipe , as if he had nothing to do but watch there for ever , with his old green hat on the back of his head and his waistcoat unbuttoned .
it was not roverandom 's fault , and he did his best not to show it , but somehow none of the adventures or explorations seemed so exciting to him as they had done before , and he was always thinking of the fun he had in the garden with little boy two .
so roverandom swam off and went to bed , or rather roosted in a bunch of seaweed growing on a high rock in the garden .
they have volcanoes and all that kind of nuisance quite as badly as we have ) and blow up somebody 's prize flock of goldfish , or prize bed of anemones , or one and only pearl - oyster , or famous rock and coral garden ; or savage fish have a fight in the highway and knock mer - children over ; or absent - minded sharks swim in at the dining - room window and spoil the dinner ; or the deep , dark , unmentionable monsters of the black abysses do horrible and wicked things .
he was jolly glad when he got out into the garden to find that he was still unchanged in shape ; and i dare say if he had not removed himself quick the wizard would have changed him into a sea - slug , or sent him to the back of beyond ( wherever that is ) , or even to pot ( which is at the bottom of the deepest sea ) .
i picked it up , and several other little oddments that belonged to me , on the nasty rubbish heap you made in the garden . '
the blacks had located in his rock garden , where they built a castle heavy with obsidian and quartz .
in my rock garden and the old swimming pool you 'll find castles .
kress could see the castle in the rock garden from his vantage point .
he leaped over the smoking corpse of the first flamer , landed on solid ground within kress 's rock garden , and heaved .
the men stayed like a strange garden of beautiful statues , so very still , as the whip whispered back along the floor .
sunset threw reddish - orange light onto their house , and the scent of her flower garden filled the air .
i saw my mom bent over in her garden when i arrived , requiring me to sneak inside quietly so i could speak with roland in private .
i had a few planters out in the rock garden that passed for my backyard , but she maintained a veritable oasis .
she left us then , returning to the peace of her garden .
instead , we wound deeper into the keep until we stood at a set of glass doors leading out to some sort of garden or atrium .
from inside , i had expected a small courtyard type of garden , but this looked like it stretched out indefinitely .
outdoors , we found dorian in one of the gardens , standing over a small , fluffy dog .
she had been right : garden work was n't so bad once you started .
his court spilled to either side in its standing lines , and the smaller chairs were like a garden of brilliant flowers formed of gold and silver and jewels .
the herbs added a warm , thick undertone to the scent , as if we were standing in the middle of an herb garden with a hedge of wild roses around it to guard it and keep it safe .
a sun that had nothing to do with the sky outside the sithen rose in the distant curve of sky , and as the soft light brightened , it revealed a garden .
i would have said it was a knot garden , that time - consuming art of grooming herbs into clean , curved , victorian lines , but my eyes could n't quite make out the herbs ' shape .
the kind of shapes that are impossible with physics the way it 's supposed to work , but then there was a sun underground , and a garden that had n't been there moments before .
` ` let us take him to the garden , '' i said .
sholto said , ` ` i think the garden will remain here , henry . ''
i took sholto 's arm , laid my other hand on mistral 's bare skin , and we walked into the garden .
chapter thirteen the stones of the garden path moved under my bare feet .
at his words , the center of the knot garden spread wide like a mouth , or a piece of cloth that you open to make room for a sleeve .
normally i felt safe when the magic of the goddess was moving this strongly , but there was just something about this garden that made me nervous .
there were four small trees in the center of the garden now , where the herbs and stones had moved aside .
the garden was growing a bed for mistral .
` ` we must get back to the garden and the bed now . ''
he led us around the bed , and the next moment we were back in the edge of the garden , outside the gate of bone .
mistral found a seat on the edge of the garden that surrounded us , and did his best to ignore us .
merkids hung out everywhere - on the steps , in the gardens , over the statues - practically the whole school was there .
the dimbles ' garden was famous .
the committee at belbury did not meet till 10.30 , and ever since breakfast he had been walking with the reverend straik in the garden , despite the raw and misty weather of the morning .
- mrs . maggs and camilla were doing something at a stove and in a doorway , which led to the scullery , a tall , grizzly headed man , who wore gum - boots and seemed to have just come from the garden , was drying his hands .
away out to the garden .
` ` that mr . macphee ... '' said jane , as they walked uphill to the summit of the garden , ` ` how does he explain the director 's age ? ''
as he gained height and came into the region of large villas with gardens he noticed that many of these had been requisitioned and bore white placards with the n.i.c.e .
today an unusual thing had happened to him - he had got into the garden without being muzzled .
mrs . maggs would have described his state of mind by saying , ` ` he knows perfectly well he 's not allowed out of the garden . ''
one met bees in the garden .
jane had gone into the garden to think .
and when she was able to go about again , she would seek the house of brandir ; for she was most eager to learn the names of all living things , and he knew much of such matters ; and they would walk together in the gardens and the glades .
but for me the orcs would have come and hung you as a scarecrow in your garden .
her name was scarlett amber perkins , she told him , and she lived in a flat with no garden .
all this as they dodged and wove their way through suburban gardens .
they avoided one garden ( ` ` psst ! ''
and ran along the top of the garden wall , scampering over it like rats the size of children .
there was a gardener 's hut at the far end of the graveyard , a small green building that smelled like motor oil , and in which the old mower sat and rusted , unused , along with an assortment of ancient garden tools .
he had forgotten the prohibitions on leaving the graveyard , forgotten that tonight in the graveyard on the hill the dead were no longer in their places ; all that he thought of was the old town , and he trotted through it down to the municipal gardens in front of the old town hall ( which was now a museum and tourist information center , the town hall itself having moved into much more imposing , if newer and duller , offices halfway across the city ) .
there were already people around , wandering the municipal gardens - now in midwinter , little more than a large grassy field with , here and there , some steps , a shrub , a statue .
he caught sight of the lady in the grey dress from time to time , as he spun and stomped his way across the municipal gardens .
` ` i was n't even in your garden .
but where her bus always turned right , this one turned left , into the old town , past the municipal gardens in the old town square , past the statue of josiah worthington , bart . , and then crept up a winding hill lined with high houses , as scarlett 's heart sank and her anger was replaced with misery .
there was a small concreted space in front of it that was n't a garden , a green mini parked on the street .
they bowed most politely to caspian and paid him long compliments , all about the fountains of prosperity irrigating the gardens of prudence and virtue - and things like that - but of course what they wanted was the money they had paid .
so at last we came to the top of a mountain i 'd never seen before and on the top of this mountain there was a garden - trees and fruit and everything .
their work is to mind the garden and raise food - not for me , as they imagine , but for themselves .
and of course for a garden you want water .
after that she went from them like the wind and out into the garden .
` ` same as in a pool or in a garden at home . ''
i was in a stupor.this went against everything that i had ever believed and suddenly the biblical story of the garden of eden sprang to mind ... how eve had been tempted by the serpent into eating from the tree of life.this must have been how she felt , becausea part of me , a part that was growing larger by the moment , wanted to believe annen , even though it felt really wrong.the fates always placed me in horrific circumstances.if i could escape it ... if i could save hasani ... nothing else mattered.i would accept the consequences .
the gentle breeze lifted my hair away from my forehead and i inhaled the floral scent in the air as it drifted towards us over the magnificent royal gardens.bright blue lotus flowers drifted serenely in small rock - lined ponds , while white chickpeas softly swayed in the breeze intertwined with intricately sculpted shrubbery.cleopatra bent and picked a lotus blossom , tucking it behind her ear as i stood in the serene garden and watched .
i opted to make my way quietly through the gardens behind the palace rather than stay on the stone walkways , hoping that i would run into fewer people.anyone i ran into while i was still on the palace grounds would be sure to wonder why a peasant girl was so close to the palace and might even call to have me removed , which would draw unwanted attention .
as i crept silently through a sculpted section of the garden , i inhaled the night breeze deeply , enjoying the fresh , clean scent.but i stopped abruptly in my tracks as i heard antony 's loud voice .
said he , and she , clambering upon his knee , said : ' a tale of men and of children in the great lands , or of thy home -- and didst thou have a garden there such as we , where poppies grew and pansies like those that grow in my corner by the arbour of the thrushes ? '
indeed she was a sprite that escaped from lorien 's gardens before even kor was built , and she wandered in the wooded places of the world , and nightingales went with her and often sang about her .
then began tinuviel to dance a yet swifter dance before his eyes , and even as she danced she sang in a voice very low and wonderful a song which gwendeling had taught her long ago , a song that the youths and maidens sang beneath the cypresses of the gardens of lorien when the tree of gold had waned and silpion was gleaming .
indeed she was a sprite that , escaping from lorien 's gardens before even kor was built , wandered in the wild places of the world and in every lonely wood .
now the streets of gondolin were paved with stone and wide , kerbed with marble , and fair houses and courts amid gardens of bright flowers were set about the ways , and many towers of great slenderness and beauty builded of white marble and carved most marvellously rose to the heaven .
then the balrogs con- tinued to shoot darts of fire and flaming arrows like small snakes into the sky , and these fell upon the roofs and gardens of gondolin till all the trees were scorched , and the flowers and grass burned up , and the whiteness of those walls and colonnades was blackened and seared : yet a worse matter was it that a company of those demons climbed upon the coils of the serpents of iron and thence loosed unceasingly from their bows and slings till a fire began to burn in the city to the back of the main army of the defenders .
knowledge of the very existence of iluvatar was , it seems , a prerogative of the elves ; long afterwards in the garden of mar vanwa tyalieva ( i .
but it was forgotten , and cast in the garden of gilfanon , and a mighty pine arose that reached to ilwe and the stars . '
prelude in unknown days my fathers ' sires came , and from son to son took root among the orchards and the river - meads and the long grasses of the fragrant plain : many a summer saw they kindle yellow fires of iris in the bowing reeds , and many a sea of blossom turn to golden fruit in walled gardens of the great champain .
there sleep came easy for the drone of bees thronging about cottage gardens heaped with flowers ; in love of sunlit goodliness of days there richly flowed their lives in settled hours -- but that was long ago , and now no more they sing , nor reap , nor sow , and i perforce in many a town about this isle unsettled wanderer have dwelt awhile .
in unknown days my fathers ' sires came , and from son to son took root among the orchards and the river - meads and the long grasses of the fragrant plain : many a summer saw they kindle yellow fires of flaglilies among the bowing reeds , and many a sea of blossom turn to golden fruit in walled gardens of the great champain .
there sleep came easy for the drone of bees thronging about cottage gardens heaped with flowers ; in love of sunlit goodliness of days there richly flowed their lives in settled hours -- but that was long ago , and now no more they sing , nor reap , nor sow ; and i perforce in many a town about this isle unsettled wanderer have dwelt awhile .
the stuck - up bitch next door was forever whining to the council about the state of terri 's garden .
simon limped to work on his fractured toe and told everyone that he had slipped on the garden path .
she had thought it one of kay 's mad ideas , like the two chickens she had bought for their tiny back garden in hackney ( killed by a fox a week after purchase ) , or deciding to ruin half their saucepans and permanently scar her own hand by making marmalade , when she hardly ever cooked .
' i ain ' , ' said terri , but she turned away , looking out of the dirty back window over the patch of overgrown litter - strewn grass they called the back garden .
she cut across a neighbour 's garden at a run and took a zig - zag route through back ways in the direction of nikki 's house , and all the time the wetness spread in her pants and she thought she might throw up .
he had fantasized about having a garden to play in , a tree from which to hang a swing , space and greenness everywhere .
fats walked up the garden path without slowing , but with unexpected trepidation .
he had offered to help fergus with mary 's garden this weekend .
and at the bottom of church row , parminder jawanda slipped a coat on over her nightdress and took her coffee into the back garden .
ahead , he saw samantha , walking up their garden path .
she had buried andrew 's epipen in the soft earth beneath the bird table in the garden , like a tiny corpse .
she saw dooryard gardens resting their bright blooms for spring , cars parked on the roadside or in short drives .
the same rich green covered the walls and served as a backdrop for colorful prints of the hills , of the woods and gardens .
a pretty stone courtyard backed by a garden wall separated it from the garage and the rooms - boyle's - over it .
dooryard gardens reached for spring , with brave blooms opening in wild blues , sassy oranges , delicate whites , topped here and there by the heralding trumpets of daffodils .
and her heart came to accept what she understood as she 'd walked with him along the paths and tidy gardens that opened for spring , among the spirits and the legends , into the promise kept by one of hers .
the truck bumped down a skinny track with pretty little houses on one side , laced with gardens with blooms testing the chill .
wildflowers rose and opened to drink , gardens burst to glorious life .
while the swords sang and meara shouted insults or instructions , branna sat on a garden bench like some exotic housewife , calmly peeling potatoes for dinner .
now i think we 'll do a side of the green beans i blanched and froze from the garden last year , then we 'll ...
it was a passion she cultivated with her own gardens and tried to teach to her daughter and granddaughter , but they lacked the patience needed to build a strong potion .
scanning the ingredient list , hannah recognized the herbs from being in pea 's garden .
snaking through pea 's old gardens , she yanked the wrought iron door to the small graveyard open .
` ` they 're in the rock garden behind the gymnasium . ''
the old books said it was a time to plant seeds in the garden , as well as a time to plant the seeds of desired manifestation . ''
they walked side by side , her mother carrying a casserole dish and cassie holding a few soothing herbs from the garden .
they 'd asked cassie to bring over the flowers from a rare herb in her garden - the plymouth gentian .
she trudged through the maze of her grandmother 's herb garden and across the surrounding acre of swaying green grass .
the best rooms were all on the left - hand side ( going in ) , for these were the only ones to have windows , deep - set round windows looking over his garden and meadows beyond , sloping down to the river .
they soon came to a wooden gate , high and broad , beyond which they could see gardens and a cluster of low wooden buildings , some thatched and made of unshaped logs ; barns , stables , sheds , and a long low wooden house .
it faced south and was still warm and filled with the light of the westering sun which slanted into it , and fell golden on the garden full of flowers that came right up to the steps .
here they sat on wooden benches while gandalf began his tale , and bilbo swung his dangling legs and looked at the flowers in the garden , wondering what their names could be , as he had never seen half of them before .
by the time the wizard had finished his tale and had told of the eagles ' rescue and of how they had all been brought to the carrock , the sun had fallen behind the peaks of the misty mountains and the shadows were long in beorn 's garden .
it must be potent wine to make a wood - elf drowsy ; but this wine , it would seem , was the heady vintage of the great gardens of dorwinion , not meant for his soldiers or his servants , but for the king 's feasts only , and for smaller bowls , not for the butler 's great flagons .
back to gardens on the hills where the berry swells and fills under sunlight , under day !
` ` i prepared an ointment for you from some herbs in the garden .
behind the walls of the pelori the valar established their domain in that region which is called valinor , and there were their houses , their gardens , and their towers .
she dwelt in the gardens of lorien , and among all his people there were none more beautiful than melian , nor more wise , nor more skilled in songs of enchantment .
even among the radiant flowers of the tree - lit gardens of valinor they longed still at times to see the stars ; and therefore a gap was made in the great walls of the pelori , and there in a deep valley that ran down to the sea the eldar raised a high green hill : tuna it was called .
she went then to the gardens of lorien and lay down to sleep ; but though she seemed to sleep , her spirit indeed departed from her body , and passed in silence to the halls of mandos .
then finwe lived in sorrow ; and he went often to the gardens of lorien , and sitting beneath the silver willows beside the body of his wife he called her by her names .
the nightingales sang there as in the gardens of lorien ; and there were fountains of silver , and basins of marble , and floors of many - coloured stones .
thereafter melian spoke to none save to mablung only , bidding him take heed to the silmaril , and to send word speedily to beren and luthien in ossiriand ; and she vanished out of middle - earth , and passed to the land of the valar beyond the western sea , to muse upon her sorrows in the gardens of lorien , whence she came , and this tale speaks of her no more .
then suddenly fire burst from the meneltarma , and there came a mighty wind and a tumult of the earth , and the sky reeled , and the hills slid , and numenor went down into the sea , with all its children and its wives and its maidens and its ladies proud ; and all its gardens and its balls and its towers , its tombs and its riches , and its jewels and its webs and its things painted and carven , and its lore : they vanished for ever .
` ` let 's head to the garden . ''
' i was digging my garden this morning and up came this parsnip , and i thought : that young man at the paper will laugh himself silly when he sees it , 'cos my lady wife could n't keep a straight face , and -- ' to william 's horror he was already reaching into the box .
he reigned from a dragon throne amid the hanging gardens he had caused to be constructed , and it was there he sat when he tried jesus of nazareth , the troublemaking prophet who had been dragged before him bound and bleeding .
rambling and stately , it rose from amid gardens of small bright flowers and seas of golden grass , and the gardens were surrounded by a high wall .
rambling and stately , it rose from amid gardens of small bright flowers and seas of golden grass , and the gardens were surrounded by a high wall .
his name was also mentioned in connection with the hanging gardens , and there is an entry for a so - called codex judas .
it was n't a garden spot , unless you liked your garden with lots of thorns and spikes .
it was n't a garden spot , unless you liked your garden with lots of thorns and spikes .
i sat on one of the steps that led to the upper gardens and closed my eyes .
mine 's kind of a rock garden . ''
i could n't see it of art , not the art who happily tended his garden and offered us beer and pop .
i swore to rurik that i 'd talk to him later , that i needed some time to myself first , and left them both for one of the castle 's enclosed gardens .
they passed through another set of columns and into an open garden , with water trickling somewhere in the darkness , and the whisper of broad leaves rubbing against one another overhead .
after having passed two nights in smaller towns , laurence had begun to think their first establishment an unusual case , but their residence that night in the city of wuchang dwarfed it into insignificance : eight great pavilions arranged in a symmetric octagonal shape , joined by narrower enclosed halls , around a space deserving to be called a park more than a garden .
` ` blythe , will you see if you can arrange some elevation for lieutenant riggs and his riflemen out of those stones in the garden ?
laurence followed unthinking up the stairs into the blessedly cool interior of a house , fragrant with traces of incense ; along a narrow hallway and to a room which faced onto the garden courtyard .
occasionally they drilled with their small - arms in the courtyard behind the residence , but it was not very pleasant in the heat , and they were glad to return to the cool walks and gardens of the palace after .
having done his duty by each course , he now crawled out into the garden uninvited with a little moan and collapsed into a stupor .
laurence had entirely if irrationally given up the idea of liu bao 's involvement : it was impossible to be suspicious of a man while sitting in his garden , full of his generous dinner ; and even hammond was half - unwillingly at his ease , blinking with the effort of keeping awake .
but then she made a big sacrifice to guanyin and built her a special altar in the nicest place in their south garden , and now he has married and taken up studying . ''
batta , the nurse , shore me and and my sister redival outside the palace at the foot of the garden which runs steeply up the hill behind .
( i was leaning my head on my window - sill to dry my hair after the bath , and they were walking in the garden . )
psyche had wandered off , singing to herself , among the trees , to the edge of the royal gardens where they overlook the lane .
` ` in the gardens most likely , '' said i .
the breaking of the drought had come too late to save the crops for the most part ( one or two fields put up a little ) ; but garden stuff was growing .
i thought there might already be some kindred of my own in your garden whom i had no mind to meet .
no , no , not a girl crying in the garden .
from the very first ( it began that night in the garden with trunia ) as soon as my face was invisible , people began to discover all manner of beauties in my voice .
then the days and months and years went on again as before , round and round like a wheel , till there came a day when i looked about me at the gardens and the palace and the ridge of the grey mountain out eastward , and thought i could no longer endure to see these same things every day till i died .
while i related my first years , when i wrote how redival and i built mud houses in the garden , a thousand other things came back into my mind , all about those days when there was no psyche and no fox - only i and redival .
i have run out into the garden to get free - and to get , as it were , freshened and cleansed - from her huge , hot , strong yet flabby - soft embraces , the smothering , engulfing tenacity of her .
and one day , when my work had been very wearisome , i took this book , as soon as i was free , and went out into the garden to comfort myself , and gorge myself with comfort , by reading over how i had cared for psyche and taught her and tried to save her and wounded myself for her sake .
about the garden of the hesperides , '' said luxa .
to suffer this at his own mother 's hands ... many of us think it contributed to his insanity at the garden of hesperides , '' said mareth .
at the garden of hesperides , '' said ripred .
all of the awful family history between his wife and his son - the tragedy at the garden of hesperides , hamnet 's mad flight from regalia , the anger that passed between them in the jungle , losing hamnet not once but twice .
it was like a magnificent garden with those multicolored blossoms and that glorious smell and ... then he remembered the plants that had taken mange 's life .
a place the bats had named the garden of the hesperides .
sandwich 's own people had planted the garden soon after they had arrived in the underland .
when i was a pup , i remember , it was a great treat to go to the garden , '' said ripred , ` ` to eat the apples , to sleep in the caves surrounding it , which smelled as sweet as the fruit . ''
` ` everyone loved the garden . ''
` ` i have never even heard of the garden of the hesperides , '' said luxa suspiciously .
anyway , the humans decided they wanted the garden back .
the rats , most of whom were playing in the garden with their pups , were thrown into chaos .
` ` what happened to the garden ? ''
now that they all knew about the garden of the hesperides and mareth saving hamnet , somehow he felt awkward mentioning the name .
that battle at the garden ?
suana 's quarters looked more like a garden than proper rooms .
as a sitter , suana could demand quarters with windows , and she made full use of her inset balcony as an herb garden .
but beyond that , she had mirrors positioned to reflect light into the room , which was overgrown with small potted trees , shrubs growing in large basins of earth , and even a small garden for carrots and radishes .
` ` accept and take your meal in a public place , perhaps one of the tower gardens .
in the mornings you will report to the groundsmaster and work the gardens .
chapter 30 old advice gawyn remembered very little of his father - the man had never been much of a father , to him at least - but he did have a strong memory of a day in the caemlyn palace gardens .
know that her majesty , may she live forever , saw a new spring rose drop three petals in the garden today .
she changed her dress to that of a stately green gown fitting an amyrlin , then moved herself to the tower 's spring garden .
the spring garden was smaller than most of the other tower gardens ; it was a triangular plot of land pressed between two walls .
the spring garden was smaller than most of the other tower gardens ; it was a triangular plot of land pressed between two walls .
the solution was a small garden full of plants that thrived in the shade .
elayne strolled through the palace 's sunrise garden .
this smaller garden had always been a favored location of her mother 's , set atop the roof of the palace 's eastern wing .
it was in those gardens that she had first met rand .
elayne continued to walk the roof garden .
a tinkling stream ran through the middle of the garden , lined in carefully placed river stones .
the garden fell still .
chapter 37 darkness in the tower gawyn sat on a bench in the caemlyn palace gardens .
` ` to the gardens , '' egwene said , not trusting her quarters .
nynaeve nodded , and egwene vanished , appearing in the lower tower garden .
though in a way i still feel that i should have thrown that boy in the palace dungeons the moment we found him skulking in the gardens .
she turned and walked to a small stand of trees , a place that was to become a garden .
he 'd stowed his bundle in the gardens below .
she is in the palace gardens '' .
tylin 's secret passage led to the gardens , opening up in a very narrow hole not far from where mat had begun his climb .
mat had not ever heard of moss being used in a garden , but he could have sworn that here it had been made to grow on rocks in patterns .
he handed mat the ashandarei , then went off to help search the garden .
` ` highest one , there is no sign of the thing in the gardens , but one of my men has found blood on the wall .
in the bloody garden , he thought .
they had fallen asleep in the gardens .
he could barely hear the city waking up outside the garden , and the air smelled faintly of the fir needles .
the greenness filled the entire garden clearing .
` ` you should find her in the gardens , young man '' , the guide said .
yet when he approached her sitting in the palace gardens beneath the boughs of the palace 's chora tree , she was alone .
these gardens were far different , but that wall remained .
how i like to sit in my gardens and enjoy the sunlight '' .
we will eat the figs of our own tree , and the grapes of our own garden .
people threw up canopies and laid their goods out on blankets , and women sold the vegetables from their gardens that they did n't need .
everyone was talking at once about what had to be done to the house and to the courtyard , and how eager they were to get out to the garden beyond the town , and see how it was there , and to see others , whom they had not yet seen .
i could see men and women working in the vegetable gardens , and beyond that the farmers in the fields .
we came to a little garden marked off with small stones , and near to a few trees .
he walked up and down looking at the garden plot .
in greek he asked , ` ` who is it that resides in the garden of eden , writing down all that takes place in this world ? ''
the rocks went up on either side , and the coastline curved , and there were torches down below in the garden .
and the women had been going out to the vegetable garden when they had to do it .
women were tending the vegetable gardens .
i thought of the great open temple to augustus caesar by the port with all its gardens and its libraries .
there was a woman singing in her garden , and little ones playing .
food they had bought aplenty in alexandria , but here they grew the vegetables , and had to pick them from the garden ; and whereas one could always buy hot bread in alexandria in the bakers ' street , they baked all their bread here , after grinding the wheat themselves very early every morning .
the grapes in our gardens were ready for picking , and the figs , we had had all the figs we could want to be dried , to be made into cakes , to be eaten as they were .
the later figs were so many from our courtyard and the garden that some were taken to the village market at the bottom of the hill .
she would n't go - not this , the avigail of dreams with hair tumbled down loose over my hands , as if the lord had made her for me in the garden of eden .
the gardens are withered .
james , because he could not keep still , swept the stables and the courtyard twice , and i , because i could not keep still if james did not keep still , watered and fed the donkeys , went out to see how bad things were with the vegetable garden , came back thinking it best to say nothing about the tender crops dying there , looked at the cold sky , and decided to go to cana .
the women went to work with renewed passion in the kitchen gardens .
` ` and when you see the beautiful gardens of jericho , stand there and look at the gardens around you . ''
` ` and when you see the beautiful gardens of jericho , stand there and look at the gardens around you . ''
i turned and i went out of the courtyard , through the foyer , and into the open garden away from the revelers .
beyond them and far to the left , on the farthest margin of the garden away from us , amid a small grove of shining trees , there stood a tiny robed figure with her back to us , rocking from side to side , her veiled head bowed .
those flowers on the table came from my garden , '' he said .
and a bright impressionistic landscape of a walled rose garden hung on the wall .
there were large bright garden paintings by collette d. throughout the house , rather tame and predictable , perhaps , but brilliantly colorful and comforting and sweet .
life is a garden of pain .
he caught the scent of terror , the scent of pleading , and desperation , a voice rising over the inevitable tide of petty prayers and garden - variety complaint .
so the sun shines in the garden of pain .
in the garden of discovery .
two blocks away in a charming craftsman cottage nestled in a garden , they made love in an old brass bed below a close sloping ceiling .
he was listening for the voices , voices from the garden of pain , listening , listening for the inevitable sound of someone crying out frantically , someone who could speak , someone who was yet alive , someone who was crying for him though he or she could n't know it , someone he could reach .
i went and followed a trail of blood right down the steps , and through the garden and to the street .
far below to their left , tucked into the mountainside , they saw the clear outline of an electrically lighted house and near it sprawling and manicured gardens , lighted swimming pools , and paved lots .
others ran through the gardens .
you were the sunshine of my life in the garden you planted here for your descendants .
off to the right was a tropical garden - lush date trees , fountains , and ponds - and off to the left was a tennis court .
they hurriedly hauled me by the arms through a garden filled with flowers and lush potted pomegranate trees , only to dump me in a small room .
~~~ after i took the world 's fastest sponge bath and mela did my hair , we were out the door and speed - walking our way through a labyrinth of temples and lush gardens toward the opposite side of the compound .
and strode into a dark corner and came back with , of all things , a common garden rake .
at any rate , he leaned the garden tool against a stone wall and did something that should have surprised me , but did n't .
what had once been a common garden rake was now two not - so - common torches .
she came from a long line of kitchen witches who brewed home remedies from things in their gardens and passed their folksy wisdom down through the generations .
` ` the hierophant is expecting you in the garden , '' he said .
` ` true , '' i said , ` ` but i was talking about her garden . ''
` ` i definitely never touch whores ' gardens , prospero . ''
underneath it was aphrodite 's infamous garden .
as we passed , i gave the garden a wide berth , not wanting to accidentally prick myself on the deadly thorns or get any poisonous sap on my skin .
` ` if it 's that deadly , why do you have it in your garden ? ''
` ` so your partner did n't already tell you about my revenge garden ? ''
` ` revenge garden ? ''
i nurture that garden like a child to warn my enemies of what will happen if they cross me . ''
i stood to end the meeting and made quick work of excusing us from the hermaphrodite 's revenge garden .
i did n't recognize the species , but i was willing to bet six months ' pay i knew which garden it had come from .
he was the snake in the garden and i suddenly felt as naked as eve .
the garden was like a fairyland , filled with plants in myriad shades of green and flowers in all the colors of the rainbow - bright reds and blues , violet and lavender , yellow and orange and pink .
we drove around the garden district for a few minutes .
` ` it is called the garden isle . ''
for a brief moment , i am alive again , and kneeling in the garden : new spring sunshine ; cool wind ; a glistening earthworm , turned out of the earth , surprised .
then she continues , in a soft voice : ` ` and remember penelope has to go away to the garden of forever ? ''
` ` grandpa 's in the garden of forever . ''
` ` he 's going to stay in the garden . ''
she wished she could talk to grandpa in the garden of forever and ask whether all the people from the book were there .
she loved the smell of the gardens after a rainstorm , and the smell of the woods in the autumn , rich and full and deeper , somehow , than anything she 'd ever known in california .
minna 's voice , muffled through the thick glass walls , came to him ; then she was shoving into the greenhouse from the garden , using her shoulder .
` ` you expect us to trip over a dead body in our garden ? ''
and i knew if i could just find the right door , it would open for me , and i 'd pass through into my house , into my room , with the big bay windows where a decade later a spider would sit spinning for cissy , and the view of the front yard and the big sky and the birds pecking worms out of my mom 's garden .
the garden on sunset a novel by martin turnbull book one in the garden of allah novels smashwords edition copyright 2011 martin turnbull all rights reserved .
the garden on sunset a novel by martin turnbull book one in the garden of allah novels smashwords edition copyright 2011 martin turnbull all rights reserved .
ladies and gentlemen , i would like to present the garden of allah hotels very first guest , mister marcus adler , esquire !
chapter 2 the garden of allah hotels opening night party was only just starting to wind down when marcus peered out of his tiny room late the next morning .
the garden was thick with broad - leaved ferns , pink rhododendrons , yellow lantana and profusions of purple bougainvillea ; villas spread to the east and west sides of the property .
the girls eyes darted around the garden while three men lingered around her like buzzards , each twice her age , three times her waist size , and sporting four - day growths .
she pulled the girl through the front door of the garden of allah and did nt stop moving until they reached the rose bushes .
remember when we met at the garden of allah ?
every dime counted until he could get a job , but a couple of the writers at the garden of allah told him that no studio would hire him until he could type .
a doozie of an argument eruptedfrancines fury was cutting and cruel and took even kathryn by surpriseso she packed two suitcases and headed west , past where the pavement ended , and checked into the first hotel she came to : the garden of allah .
but it was one thing to sip a brandy stinger at some party at the garden of allah , but buying illegal booze in a pick - up joint like this did nt seem right .
at some point in the last year , he d given up hope that he d bump into her at a party in the garden of allah , or in the hotels restaurant .
a while back , the garden of allah acquired a new tenant : robert benchley , a genial new yorker with an obscenely lucrative contract at paramount .
instead , he found jake , the garden of allahs middle - aged bellboy crouching outside his door with a cardboard box in his hands .
but now its like gods reached across the garden and turned off the radio .
stock market crashes further daily losses exceed 10 % per day bankers seen leaping from manhattan skyscrapers the raucous almost - nightly parties around the garden had evaporated within a week .
kathryn stepped outside and watched her mother trot along the path and disappear into the shadows of the garden of allah hotel .
through a series of lucky coincidences enabled by the reliably soused residents of the garden of allah this on - going recession had nt killed the garden of allah party for long kathryn learned that billy wilkerson took his wife to bullocks new store every thursday for supper in the tea room on the top floor .
through a series of lucky coincidences enabled by the reliably soused residents of the garden of allah this on - going recession had nt killed the garden of allah party for long kathryn learned that billy wilkerson took his wife to bullocks new store every thursday for supper in the tea room on the top floor .
i have seen you at the garden of allah , yes ?
at the garden of allah , i am left alone to watch and witness .
he d moved into the garden of allah just before the release of the cocoanuts , the marx brothers first picture , and had settled quite happily into life in the upstairs apartment of his villa .
as they left the garden of allah , kathryn insisted they make a pact : under no circumstances were they to allow each other to gamble .
a little voice that sounded suspiciously like kathryns nagged at him to pick up one of those hundreds and shove it into the tux he d borrowed from ronald colman , his newest neighbor at the garden of allah .
sure , he d seen plenty of residents at the garden scamper between villas late at night or early in the morning , but none of them had been men like him .
karyl raised her arms , and the pianist pounded out the opening chords of that new ethel waters song marcus had been hearing around the garden lately , stormy weather .
chapter 28 the matchbook was still in marcus pocket two months later when he dressed for the garden of allahs threes party .
the consensus around the garden of allah was to scramble their pennies together and throw a humdinger .
gwendolyn suggested they go as the three blind mice so she made tails out of brown velvet and belts , they found sunglasses at a pawn shop on santa monica boulevard , and they scavenged walking sticks in the garden .
i ve heard about the famous garden of allah parties , and now i see why .
marcus ached to ask , would nt my bed at the garden of allah have been more comfortable ?
five - zero - five temple street was a set of four californian bungalows , two on each side of a central garden alive with petunias and poppies , daisies and lilies .
i kept expecting you to write to me , or call me at the garden , and tell me where you were .
chapter 32 everyone at the garden of allah always made the biggest fuss over dorothy parker kathryn and marcus included but gwendolyn had never understood why .
when the morning papers had announced utahs ratification of the 21st amendment , putting an end to americas dry spell , word spread around the garden that national prohibition repeal day had been unofficially declared and a party to put all garden parties to shame was started .
when the morning papers had announced utahs ratification of the 21st amendment , putting an end to americas dry spell , word spread around the garden that national prohibition repeal day had been unofficially declared and a party to put all garden parties to shame was started .
marcus nodded toward a burly man in black pants and a dark green shirt on the far side of the garden .
i was making a delivery at vendome caf and it occurred to me that i was right near the garden of allah .
she had returned for a refill with a mannish woman who had lived at the garden since her last divorce .
chapter 33 it was nt far from the garden of allah to the sunset strip , but in her new three - inch patent leather pumps , kathryn felt like she was walking to cincinnati .
ginger often hung around the garden of allah , playing tennis with anyone who was game .
next to her name and address at the garden of allah , she added graf zeppelin .
if that happened , he d have to move out of the garden of allah .
the hotel was just a little further up sunset boulevard from the garden of allah so everything worked out wonderfully well .
the garden of allahs manager held the key up to his own .
everyone knows about the garden of allah !
that s what people really think about the garden ?
the garden of allah was nt sleazy or cheap ; just open - hearted and open - minded .
the garden of allah is where girls who want to be starlets go to sleep with guys who want to be directors .
i ca nt tell if you think its a good thing or a bad thing that i live at the garden of allah .
subway people had come out in the saturday evening post , generating another garden party and a great stack of telegrams and letters .
compared to the laissez - faire bunch at the garden of allah , this was a well - dressed coterie , color - coordinated in summer pastels lilac , sky blue , pink , and lots of cream .
alla nazimova up and disappeared from the garden of allah a little while back .
when billy wilkerson told her to show up at the hollywood reporter on monday , she celebrated the fourth of july with everyone else at the garden .
but asking around for the name of an abortion doctor was nt the same as asking where you bought your girdle , even at the garden of allah where kathryn knew she could nt have been the first resident to find herself in this predicament .
i do nt give two figs for the sort of person you are at home , wilkerson said , but once you step outside your door in the garden of allah , your public persona will now reflect on the hollywood reporter .
more extras filled a balcony off to the left , and the stage to marcus right had a formal british garden painted on its background .
would you believe the garden of allah ?
we all miss her at the garden .
she and roy never actually met that night of the end - of - prohibition party at the garden .
it was just one of eleven rooms , but was twice the size of his whole space at the garden of allah .
she was in allas 8080 club when the garden was all hers .
but when the last of my savings had gone , i looked around the garden of allah and found it too painful to remain .
i can not afford pickles for my lunch , let alone a room at my garden of allah .
marlene dietrichs new picture was called the garden of allah and paramounts pr department thought it would be keen to have residents from hollywoods garden of allah attend the premiere at graumans .
marlene dietrichs new picture was called the garden of allah and paramounts pr department thought it would be keen to have residents from hollywoods garden of allah attend the premiere at graumans .
gwendolyn hoped , if only for marcus sake , that madame would accept the offer and move back into the garden , but they had nt heard her answer yet .
martin turnbull also by martin turnbull book two in the garden of allah novels the trouble with scarlett its 1936 gone with the wind is released by first - time author margaret mitchell and becomes an international sensation .
book three in the garden of allah novels : citizen hollywood its 1939 orson welles , the enfant terrible of new york , is coming to hollywood to make his first movie .
book four in the garden of allah novels : searchlights and shadows the dark days of pearl harbor loom over los angeles , and posters warn hollywoodites that loose lips sink ships .
visit martin online at : www.martinturnbull.com facebook.com/gardenofallahnovels the garden of allah blog goodreads chapter 1 april 7 , 1862 the battle of shiloh was over fifteen - year - old zack parsons , a confederate cavalryman , now a prisoner of war , stood in awe as looked out over the sea of bodies lying dead on the battlefield .
chapter 3 blanco county , texas lizzie lingstrum and her black companion , emma , were outside their ranch home working in the garden .
she sighed and shook her head as she slowly started walking toward the garden gate .
lizzie turned around and walked back to the garden .
yellow flower and lena were working in their garden space pulling weeds when he arrived .
she walked out of the garden and headed for the new cabin that mason had built .
the serpentine garden path by edeana malcolm smashwords edition copyright 2012 edeana malcolm smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this free ebook .
her fathers pleasure garden lay before her with its green fields , hedgerows , flower gardens , pathways , shrubberies , and even a wilderness .
her fathers pleasure garden lay before her with its green fields , hedgerows , flower gardens , pathways , shrubberies , and even a wilderness .
may i have a corner of the garden to plant my favourite flowers ?
she held her breath as he whispered in her ear : do nt get too attached to the garden , my dear .
all i asked for was a corner of the garden , papa .
the only compensation for being sixteen was that she no longer had a governess to confine her to the study and prevent her from escaping into the garden .
she wanted to be in the garden before her mother arose , for then her time would no longer be her own .
i shall take a turn in the garden , mary .
she knew it was the time of day when the lawn was scythed , and she enjoyed watching the young garden worker do the mowing .
susan felt sorry for the people of london who had to pay a shilling for the privilege of touring a garden the like of which she could enjoy every day .
in comparison , her greatest accomplishment was to take a walk in the garden every morning .
i would like to have a corner of the garden to plant some of my own favourite flowers .
let me consider the best place for your garden .
as they strolled , susan searched the beds for the colours she loved the most in the garden and found one of them in a group of flowers along the path rising towards the house .
sutton tells me you have been out walking in the garden again this morning , susan .
your father met with them when he was in london last week and invited the family to visit our garden .
before the end of the london season , your father hopes that our garden will be the talk of the town , and we may have many more such visitors .
her mother preened herself as if the garden was her personal accomplishment , and in a small way it was .
she had pushed her father to hire the great capability brown to design the garden so that it would be an attraction on the london circuit .
then what does it signify what they think of me , if they are only coming to visit the garden ?
consider what they might find in the garden , susan .
with that , she went to change her clothes as slowly as she possibly could , while she contemplated the bliss of living forever on her fathers estate and taking long walks in the garden with her husband fitzwilliam , whose face in her daydream looked suspiciously like the gardeners .
i will not be removed from the garden , mary .
miss kirke struck him as shallow and spoiled , reading novels , ruining her silk shoes in the wet grass , and passing time with simple garden workers like andrew .
consulting her list , he chose the hardiest seedlings that were ready to be transplanted in the garden now that spring was well - established .
there she was a little way up the path , approaching a deer at the edge of the wilderness garden .
what i would not give to be transplanted with the garden to india or some such place .
he carried the tray of seedlings and led her along the garden path back in the direction of the great house .
they came to a wall at the north end of the house where there was a border garden .
for the rest of the morning as he dug her border , he could not stop thinking of her slender figure walking away from him along the garden path .
chapter 4 susan was more impatient than usual to get out in the garden the next day , yet she took great care to choose her most modest gown and her firmest walking shoes .
yes , of course , but what i mean is i would like you to continue showing me the garden and teaching me the names of flowers .
she looked forward to seeing that familiar part of the garden through his discerning eyes .
from here we can observe almost all of the garden , he said .
she retraced their steps to the exotic garden , but he was not there .
then she decided to seek a secluded bower where she often used to sit alone daydreaming even before dean came to the garden .
the garden , which only moments before had seemed so fair , now seemed ugly to her .
in spite of her vow not to dwell on her embarrassment , susan thought of nothing else as she traversed the distance from the garden to her mothers sitting room .
what kind of future was there for her in a life with a gardener to whom the garden did not even belong ?
there was another man coming soon , one who might even become the heir to the garden .
susan would not have to leave her home and the garden .
the memory of the garden brought a painful stab .
were you out walking in the garden , as is your wo nt ?
susan did not wish to discuss the garden .
but you are tending the flower garden that you planted , are you not ?
as soon as news of this gardens attractions spreads , it will become a regular feature on the circuit of country estates at the end of the london season .
you are not at all responsible for the condition of the garden on the estate .
although i am not responsible for my fathers garden , i am very much interested in it .
yes , and i thank you , sir , for assisting me with my garden plot .
in any case , she no longer relished her walks in the garden .
it had been two weeks since she and dean had said goodbye and she could not bear to pass him in the garden one more time .
perhaps a miracle would occur and mr . fitzwilliam would be so enamoured of her that he would wait , and then one day , they would own the garden together , and she could still go for walks where she would see the handsome black curls , the captivating blue eyes , and the radiant smile of her gardener among the flowers .
look , father , it is a garden !
on this plateau was arranged a miniature garden complete with foliage , tiny hedges , walks , mirror ponds , and streams ; along the path , several porcelain figurines were strolling .
it is a replica of our garden , kirke explained proudly .
how long have you had your garden ?
finally , it was completed to our satisfaction , although a garden is ever a work in progress , you must understand .
it is our hope that the garden might be an inducement to visitors .
walking in the garden is our daughters favourite activity .
why , susan knows as much about the garden as the gardener does , do you not ?
well , i look forward to learning all about the garden from you this evening , miss kirke , fitzwilliam junior said .
in susans view , early evening was the second best time of day , after the morning , to visit the garden , and she was glad to be out in it again .
have you nothing to tell me about the particular features of the garden ?
your mother has assured us that the garden is your passion and that you know it as well as the gardener himself .
my mother exaggerates because she never sets foot in the garden and knows less than nothing at all .
then , if the garden is not your passion , miss kirke , what is ?
unfortunately , she was unable to enlighten me on many aspects of the garden that pique my interest .
the two men , who should have been attentive to her , seemed to have forgotten her in their shared interest of the garden .
yesterday , in my pleasant but brief conversation with mr . dean , he insinuated that you know more about the garden than you have let on .
let us simply enjoy the beauty of the garden instead , shall we ?
again he arrived at the parlour before she did , and although she attempted to elude him by slipping out to the garden without eating , fitzwilliam had been watching for her possible escape and exited immediately behind her .
he watched you leave the garden until he could not see you , and then his eyes kept wandering back to the place where they had last seen you .
he scarce could keep his mind on the questions related to the garden that i addressed to him .
would you tell him how much i miss our conversations in the garden ?
chapter 8 to the delight of both their families , that evening found the two lovers again walking out alone into the garden .
he turned around to go back to his garden , but his work had never before felt so empty and uninspiring .
i should , above all things , desire to quit this accursed garden and never return to it .
summer had at last found refuge in the garden .
in spite of the heat , susan did not go out into the garden .
there truly was no future to be found in her fantasies , unlesseven now her will looked for ways around the impassehe could be persuaded to give up the garden and elope with her .
but the garden was his livelihood , his life even , so how could he leave that ?
of course there would be other visitors to the garden who might be captivated by her , but she could scarcely endure the thought of escorting more suitors through the garden .
one moment she was sure it was the right thing to do because it would take her away from this garden that had become a personal torment to her .
mistress mary , quite contrary , how does your garden grow ?
tis not my garden .
why would you want to quit the garden that you love so soon ?
he had not seen susan in the garden for several weeks and so he foresaw no opportunity of meeting her by chance .
the very next day , kirke sought the gardener out to discuss some expenses for the maintenance of the garden , and dean found the courage to ask about the wedding .
i only ask because i am sure you would want to show off your garden to best effect during the celebration .
why , just the other day i was speaking to dean and he mentioned the fact that the garden needed to be prepared for the wedding , and flowers would be required .
so , run along now into the garden .
he would not hesitate to abandon the garden if she would consent to be his wife .
then she dried her face and called mary to help her dress to go out into the garden .
she still boiled inside at what she perceived to be her fathers injustice , so it would do her good to walk in the fresh air of the garden to cool her overexcited nerves .
she looked more closely and saw the shape of an old woman crouched in the middle of the flower garden under a tulip tree .
it occurred to her again that her own sorrow was just a tiny speck compared with the ripples of grief that would now spread out from deans dismissal from this garden .
poor old mrs . hardwick , whose husband had left her no income and who refused to take money from the parish , preferring to crouch in the kirke hall gardens making twenty shillings a year pulling up weeds .
however , it was the garden itself that reproached her most stingingly .
i walked in the garden this morning , but i am afraid that the sound of the birds and the sight and smell of the flowers did not reach my soul .
i swear that even the garden misses you .
mary was happy of an errand that sent her out into the garden .
occasionally , she encountered a garden servant and stopped to pass the time of day , but whenever she broached the topic of the gardener , they would shy away from the conversation .
* * * susan waited impatiently for her maid , installing herself in a window seat where she would be able to see mary returning from the garden .
i was obliged to kiss one of the garden hands .
as usual , she channeled her restlessness into her morning walk in the garden , ignoring the scowls of the workers and concentrating for the first time in a long time on the beauty of the flora that surrounded her .
you may report to your mistress that i have found work at the vauxhall gardens , a pleasure ground for londoners .
susan did not leave the house that evening to walk in the garden .
oh , the garden !
that garden has a great deal to answer for , i must say .
madam , do you not think we would be wise to tear that garden down ?
but sir , are you too fatigued to take a turn with me in the garden as we used to do before we dine ?
do not tell me yet what the changes to the garden are .
as they walked along the gravel path , they passed several garden workers , who did not return fitzwilliams greeting .
in what section of the garden do these changes reside ?
when the garden workers refused to greet you .
can you not see how miserable the garden is , sir ?
not only dean , but i , too , have lost the pleasure of this garden .
my maid managed to obtain it from one of the servants in the garden , and she has spoken to him .
might there not be another neutral place you could meet , such as a church or garden , sir ?
i have found employment at vauxhall gardens .
although the garden is not as fine as the one at kirke hall , it is not as common either as the vauxhall gardens .
although the garden is not as fine as the one at kirke hall , it is not as common either as the vauxhall gardens .
vauxhall gardens .
you mean the public garden , sir ?
chapter 15 the next morning at breakfast fitzwilliam enquired of miss kirke the colour of the gown she would wear to visit the vauxhall garden later in the day .
she could not help but compare this garden with her fathers .
though both gardens employed artifice , her fathers was more artfully arranged to mimic nature .
upon entering the garden , susan was bedazzled by the splendour of the decorations .
she had never before seen a garden illuminated at night as her father could not afford the expense of so many candles .
the gauzy silk apron was adorned with chenille flowers that reminded her of the kent garden that she had left so far behind .
as simple as it was , it still reminded her of her home in kent and the garden from which she had been expelled and which she might never see again .
she pictured dean as she had first seen him , labouring in her fathers garden , and a tear came to her eye .
there were so many people that the party spilled over into the garden .
the final book in the series a garden in the wilderness is available through borealis press at http : //www.borealispress.com edeana has previously published six short stories and is an active member of victoria writers society .
visit her website at http : //www.edeana.com other books by the author the gardeners wife available at smashwords https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / edeana letters from a belfast gardener soon to be e - published a garden int the wilderness published by borealis press at http : //www.borealispress.com sample chapter of the gardeners wife chapter 1 london , spring , 1780 susan gasped with the sudden sharp pain .
the midwife finished cleaning up the afterbirth and collected it in a chamber pot to be buried in the garden later .
on friday , a week after the rally , john walked back to work at vauxhall gardens .
london , summer , 1782 john walked through the ladies flower garden and scrutinized the flowers , searching for those which pleased the palate of scent as well as the palette of colour .
westminster had always been beyond johns means , but it had had three assets to recommend it : first , it had been within easy walking distance of his workplace in vauxhall just across the westminster bridge ; second , it had not been far from the presbyterian church in covent garden ; and third , but most importantly , it had been a more elegant address for susan , who had been raised to expect a higher position in life .
john had to walk an hour or longer to his work at the vauxhall gardens , and a somewhat shorter distance to his church on sunday , but he did not complain .
until this year it has been uninhabited but now us has finished restoring the castle and now the garden must be attended to .
a pleasure garden will make a splendid decorative addition to a castle , do you not agree ?
but you can not continue to work at vauxhall gardens , where you do not make enough money to support us !
katherine , how would you like to see the rest of the gardens and libraries we have here , while your parents and i speak privately ?
as she walked , she passed a gate that led to a beautiful garden .
annabelle was on her way back to her suite from the library when she felt compelled to go to the garden .
as she entered the garden she realized what a sunny clear day it was , so she went to the bench that was under the dogwood tree .
katherine rushed to the garden , unable to understand the vision , and hoping to find out if she was really seeing through someone elses eyes * * * as the girls approached the tree from separate sidewalks , they stared at each other curiously .
but it was to much for them , and they passed out , slumping to the ground in the garden .
chapter eighteen an hour later one of the hospital attendants came out to the garden to eat his lunch in the warm connecticut sunshine .
immediately he dropped his lunch and ran back to the main building to get help in less then five minutes doctors , nurses , and attendants were in the garden with stretchers .
the sound of horses approaching brought them out of their reverie as much as they wanted to run to the door to meet philipe ` , carlton , and antonio , they remained in the garden waiting for the henry to let them in and escort them to the garden .
do you want supper in the dining hall or would you prefer it to be brought here to the garden ms . rebecca ?
as everyone finished with glasses of wine in their hands each couple separated to different areas of the garden .
on the east side of the garden near the exit to the vineyards a similar conversation was taking place rebecca , may i ask a question of you ?
marie ` , rebecca and amanda s were in the garden having lunch and discussing a possible business trip to venice to meet with distributors that philipe ` had already spoken with war !
screams were heard from the garden .
she stepped clumsily over the threshold leading from the classroom to the campus garden , causing her brothers letter to glide inconspicuously from her pocket .
she was alone in the campus garden , surrounded by weeds and wilting flowers .
she once again questioned to no one in the vacant campus garden .
she glanced at the empty garden .
but i must waste no more time , uncertain , as i am , how many minutesbreathless with alarmor even secondsfilled with the rapid beating of my hearti may have before those ominous steps halt outside the door , the knob turns within the grasp of my abductors hand , and the heavy panel swings open to reveal the stern lines of that most terrifying visage but no , it was only nell , come to advise me that a mrs . thingumbob has called unexpectedly , and since my mother would not , therefore , be able to go out as soon as she had intended , i might return to the garden if i so wished .
this was an image of my heroines future not to be borne , and thus i trimmed my pattern for miss barrs suitor to include only a moderate income , and a small , comfortable house , with no more than a handful of servants , and perhaps a boy for the garden .
she eventually found herself an arbour near the rose garden , and as she fumbled excitedly with the envelope , she breathed in the heavily scented air .
in most respects , it seemed charlotte was a weed in the wentworth familys rose garden .
english lavender , she noticed , was a prominent feature in the garden , and not only did it border the gravel drive , but it adorned the area near the path and front door .
its one of most beautiful gardens i ve ever seen .
destroying my garden .
it was a sultry friday afternoon , four days before christmas , and frances was sitting beside her aunt on the ferry , silver crown , en route to a garden party in new town .
there are not too many people in hobart who prefer christmas shopping to one of my garden parties .
when no - one is looking , i will fling it onto that garden bed over there .
no , my dear , she said irritably , stepping closer to frances , i have just been down the side garden , taking some cuttings .
it is inconceivable that she should have something in her garden that i do not have .
and what do you think of the garden , louisa ?
and what about the new garden bed along the west wing of the house , louisa ?
he s burying his cat out in the lavender garden .
one balmy afternoon towards the end of january , frances stood by the deep - seated mullioned window in riverviews makeshift classroom , staring down into the extensive garden below .
she then linked arms with louisa and the two women receded down the garden path .
i ca nt , she heard herself whisper , and before michael could grab hold of her , she fled from the garden into the safety of the house , passing the astounded edwina and louisa on the way .
he had obeyed his older brother and worked in the fields and the kitchen gardens right along with the other tenant farmers and servants .
a man came to the gardens six months ago and gave us all one of these handbills .
so far , it was a typical farm with a modest one and a half story brick house , several rustic outbuildings , a large kitchen and herb garden , a newly planted orchard of apple , cherry and peach trees and two dozen mulberry trees for the beginning of a silk producing operation , six acres of tobacco fields , one acre of corn and wheat , goats and chickens in the yard , pigs in the woods and a newly constructed stable with two magnificent horses .
he brought each of them a large carrot from the kitchen garden and chuckled affectionately as they devoured the crunchy vegetable .
but now he actually ate them because he liked them , the sweet , crunchy ones fresh from roberts kitchen garden , not because he had nothing else to eat .
one of them was a young woman around twenty - four years old who worked in the house , cooking , cleaning , doing the laundry and tending to the kitchen garden .
and then there was the excited finger pointing and constant questions about birds and flying bugs and trees and plants and small animals as if he had never seen any of them before in his own back garden .
his plantation was one of the largest in the colony with significant tobacco , corn , wheat and barley fields , a small orchard , a middling kitchen garden and surprisingly , a small silk - producing operation .
we had a back garden to play in with lots of flowers and big trees she sighed wistfully .
she had only allowed certain special friends to see the embroidery , people who would appreciate and not condemn the nature of the garden design .
i thought you might admire the garden of delight since you re such an earthy man .
i predict i am going to enjoy that garden of delight after all , night after night and night .
elizabeth had the garden of eden on hers , only she calls it the garden of delights .
elizabeth had the garden of eden on hers , only she calls it the garden of delights .
a snake in the garden of delights ?
the monks took time to show edward the healing herbs in their kitchen garden and the apothecarys shop and how to milk goats and their pride and joy , the illuminated texts in their great bible .
it puzzled young edward for some minutes but eadie was calling from the garden and he soon forgot .
there s shakespeares story of the great lords meeting in a garden , split over their loyalties , some picking the red rose of lancaster , others the white rose of york .
it looks out on the formal garden and beyond that to the river .
i can still picture him , leaving off pottering in his sussex garden , still in his white cotton jacket and panama hat , to deal with the most arcane problems of existence .
she sat down on a garden seat .
they have their own garden , full of the scent of hollyhock , lupin and foxglove .
with all the enthusiasm left to me , i took my darling daughter to a garden centre .
i would sit in the garden , soaking up the warmth of the sun and the scent of the flowers .
( past ) the scene was a garden and its focus was an oak tree .
we think the garden and the building were at stafford castle .
the book , the rose , all the perishable things were intact and unaged , as we saw them in lady isobels garden .
erich walked into an open beer garden and sat down at one of the many empty tables .
later still , he sat alone in the same beer garden where he had talked earlier with mr . knauer .
a garden slug would find more delight in life then these creatures .
no one had seen the movie , though rumors about the contents could be heard throughout the hospital and in the cafs and beer gardens of the city .
going to the rose garden , she found erich sitting there reading a tattered copy of nietzsches the gay science .
few men , she knew , would be found sitting in a rose garden reading poems .
she was beautiful , that is all , and i loved her , erich said , rising from the garden bench and starting back to the hospital , leaving maria alone .
badgered into visiting the construction site by maria , erich went with her to the old prison after they ate lunch together again in the rose garden .
he would leave then to go and sit , and sometimes read , next to mother mary , one of the statues that greeted the crazies from her place in the garden .
they then went to the rose garden by the hospital and sat together where he held her hand , listening to rambling shattered stories of who martin was and all that he meant to her .
when he returned to the garden hours later , the sun was resting low in the sky , lining puffs of clouds with soft , red streaks that gradually became lost in gray as evening moved closer .
when the transfer orders came , erich was reading aloud nietzsches long aftersong , from high mountains , to maria in the rose garden .
all her family might have died there , too , along with the thousands that did , making it easy to believe that god was no longer interested in the mess that first began in edens garden .
pierre and jean stay close to home with their mother , feeding the chickens , and drying the food that they have been able to harvest from their garden .
jehanne , since we all live here at beaurevoir , we were thinking that we would like to invite you to walk in the garden with us each day .
i would love to walk in the garden .
i would like to see your garden though .
there are two ladies here that want to take me for a walk in the garden .
as the sun begins to rise in the sky , julia looks forward to being able to walk in the garden and to feel its warm rays on her face .
walking through the gardens with her new found friends , she rarely speaks .
i ve heard that she goes for walks everyday in the garden , with luxembourgs wife , daughter and aunt , another says .
she does go for a walk everyday in the garden just as , julia said .
every day they have gardeners that go to weed the garden .
all you need to know is that we will be in the garden .
the saddest thing is that the beautiful garden will probably be ruined .
later the next day , pierre and jon are amazed when they find themselves on the castle grounds weeding the garden with jehanne .
to the guards , jehanne is still walking in the garden with her woman friends .
seated on a chaise lounge in the garden of her italian villa , she gazed serenely out over the valley before her at the rosy late afternoon tuscan setting that can neither be explained nor described , but must be experienced to be fully understood .
fall 1641 vincenzo viviani gingerly conveyed the tray down the steps to the garden .
i can feel the sun shining on my face , it will be sultry this evening , but it is very pleasant in the garden at this moment .
i sit in my garden day after day , sightless , and yet i see far more than you do !
you will have many more years to enjoy here in your garden , i am certain of it .
yes , that may be , my son , but i have already had eight long years to enjoy my garden , and i assure you that i have explored it to the utmost dimensions that are humanly possible .
shortly thereafter , he located the contessa sipping a cup of tea on the terrace in the garden .
after all , he contemplated to himself , how often does one get the chance to sit with a contessa in the garden of a villa overlooking firenze ?
i would really like to see in his garden , paul said with a hint of excitement .
so what does all of this have to do with getting into galileos garden , professore ?
well , i had the picture in my wallet not because i revered it as if it were a child of mine , but for the simple reason that i had hoped to get a look in that garden on this trip , and i wanted to see if the picture might have been an antiquated sketch drawn from an authentic experiment performed in galileos garden .
well , i had the picture in my wallet not because i revered it as if it were a child of mine , but for the simple reason that i had hoped to get a look in that garden on this trip , and i wanted to see if the picture might have been an antiquated sketch drawn from an authentic experiment performed in galileos garden .
no , no , i do nt mean that the beam in the picture is in the garden behind the wall there .
if there ever was a beam in that garden , i doubt that it is still there , but there might be some indication , such as a gap in the bricks , that it was once there .
well , we ca nt get into that garden , so i suppose we will never know the answer to your question , professore .
look outside in the garden .
exhausted from two days of hard labor , they sat in the afternoon shade of the garden , gazing idly towards the firenze skyline off in the distance .
1638 galileo was propped up in bed , playing his lute in harmony with a bird 's melodious song emanating from the garden .
however , there is no evidence that he actually built the beam in his garden at arcetri .
his now immortal sketch of a cantilever beam contained within the text and extending from a vine covered wall has never been proven to have been actually built within his garden at arcetri .
debbie , romance reader at heart knave of hearts , one sea scoundrel by annette blair smashwords edition http : //www.annetteblair.com http : //twitter.com / annetteblair to find out when a new book is available , sign up for annettes mailing list at : https : //www.facebook.com / annetteblairfans copyright : first published in paperback by kensington publishing copyright 1999 , 2012 by annette blair published by annette blair , may 11 , 2012 e - book cover copyright 2012 calista taylor , www.calistataylor.com photoshop brushes : dark garden photography all rights reserved .
i want a small cottage with a rose garden , in arundel or amberley .
.the rose garden at craithorne , where she grew up , and the swing shed loved so much .
a house here in sussex , a rose garden , a white kitten , and my old nurse .
i may not want a rose garden and a kitten , but marriage is not in my future any more than yours .
grant shoved his hand through his hair and went to gaze at the winter - sparse garden outside .
i wantand i ca nt believe you ca nt remember such a little thing , because sometimes you seem to be so very intelligenta house , a white kitten and a rose garden .
i could nt get you a rose garden for your birthday , grant said , husky - voiced .
now , all you need is a house and a rose garden , grant said , and patiences joy in the evening dimmed .
live there with your kitten and rose garden .
now , i seem to remember you wanted a house in sussex by the sea , with a kitten and a rose garden .
* * * two weeks into their honey - month , patience and grant walked the snow - dusted rose garden of andover castle .
awards and accolades : sea scoundrel 1997 rwa golden heart finalist 1991 a heart of the rockies award 1991 a dallas area romance authors award annette blair booklist tulle death do us part , february 2013 moving pictures , sisters of sprit anthology , dec 2012 / jan 2013 cloaked in malice , july 2012 , ny times bestseller jonquils in the snow , mammoth book of ghost romance , june 2012 holy scoundrel , august 2012 ebook proper scoundrel , may 2012 ebook captive scoundrel , may 2012 ebook sea scoundrel , may 2012 ebook butterfly garden audio book , august 2012 jacobs return audio book , march 2012 untamable rogue , january 2012 ( formerly a christmas baby ) ebook unmistakable rogue , january 2012 ebook unforgettable rogue , january 2012 ebook undeniable rogue , january 2012 ebook butterfly garden , oct 2011 paperback & ebook skirting the grave , july 2011 kissingate magic , mammoth book scottish romance , january 2011 jacob 's return , may 2011 ( formerly thee i love ) paperback & ebook vampire dragon , april 2011 fall in love like a romance writer , february 2011 naked dragon , january 2010 death by diamonds , july 2010 bedeviled angel , august 2010 you ca n't steal first , hot ticket anthology , sept 2009 larceny and lace , aug 2009 a veiled deception , january 2009 never been witched , feb 2009 gone with the witch , may 2008 sex and the psychic witch , august 2007 the scot , the witch & the wardrobe , dec 2006 you ca n't steal first , hot ticket anthology , may 2006 scoundrel in disguise , may 2006 my favorite witch , january 2006 the butterfly garden , april 2005 the kitchen witch , oct 2004 a christmas baby , oct 2004 an unmistakable rogue , oct 2003 an unforgettable rogue , oct 2002 an undeniable rogue , mar 2002 thee i love , oct 1999 lady patience , sept 1999 lady faith , march 1999 http : //www.annetteblair.com the jewels of historical romance http : //twitter.com / annetteblair to find out when a new book is available , sign up for annettes mailing list at : https : //www.facebook.com / annetteblairfans the end the wild one by danelle harmon smashwords edition * * * * * published by : danelle harmon smashwords edition the wild one copyright 2012 by danelle harmon smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
awards and accolades : sea scoundrel 1997 rwa golden heart finalist 1991 a heart of the rockies award 1991 a dallas area romance authors award annette blair booklist tulle death do us part , february 2013 moving pictures , sisters of sprit anthology , dec 2012 / jan 2013 cloaked in malice , july 2012 , ny times bestseller jonquils in the snow , mammoth book of ghost romance , june 2012 holy scoundrel , august 2012 ebook proper scoundrel , may 2012 ebook captive scoundrel , may 2012 ebook sea scoundrel , may 2012 ebook butterfly garden audio book , august 2012 jacobs return audio book , march 2012 untamable rogue , january 2012 ( formerly a christmas baby ) ebook unmistakable rogue , january 2012 ebook unforgettable rogue , january 2012 ebook undeniable rogue , january 2012 ebook butterfly garden , oct 2011 paperback & ebook skirting the grave , july 2011 kissingate magic , mammoth book scottish romance , january 2011 jacob 's return , may 2011 ( formerly thee i love ) paperback & ebook vampire dragon , april 2011 fall in love like a romance writer , february 2011 naked dragon , january 2010 death by diamonds , july 2010 bedeviled angel , august 2010 you ca n't steal first , hot ticket anthology , sept 2009 larceny and lace , aug 2009 a veiled deception , january 2009 never been witched , feb 2009 gone with the witch , may 2008 sex and the psychic witch , august 2007 the scot , the witch & the wardrobe , dec 2006 you ca n't steal first , hot ticket anthology , may 2006 scoundrel in disguise , may 2006 my favorite witch , january 2006 the butterfly garden , april 2005 the kitchen witch , oct 2004 a christmas baby , oct 2004 an unmistakable rogue , oct 2003 an unforgettable rogue , oct 2002 an undeniable rogue , mar 2002 thee i love , oct 1999 lady patience , sept 1999 lady faith , march 1999 http : //www.annetteblair.com the jewels of historical romance http : //twitter.com / annetteblair to find out when a new book is available , sign up for annettes mailing list at : https : //www.facebook.com / annetteblairfans the end the wild one by danelle harmon smashwords edition * * * * * published by : danelle harmon smashwords edition the wild one copyright 2012 by danelle harmon smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
awards and accolades : sea scoundrel 1997 rwa golden heart finalist 1991 a heart of the rockies award 1991 a dallas area romance authors award annette blair booklist tulle death do us part , february 2013 moving pictures , sisters of sprit anthology , dec 2012 / jan 2013 cloaked in malice , july 2012 , ny times bestseller jonquils in the snow , mammoth book of ghost romance , june 2012 holy scoundrel , august 2012 ebook proper scoundrel , may 2012 ebook captive scoundrel , may 2012 ebook sea scoundrel , may 2012 ebook butterfly garden audio book , august 2012 jacobs return audio book , march 2012 untamable rogue , january 2012 ( formerly a christmas baby ) ebook unmistakable rogue , january 2012 ebook unforgettable rogue , january 2012 ebook undeniable rogue , january 2012 ebook butterfly garden , oct 2011 paperback & ebook skirting the grave , july 2011 kissingate magic , mammoth book scottish romance , january 2011 jacob 's return , may 2011 ( formerly thee i love ) paperback & ebook vampire dragon , april 2011 fall in love like a romance writer , february 2011 naked dragon , january 2010 death by diamonds , july 2010 bedeviled angel , august 2010 you ca n't steal first , hot ticket anthology , sept 2009 larceny and lace , aug 2009 a veiled deception , january 2009 never been witched , feb 2009 gone with the witch , may 2008 sex and the psychic witch , august 2007 the scot , the witch & the wardrobe , dec 2006 you ca n't steal first , hot ticket anthology , may 2006 scoundrel in disguise , may 2006 my favorite witch , january 2006 the butterfly garden , april 2005 the kitchen witch , oct 2004 a christmas baby , oct 2004 an unmistakable rogue , oct 2003 an unforgettable rogue , oct 2002 an undeniable rogue , mar 2002 thee i love , oct 1999 lady patience , sept 1999 lady faith , march 1999 http : //www.annetteblair.com the jewels of historical romance http : //twitter.com / annetteblair to find out when a new book is available , sign up for annettes mailing list at : https : //www.facebook.com / annetteblairfans the end the wild one by danelle harmon smashwords edition * * * * * published by : danelle harmon smashwords edition the wild one copyright 2012 by danelle harmon smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
the weather reflected her spirits , though her future did not seem as bright as the green fields outside the window , the purple aubrietia that spilled over garden walls , the gay red and yellow tulips , the thousands of tiny daisies and dandelions that carpeted the grassy pastures .
the wind drove through the vale in which ravenscombe nestled , tearing off a roof tile here , snapping branches from a copper beech there , whistling up and over the high downs and through the gatehouse of blackheath , where it made the roses in the garden thrash and bob , moaned around the mighty castle , rattled the windows in their casements , pummeled the ancient stone with rain .
she was not naive ; it was evident that these two troublemakers wanted nothing more than to sow dissent in the newly - tilled garden of her marriage .
juliet was there in the vegetable garden , squatting down and planting seeds in the narrow furrow she had dug .
treated fea on arrival at st brigids vosegus - picti guide from danans tribe wilfred of rippon < # > -monk from lindisfarne , spokesman for church of rome [ 633 - 709 ] < # > actual historical figure * * * * back to top place names dl riata - south west scotland conquered by scotti from ireland ire - ireland lios mr - lios mr , means ` ` great garden '' , now called lismore veridis insula - green island , as named by the picts prayers vigils during the early hours , around 4 a.m. while it is still dark ; lauds morning prayer , at daybreak ; terce mid - morning prayer , around 9 am ; sext -midday prayer , around noon ; none mid - afternoon prayer , around 3 pm ; vespers evening prayer , ideally at sunset ; compline - night prayer , which completes the day .
abbess harbondia suggested fea be taken outside the abby buildings in gods garden to recover .
that will keep her outside in god 's garden for a while . ''
instead of coming to the chapel three or four times a day , you could study the scriptures all day out in god 's garden . ''
` ` lios mr - that means ' great garden ' in gaelic . ''
back to top 7.2 lios mr sister fea discovers dandelion on lios mr . ( in gaelic means great garden ) a fertile low - lying island in the inner hebrides .
allan , james thin , edinburgh , 1892 hero tales of ireland , jeremiah curtain , dover edition 1999 , unabridged version of original publication by macmillan & co , london , 1894 great norse , celtic & teutonic legends , wilhelm wagner , dover publications , new york , unabridged version of original publication norroena society , london , 1907 a calendar of scottish saints , dom michael barrett , the abby press , fort - augustus , 1919 an old story of a highland parish , george p. shaw , covent garden uk , 1926 the rise of the celts , henri hubert , dover edition 2002 , translated from the french by m.r .
what i need , he thought , is a good brisk walk in the garden .
nick found sarah kneeling on the brick walk that edged the herb garden .
he tried to imagine her tending a garden , but the image refused to come .
a sharp breeze whisked through the garden , and nick looked up at the sky in surprise .
forgive me , he said quietly , not adding that he was nt in the habit of announcing himself in his own garden .
she felt her cheeks grow warm as the memory of their time in the garden rushed forth .
alone in the garden , sarah perched on a stone bench and tried to force the thoughts of home from her mind , but the images of samuel and elizabeth refused to be banished .
nick stepped into the garden and spied her still form .
wadsworth and i were in the garden today and .
i sneaked down to the garden and ate every berry on the vine .
but tenderness gave way to passion as sarah relived their kiss in the garden .
a thriving garden filled the side yard .
is that your garden ?
that s quite a garden you have outside , she said , smiling at gracie .
was she supposed to offer something from the garden ?
why not take her for a nice stroll in the garden and explain the situation to her ?
agathas servants were already about their tasks , and as sarah strolled thought the herb garden , she could listen to the low , sweet song of mrs . hempsted as she prepared the morning meal or the rhythmic thump of the axe as oscar split logs for firewood .
her vegetable and herb garden might be small by virginia standards , but it depended upon her alone to tend it .
formal gardens filled with blue and pink larkspur wound around the side of the house , while beyond , green fields of tobacco stretched as far as the eye could see .
the sun had yet to make its presence known when sarah left the snoring women in her room and tiptoed down the rear stairs to seek solitude in the back gardens .
at home i have a garden , she rushed on .
` ` i would think that a peppermint stick every two weeks as payment for keeping the garden clear of weeds should be a fee that your mother and sister could agree to . ''
why do n't you wait for me in the garden ? ''
get thee to the garden before i toss up your skirts and take you here and now . ''
would she weed her garden first or walk over to samuel 's to retrieve her cow and goat .
you have been deep in my heart from the first moment i watched you pull the weeds from my garden .
she knew what was growing out of heras mouth hebe had touched the same thing before , in the garden in the palaces courtyard .
i plucked them from a tree in my garden earlier .
i m off to plant a garden , athena said through gritted teeth , now more owl than person .
she would make her garden there .
as an aid to digestion , she gave melaina a decoction of purslane , picking the tiny yellow - flowered plant from the garden according to kleito 's instructions , and tried to follow it with sweet cretan wine , but melaina protested .
the stone walls had been toppled from their foundations , gardens scorched , slaves gone .
* melaina went into seclusion beneath a shaggy oak in the meadow of kallias ' garden .
into the garden the generals came , the temple overflowing with warriors and seamen to witness the sacrifice .
it was a large two - storey house of no discernible period , set back from the road in a neglected garden .
smithers sniffed beside her and looked dejectedly at the overgrown garden .
the next few days were spent indoors due to wet and windy weather so when tuesday dawned gloriously sunny , julia eagerly took her sketchbook and walked to the far end of the garden .
any thoughts of further sketching were completely driven from julias mind when she returned to walk in the untidy garden , trying to sort out the impressions her visitor had left with her .
taking her sketchbook with her she walked into the garden and looked around .
apart from wyatt , the odd job man , who was digging in the garden , it was deserted .
he lives in the village and comes in daily to do the garden and other odd jobs for a moment she faltered .
in fact the only consolation she had that day occurred when sketching in the garden later that afternoon , where she caught sight of wyatt attempting to tidy up the flower garden in a desultory fashion and he sported a magnificent black eye .
in fact the only consolation she had that day occurred when sketching in the garden later that afternoon , where she caught sight of wyatt attempting to tidy up the flower garden in a desultory fashion and he sported a magnificent black eye .
outside in the garden , mrs blake showed superior knowledge .
his face was intense as he gripped her elbow to escort her around an upturned garden urn .
a mild breath of summer breeze blew in , ruffling her hair and carrying with it the scent of flowers from the garden below .
they had branched off the main road and were making their way along a little lane that led around back to the rutherford gates , when they chanced to see caroline ward , standing at the door of a tiny , run - down looking thatched cottage that stood set back a little distance from the road in a square of bedraggled garden .
and i think , he added , with a bland smile in susannas direction , that i may take a turn in your garden before going on my way home .
i should nt like to think what the reaction would be if you were foundin your nightgownwith a strange man in the garden at midnight .
again and again she went over in her mind that scene with james in the garden the night before .
she flashed past the gatekeeper and his wife , taking advantage of these last hours of daylight to set out some bulbs in their garden .
if you ll just step into the garden pressed up against the desk , susanna felt despair flood through her in a wave .
veronique interrupted his thoughts as she plucked a rose from the trellis on the balcony and said , and spring arose on the garden fair , like the spirit of love felt everywhere ; and each flower and herb on earth 's dark breast , rose from the dreams of its wintry rest .
the late - november air was crisp and cool , and the icy breeze , full of swirling leaves from the gardens of the champs lyses , where raoul lived , easily pierced the shawls thin wool .
i snuffed out the candle , burning during my meditation , and went down stairs , out into the garden , to smoke cigarettes .
there was a garden and everywhere fallen brown leaves .
i smoked a number of cigarettes in the garden , on a fine and lovely may day , listening to mozart piano concertos , wafting through the open patio doors , wisteria blossom forming little drifts in the irregularities of the ancient paving stones over which i paced .
from 1316 were added a palace , orchards , vineyards , gardens and plough - lands until the whole estate spread over an area of 58 acres .
there would be a signal from hastings to morton , might i have some of the strawberries from your garden .
i could no longer keep my mind even to reading my beloved books and there were days i spent sat in the garden .
he heard the talk and once , by the light of day , saw two boys playing happily in a garden .
they had spent time in the garden tower , they liked its pretty green and yellow floor ; they stayed for a while in the lanthorn tower , close to where henry tudor would later make his home .
he was sat by a large window which looked down on a garden within the castle walls .
in the first place ; in 1483 the bloody tower was known as the garden tower , the later name not being acquired until the 1500s and nothing to do with the princes ; second , the apartment in which they were said to be killed did not exist in 1483 , it was constructed to house sir walter raleigh in the reign of elizabeth i ; third , to extricate the bodies and bury them in the fashion prescribed by later legend could not have been done without discovery .
pondering all this i wandered round the garden , smoking far too many cigarettes ; i raided the fridge , played windows games and argued with myself .
that evening , again in the garden , a conversation came to me : come my english friend , you will eat with me .
in the end i opted for the bishops garden at ely palace in holborn , it had the advantage of allowing thomas to go wherever he wanted , he could even take ship for europe , from the thames , but it had the disadvantage that it had to be constructed only to work one way .
my hope was the younger thomas would emerge into the garden at holborn , not having taken the princes , wondering what had happened to all the lost time .
there was one advantage , for me , over the french kings contemporaries , i could go out , and listen to the music of duke ellington , while i smoked in the garden .
the garden in summer was full of scents and the buzz of insects .
fixing the details in my mind i went back to the garden .
on my next visit to the garden of ely palace i came with greater preparation for my return to my ordinary world , including two thoroughly incongruous bars of chocolate .
one afternoon i found them arguing about the workings of the portcullis in the garden tower .
as i sat in the garden , fiddling with another cigarette , seemingly random thoughts crossed my mind : thinking of my meditation in the temple of maat , i was reminded of the fine spray of water , edward iv had been surrounded by the water of the thames when the conjuration against him first took hold , and water is the medium of life , after more than five centuries so little of the world before 1483 survives , everything has changed , for good as well as bad ; i would not want to undo all that came out of tudor england , for one thing , the wrench would be too great , finally , what was wrong with what morton did , worse than the lies ; it was utterly empty of love and compassion : he d substituted blood - sacrifice , selfishness , fear and hate for order , law , morality and justice ; its these poisons from which our world is still reeling .
it had been raining for days , and my lovely , sensitive , spirit medium wife lay , unaccustomedly , ill in bed as i walked up and down in the garden .
the light in the temple became astonishingly bright ; and for all my wish to stay in that light , i found myself back in the garden .
i romped my way through many a garden . )
it was as if they had discovered him , like a child discovers a new and mysterious plant in the garden , one that he has never noticed before .
he lives in a beautiful old - age home of marble and yellow awnings over balconies , built around some very well - kept gardens , a few steps from the mediterranean sea , about as far from dolhinov in feel and geography as one can get .
in contrast , christian homes were entered from the side because they were agriculturally inclined , oriented to reach the gardens , animal pens , and storage sheds behind them .
women tend the gardens , serving fresh produce or preserving them in cellars for winter use .
and so the first thing the prison authorities did when they heard about the german invasion is to order two large trenches dug , one in front of the womens prison , the other in the garden of the mens prison .
he had a big red marble palace called fatehpur sekri , with jewels common as rocks , an gold e'erywhere , an ' gardens filled with fountains , an ' mystical music like i 'd ne'er heard , an ' dancin ' women that look 'd like angels .
chapter six he felt the palanquin drop roughly onto a hard surface , and when the curtains were pulled aside he looked down to see the stone mosaic of a garden courtyard .
they had traveled uphill at least part of the time , with what seemed many unnecessary turns and windings , and now they were hidden from the streets by the high walls of a garden enclosure .
tall slender palms lined the inside of the garden 's white plaster wall , and denser trees shaded a central two - story building , decorated around its entry with raised arabic lettering in ornate plasterwork .
the street was lined by plaster walls and the cool evening air bore the scent of flowers from their concealed gardens .
then as they started downhill , toward the river , they began to pass tile - roofed , plaster - walled homes he guessed were owned by hindu merchants , since they were without gardens or the high walls muslims used to hide their women .
ahead , through an intricate formal garden , stood the residence of the governor of surat .
it tastes like the air in a garden . ''
english countrywomen sometimes distill toilet water from the flowers in their gardens , but never in such quantities'that it can be used merely to wash hands .
` ` now if you will please follow us to the garden .
the woman also moved instinctively to do the same , but then she seemed to consciously stop herself and with an obvious attempt at restraint she walked on , barefaced , past the courtyard and into the garden beyond .
hawksworth watched her form disappear among the clipped hedges and elaborate marble pavilions of the garden .
the one nearest nodded in the direction of the garden and smiled knowingly .
` ` he has ordered the women whipped for disobeying his order to accompany shirin at all times , even when she walks in the garden . ''
perhaps enjoy the grounds and the garden .
` ` there 's the garden .
the garden spread out before him .
he noticed there were no flowers , the main focus in an english garden , only gravel walks and the marble - tiled watercourse .
i ' ve found the garden of eden .
he studied her face in the half light , realizing with a shock that she was even more striking now than in the sunshine of the garden .
at the observatory that morning the sky had been a perfect ice blue , the garden and orchard still , the air dry and exhilarating .
then he looked out to see a dark - skinned indian man in a loincloth rolling himself across the top of the garden wall .
chapter twelve the moon was high , bathing the sleeping veranda in a wash of glistening silver , and the air was deliciously moist , heavy with perfume from the garden below .
mukarrab khan watched as a eunuch shoved wide the door leading onto the torchlit garden .
in the garden . ''
when the courtyard at last grew still , he had slipped back into the garden , wanting its openness , the feel of its order .
the villagers also knew from long experience that a wise man would strip his fields and gardens and orchards now and sell , before an army on the march simply took what it wanted .
there glistened the mansions of moghul grandees like nadir sharif , magical and remote , behind whose walls lay spacious gardens cooled by marble fountains and gilded rooms filled with carpets from persia , porcelains from china , imported crystal from venice .
around them the marble porticoes had been carved in relief , a profusion of flowers and vines , creating a monochromatic garden in stone .
` ` in the garden , sharif sahib .
all we know is he goes into the garden every day around nooni think the hindu woman may be teaching him to play the sitar therebefore going to durbar in the red fort .
and in my garden .
` ` it reminds me of some of the tudor gardens connected with english castles , but still it 's different .
` ` so you find the persian garden soothing ?
the whole idea of a symmetrical garden comes from persia .
but of course , that 's one of the purposes of a garden . ''
` ` it pleases me that you enjoy my garden .
so we sometimes believe we are creating a bit of allah 's paradise when we create a garden .
you know , the holy quran itself tells us that paradise will be something like a garden . ''
` ` but whose idea was it to build persian gardens here ? ''
so he immediately built a persian garden .
but we must all do our share , so today there are many gardens , all over india .
the garden , you see , is our tribute to nature . ''
your garden uses water , stones , and plants to create designs that seem almost like the marble floors of your palace . ''
i deliberately designed this garden with calculated geometric divisions .
` ` but why are the stone pathways all elevated above the level of the garden ?
in english gardens they 're at ground level and lined with shrubs . ''
our gardens are really concealed waterways , with water constantly flowing from one end to the other .
the garden is where we find peace .
and that 's another reason we build gardens . ''
` ` there 's a famous poem in persian , by the poet farrukhi , about gardens and spring .
but then a rich manactually the patron of farrukhi , whom he was writing to flatterbuilt a garden for her and the next year spring came forth from the south and found a home there . ''
but after spring discovered the garden , she brought from the south turquoise for the willows , rubies for the rose . ''
did the ' bankrupt feringhi merely come to see if the garden was ready ?
but you just wanted to talk about persian gardens and persian poets . ''
the surrounding galleries had been softened with rich carpets , their walls cloaked in new tapestries ; and in the central square a flowering garden , freshened by interlocking marble fountains , had appeared out of nothing .
in this new garden time had ceased to flow , night and day knew not their passage one into the other , for the sky itself was now a vast canopy of imperial red velvet , embroidered in gold and held aloft by silver - sheathed poles forty feet high and the size of ship 's masts .
a garden of flowers , a cup of wine , mark the repose of a joyous mind . ''
the eunuchs also brought in sprays of flowers containing disguised fireworks wheels , which were ignited as they entered to create a startling , fiery garden of color .
nadir sharif seemed absorbed in the garden , his hands clasped easily behind him in perfect repose .
do you remember those quatrains in his rubaiyat that say , ` ` here in the garden the sunshine glows , a presence moves in all that grows .
and the globe is not that far from the southwark bear gardens , so a lot of people come after they ' ve been to see bearbaiting .
just outside london the country is as green as nadir sharifs palace garden , with fields and hedgerows that look like a great patchwork coverlet sewed by some sotted alewife . ''
they showed round - eyed young women with firm breasts and slender wrists lounging in beautifully stylized gardens and courtyards , playing gilded instruments or sensuously embracing their lovers , many surrounded by doves , peacocks , tame deer , and tapestry - covered elephants .
` ` he asked me to meet you and show you the garden and the palace . ''
she began chattering to shirin in a mixture of persian and turki as they walked into the garden .
mumtaz directed them on through the garden and into the cool arcade of the palace .
i 'll surround it with a garden larger and more beautiful than anything india has ever seen .
the outside will be covered with verses from the quran carved in marble , and inside the walls will be a garden of jeweled flowers .
he stopped to watch as mumtaz and her women emerged from their quarters and gathered around the fountain in the garden below .
then his eyes moved beyond them , to the garden of inlaid stones in the marble walls .
he brushed them aside as he moved quickly through the garden and into the lower arcade of the palace .
even his boots , now weathered and cracked from salt , might years before have belonged to a young cavalier in covent garden .
these small freeholders on the assembly do n't understand this island was n't settled just so we 'd have a batch of five - acre gardens .
` ` for me , womankind is like a garden , whose flowers each have their own beauty .
he had found them in his bed , in his carriage , half - dressed in the garden , and fully - nude in the library .
perhaps some of the fruits of anderlin 's gardens would be welcome to mother , daughter , and grandfather .
` ` if you give him just a little more time , miranda ` ` ` ` we ' ve barely any flour left , and the vegetable garden will not produce enough for eight people this month , '' miranda interrupted , trying not to breathe too deeply , as she donned the wrinkled gray gown over her own plain blue , giving her figure a bulkier look .
your garden looks lovely . ''
she smiled , thinking that there might have been young men in the group disappointed that neither girl had agreed to a walk in the garden , or a turn about the balconies for fresh air .
` ` i heard you in the garden .
miranda did not even excuse herself before fleeing the garden for the stables .
she wondered if she should tell him what she had overheard in the garden ?
she wanted to believe it , so she pushed aside the images of the miserable pair of star - crossed lovers she had witnessed in the garden .
` ` why do you think i sought the peace of the garden ? ''
she answered in anger , as if he had spoken aloud his wish that she come down from her balcony and couple with him in the soft , sweet grass of the darkened garden .
myrtle had promised him roast beef , potatoes and vegetables straight from the garden she kept behind the house .
the room was n't exactly cluttered , but it was n't ready for better homes & gardens either .
girls learned how to cook and bake and do laundry , and also to tend to the gardens and help harvest olives and grapes .
she said playfully to marcellus , bounding down the stairs and through the back of the house to the garden patio .
vast vineyards blanketed the hillside , and the mediterranean sunshine radiated warmth off the stone pathway that meandered through the gardens .
` ` another turn in the garden , helena ? ''
chapter twenty - two helena helena poured libations on the altar of diana 's image in the family garden , the sweet honey and floral scent overwhelming her senses .
she sat in the garden on a warm summer day and felt the sunshine easing the aches of her aging joints .
together they watched the flowers of the garden sway with the wind while bugs hopped amidst the petals .
herewards family lived on a firm plot of land lush with orchards and gardens .
for only when he had started living a humble life here in shrewsbury , tending a garden and trying his hand at various crafts , did he realize that almost everything from his past livelihood was indeed useless here in this one .
if you re having a problem with your garden , i might be able to fix it .
so they walked out to sigurds garden , and godric inspected the problem from every possible angle .
we need to keep the field around your garden a bit cleaner .
well build a fire of all the debris we find near the garden .
i also brought you some celery from my garden .
she saw a swimming pool that was fed water by a small rock garden and waterfall on the side .
tourists following star maps are greeted by an iron gate or a security booth and are lucky to see a distant rooftop or garden shed through the thickets of carefully landscaped foliage .
a spray of steam and water came into the window as a neighbor got the garden hose going and attempted to reduce the heat and flames beneath the open window .
harriet turned back to a kitchen filled with dirty dishes , a garden outside that needed weeding , and the washing to take down .
the garden does nt need to be next to the house , and i want to be close to the river , especially in winter .
margaret bit back the retort that she did nt want to learn how to make a flaky pie crust or bottle jam or tend a garden .
fields for barley , wheat , potatoes , and hay , as well as a kitchen garden for the family 's needs and an orchard for apples and cherries .
there was plenty to do in the garden , as well as picking berries , making jam , and churning butter .
the afternoon before the allegiance sailed , ian walked slowly through the moores ' garden , trying to reach a decision .
until this morning , when i chanced to be walking in the rose garden .
and then i told elizabeth what had happened , everything of what i had overheard frank saying in the garden to sir john .
edward , seeing me in the garden on the day of his arrival and suddenly realising that i am not a child anymore .
so i slipped out the french doors and into the garden and went for a walk .
she used to take me out into the garden with her , too , and we would read from storybooks or play at skittles and spillikins .
they must have been walking together in the garden and happened on us .
or nowait , better yet , come out into the garden !
before she could object , i dragged her out into the garden and sat her on a bench in front of some lilac bushes .
she told mrs.reynolds , our housekeeper , that she was only going out into the garden to cut some flowers for the breakfast table .
though the rheumatism in her hands and legs has made it harder and harder for her to dig in the garden .
and i ve got my garden .
today i woke early and went out alone into the garden before breakfast .
it was a beautiful day , with the warmth almost of summer in the air , and i d taken my sketching book outside to draw in the garden .
i m sure on his way to the garden and wickham .
but then he said , edward found wickham in the garden where you d left him .
i did go out into the garden this morning .
come outside into the garden .
but i did take his arm , and we started to walk along one of the garden paths .
and unless you re engaged to a man , it is not decent for you to be walking alone in a garden with him at night .
on one occasion stephen came in and asked her if she wanted to go for a snowball fight , but evie had been so wrapped up in her own world , she had nt even noticed that it had snowed ; and although she declined stephen 's offer , when she looked out of her bedroom window , she could nt help but feel a sense of childish excitement on seeing priscilla 's huge garden covered in snow - making it look like a christmas card .
the crays had a large damson tree in the garden , and as most things were in short supply , priscilla could at least make some jam .
she wanted some fresh air and took the opportunity to go out into the garden for ten minutes .
even though she was nt really allowed out there , daisy loved the exotic gardens at the back of the house and wished the staff had access all the time .
they had their own allotment garden round the other side of the house , where mrs hurley grew an array of vegetables ; but daisy liked this one , with its tall palm trees and brightly coloured flowers shed never seen before .
there was a decked area with benches on , and taking the opportunity to enjoy the garden before anyone came out to tell her to move , she sat down , looking out at the jungle before her .
you know you re not allowed in those gardens .
daisy had been scared that mrs rogers would nt allow her to join them , after catching her in the tropical gardens ; but she guessed that because she was out there with the permission of the young master , there was nothing the housekeeper could do .
perhaps you could sit out in the garden .
every time daisy looked out of a window and saw the boys together down in the tropical garden , enjoying a surreptitious smoke , or else heading out over the front grounds on a spree , she would seethe with jealousy .
i overheard mother twittering on about it because one of the trees in the exotic garden is diseased and she s scared its going to spread to the others , and glover wo nt be there to see to it .
daisy shook her head and carried on crying - far too embarrassed to go into further details of the snatched moments she and william had grasped , either in his room or in the deeper recesses of the tropical gardens when there had been events happening in the house and everyone was too pre - occupied to notice them gone .
there was a neat little kitchen with a gas range , and a patch of garden in the back .
as the afternoon went on , the men went out into the garden , where charles was showing ronnie the rose bushes he had just planted ; whilst winifred and priscilla sat in the kitchen talking about baby names .
i remember once he turned up for a garden party his mother was holding , dressed as an arabian sheikh !
he d rather it went to ruin than let the general public snoop around our gardens , taking cuttings of mormors plants , and dropping cigarette butts on the grass .
there 's also an orchard behind the tropical gardens .
even though shed heard all about the tropical gardens , nothing prepared her for what greeted her eyes as she and peter stepped through the french doors .
the back wall was entirely made of glass , and through it , the tropical gardens could be seen clearly .
why do n't you open this part of the house up to the public instead of the gardens ?
the gardens are a much easier choice .
that afternoon clare defied tony once more and played tennis with abe in the courts on the other side of the tropical garden .
the gravel drive was rounded off with a wall that had steps leading down to the landscaped gardens at the front ; all mown to perfection , with topiary trees lining the pathway .
okay , well why do n't i grab a bottle of champagne and we can go for a walk in the gardens ?
he took evie 's hand and led her right through the tropical gardens , using his cigarette lighter to illuminate the way .
its so easy to forget there are even more fields beyond the tropical gardens .
she 's probably chatting with abe in the garden .
i was out in the gardens , abe replied , sitting where peter had been .
why do n't you both come into the garden ?
he 's with his grandparents in the garden , evie said .
evie let him light her cigarette and walked to the flight of stone steps that led down to the garden .
she walked through the neglected garden - the long , over - grown grass scratching her legs as she went .
she made her way to the tropical garden , out past the lake and to the gate that stood at the edge of the estate .
he got up excitedly and walked past evie , into the garden .
you have williams eyes , and once , when i was a little girl , i was misbehaving and hiding from nanny and i ran into the garden and i caught william and daisy kissing .
with a sob , she turned and ran through it , back out into the tropical garden , past the lake and on , until she found herself at the lodge ; and she wondered how she was going to pass it without being reminded of the horrors that had gone on the night before .
andrew , sitting on one of the stone benches in the school garden , spotted him and gave a low whistle .
it had a large , well - tended garden and came with four acres of fields to the east , and a short walk to the water to the south .
and colin looked , not at the cottage but at her , illuminated by the galaxy of lamps and torches lit around the little house ; saw her rapture , saw her delight , saw her future in that small house with him , with children , with washing , with day in and day out , with a life under a low thatched roof and a flowery garden , with a settled steady rhythm that had nothing to do with the pace his life had at the moment .
however it was burned down a year or two ago and has not yet re - opened , but the theatre royal in covent garden , not far in the other direction , is excellent and has continually changing programmes .
on one of its sides there was also a luxuriant garden filled with palms , orange and pomegranate trees , and a very large pool surrounded by an elegant colonnade amidst innumerable statuary .
on the opposite side of the inner bay , high above the port , magnificent buildings and pavilions could be seen among the foliage of gardens that extended down to almost sea level .
but also delighted with our walks about town , where i was shown the splendor of the temple of poseidon , the femininity of the temple of isis , and the lushness of the gardens in the palaces of the ptolemy , heirs of the old king - gods of past ages .
we visited halls where scribes , sitting in long tables , meticulously copied texts of different languages , and we finally went out into the gardens to admire exotic species of plants brought from all over the known world .
the persians described the splendor of the palaces of persepolis and ctesiphon , the hanging gardens of babylon and of the ziggurats that rose up to the clouds .
two figures were walking cautiously on a path , not far from the priests house , near a small deserted gardens fence .
chapter 13 athaliah and mathan were strolling around in the garden behind her palace .
mathan boasted loudly , i am striding in his private garden !
in one of those nights , while both were strolling in her garden , he grabbed again his bamboo cane .
however , one midnight athaliah was striding out again with her man mathan in the flowers garden of the palace .
they began to stroll around , looking at small gardens in the neighborhood , planted with trees or deserted .
his eyes rested on a mature magnolia tree in the left corner of a new orleans - style patio garden with wrought iron seating arrangements .
the cold winds in the winter the pleasant summer sun the ripe fruits in the garden he made them every one .
- - - - - - sitting in mrs owens garden in the late afternoon , sipping the home made cordial she had brought out to them , it was easy to imagine what this valley had been like before work on the dam had begun .
she brought them back into the garden where introductions were made all round .
the thought of breathing in all that rubbish made her hold a handkerchief in front of her face for a while , but when she went into the garden and breathed the scent from the roses growing on the wall she soon forgot about the other things flying around in the same air .
there s the house to clean , the animals to see to , the garden to tend .
gwyn came in with potatoes and carrots from nans garden and soon the meal was ready .
she walked toward the city centre and at last found some quiet gardens behind a large stone building .
the hanging gardens of babylon were one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
according to some roman sources , while on his way to the garden of the hesperides on the island of erytheia , hercules had to cross the mountain that was once atlas .
like the one who carried out god 's expulsion of adam and eve from the garden .
he hates the stupid priest who reads his breviary as he strolls the yard as if it was a garden conservatory .
although they ve been living in the bread and roses commune , aaren has kept her distance from the clique of earth mothers who spend their time talking about gardens and herbs , giving one another massages andfools ! exploring erotic rituals for nonviolent sexuality .
for cray , the garden of eden is real .
conveying in that one exhaust of breath the ageless condemnation , the exhalation of yahwehs expulsion of eve from the garden : bitch !
if it is a garden , then so be it !
at first , jared thought he quoted kali because there simply was no goddess in western mythic thoughtin the garden of eden there is no mother goddess present , only a father god who creates all .
its she we ve been worshipping ever since the garden .
at some level within , he knows that the farm is their personal garden of eden , and it is there that they must start over again , begin to look at one another , male and female , and imagine as he imagined within the bright cloud .
amused laughter softly rippled throughout the garden .
i should ve named this place garden of eden when i bought it , pauses , exaggerates a wink , speaks louder , guess , i m still a bit too much a half - breed lutheran for that much blasphemy !
like applegod , back in the garden !
* * * after leaving a village of terraced cottages with tiny gardens profuse with wild flowers , they drove past an old farm slumbering in the sun .
jessie peered at the old ink drawings of monastery and monks at work in the gardens or walking into the church .
they also spent a month cleaning the sick in hospitals , and many months tending the garden and cleaning the pots in the college kitchen .
my destination was the same place i had always gone when i felt good pavilion garden iii .
this is the largest of the university gardens and i loved sitting under the ash trees there .
i recognized bourbon street but she hurried me past to better streets and prettier gardens .
i have you set up in the garden .
first , let me show you my garden .
the greatest gardens in the world of course are at versailles .
what gardens can we build since the liberation of the bastille ?
luxemburg gardens .
so what you see here , and in dozens of other homes , is a partial reproduction of those gardens .
and , now that he had pointed out the design of the gardens , i could see that he was right .
at least as near as i could remember six years after my last visit , his garden did appear very similar to the luxemburg garden .
we would dance for a while , and then we would get overheated so we would take short walks in the garden .
we waltzed and walked in the garden , talked with friends and waltzed , drank lots of champagne from fluted crystal glasses , snacked at one of several buffets , and danced some more .
the sun was out and the day was warm enough that we could sit out in his imitation luxemburg garden .
using furrows created when sod blocks were cut from the native prairie grass , he planted garden seeds to test the ground and climate to determine if the combination was capable of producing vegetables .
the first one hundred units of antelope gardens were completed just in time for fall snowbirds migration .
like many families without money or transportation to follow the westward migration , the blaines were allowed to occupy their house and grow a small garden irrigated by water dipped , from a well in return for rufus being a part - time caretaker of the farm .
` ` we have a condo in antelope gardens . ''
it 's just down the street from cactus gardens .
by the way , she 's a tenant of yours at cactus gardens .
there are beautiful gardens in the quarter , but gradually it came to feel more like a tourist destination and less like home .
elise described our tour of gardens that afternoon , and jolliet described what was blooming in his garden .
elise described our tour of gardens that afternoon , and jolliet described what was blooming in his garden .
flowers still bloomed and people still tended gardens .
forty mules corralled in one location are no flower garden .
decima liked to stay in the garden and meeting her best friend on one of the markets in rome .
she loved to stay hidden in the part of the garden she called her secret empire and spent there any free minute .
she could stay in the garden for hours .
marcus lucius had chosen a piece of land free to build a villa and shape a garden with many green herbs and trees .
she used to hide herself behind trees in the garden , but followed every step of the visitors with curiosity and she laughed a lot , although not loud .
her other neighbors never enjoyed the rewards of sarahs excellent cooking or her prolific garden .
when i came in from the vegetable garden a few days later , he was fixing that spot on the railing .
others promised cuttings from their gardens .
sarah was enjoying putting in her garden , even with towzer ds help .
her garden was always the most bounteous around .
sarah never had to fight plant diseases and garden pests .
her roses were never plagued with aphids ; her garden never had weevils or hornworms or any other infestations .
her garden was a testament to the force of her own life .
towzer d yipped from her post on the other side of the garden gate .
sarah picked fresh baby dill from her kitchen garden .
while the jars of beans cooled on the table , sarah went out and worked in the garden .
towzer d was not permitted in the garden .
they spent several minutes discussing hixsons battle plan against a gopher that had moved into the vegetable garden .
a strong son with a talent for growing thingscrops , gardens and animals .
there were gardens , fields , poultry and children to tend .
there was mending , sewing , and usually plenty of garden truck to deal with .
you re off for the garden ?
relief would come in his garden .
together the two crossed into the garden .
as a boy , i knew peace in the garden , free of my brothers taunts for my one day becoming god - king .
today the garden frees me from my own taunts that i do nt do enough as god - king .
he could nt remember when he d last visited this section of the garden .
chapter 6 veiled as eclipse mid - evening , sixteen days after encountering khufu by chance at the garden door , theormi heard her name called from the outside the harem .
she moved into the courtyard near that fateful door to the garden .
throughout their garden walk , the god - king and she had spoken easily .
since our walk in the garden , i ve understood my need .
nightshade grows commonly , in my own garden in fact .
ill leave you alone ... to your garden .
khufu trudged through his garden to the pomegranate trees .
the wake of theormis dash to the palace gardens at midnight guttered torches in the dark per - o hallway .
but perhaps he d visit the garden .
she kissed his cheek and ran into the garden .
escaping palace staff promenading in the garden , theormi and khufu strolled down to and past the lake , onto the broad annu boulevards and into the village alleys .
enjoy the garden with me .
one evening , after an elegant dinner as well as entertainment of dancers and acrobats at a treasury officials estate , sebek and an - khi strolled onto the garden .
under turquoise skies , he and theormi meandered beneath the garden pergola .
the palace of st . james was divided into two main parts : the outer section , which consists of a courtyard and a garden , and the inner section , which is a large hall that serves as the home to the royal family .
at the gate of the palace goring , laud and cavendish left for their permanent visiting room in st . james , while hudson the dwarf left to sulk in the garden , as he was not allowed in the dining room .
the condition of the palace continued like this , father rolling around in filth like a drunk animal , the children at the royal palace all silent and scared , mother busily managing daily affairs in the palace , and thumbs always sitting by himself in the garden like a drunken recluse .
my siblings and my friends from roche were all in a small secluded groove near a stream inside the vast royal gardens .
chamberlain , though an apt swordsman , does not have his sword , and none of the royal guards could find us in this vast garden .
i found him praying in his small garden chapel .
they reminded me of the scrambling legs of a centipede whose head was cut off by villiers in the gardens of buckingham .
morris turned to him : yerll be workin in tha garden .
an then there s tha vegetable garden ta be planted .
taking up a small hand - fork , he began levering weeds from the garden and tossing them behind him .
the prisoner weeded the flowerbeds to either side of the steps leading up to the porch , then trimmed back the rosebushes , most of which showed signs of aphids and weed - rot , and when he had finished , was escorted down the back of the house to where a hundred - yard square vegetable garden awaited digging .
he took up a garden fork and tried to dig the first row , but after falling several times because he could not balance on the stump whilst pushing down on the fork with his foot , he switched to a hoe , and drove it into each clod , breaking the soil and lumps of mud with difficulty .
chapter seven august 25th ; 1822 : the prisoner was working his way along the second row in the vegetable garden when he heard a shout from down in the lower paddock .
then , cursing and grumbling to himself , he stomped back up the yard and stopped in front of the prisoner working in the garden .
the prisoner laboured over the vegetable garden , wondering how long it would be before morris turned on him for some reason .
the property - owners wife appeared near midday with a pannikin of water for him , and he sat in the shade of a tree and drank half the contents , then lit his pipe , and had just settled back to enjoy his smoke before continuing with the garden , when morris came through the gate .
dismounting from his horse , he took it inside the barn , and the prisoner heard the door of a stable close , then morris came out , looked about , stared at the vegetable garden , and walked over to where the prisoner sat .
he asked angrily , and the prisoner stared at him , then looked at the vegetable garden , but could see nothing wrong .
he stooped , picked up his pipe from where it had landed on the ground , and made his way back to the garden .
he had just finished hoeing the vegetable garden when , from a grass - tussock near his feet , a long black shape appeared and tried to slither away .
he walked back down to the vegetable garden and stared at the body of the snake .
i finished tha vegetable garden , the prisoner said , and the woman stared at him for a moment , before asking : did morris it yer ?
a pine tree from the forest of sapinar stood next to the manger in the church decorated with apples symbolizing the garden of eden .
plays about the expulsion of adam and eve from the garden were held at the monastery of saint peter in the advent time to open peoples hearts for the birth of jesus christ .
the lady of the mountains had created the settings showing how beautiful the garden of eden must have been with the close relationship to god .
the garden of the monastery is filled with books , said brother george picking a rosemary branch from the church bench indulging in the dry sweet scent .
you threw them all in the garden .
you have eaten the vegetables growing in the garden , said brother george .
the advent candles flooded the garden in front of the church with light .
the garden in front of the church changed into a world of dreams inspired by the people in the village .
jack often helped brother leo with his herb garden and made sure that the soil was rich to produce healthy herbs .
along the river shore grew beautiful gardens rejuvenating the mind of the pilgrim .
it reminded him of the monastery of saint peter and brother leos herb garden .
a monk opened a side door leading into the garden where another statue of the queen of heaven stood .
she invited young and old on their spiritual walk through gardens of joy where the sunshine reflected on the mountain lakes early in the morning .
i 'd seen him every time we 'd taken a turn in the garden since .
parks and formal gardens provided a pretty vista from the front and eastern side of frakingham , but those open spaces were n't of much benefit for an escapee .
its the same as pulling vegetables from a garden or cutting and bailing hay to feed a fellas cattle with .
our bards say gaelic is the language of the garden of eden .
the cottars bless them , for they can feed their family on the produce of their garden ground , which they could not when they only grew bere and oats .
they silently waded the burn and lined up behind the high garden wall that stood below the gate .
it is not a strong point , but we can pass it by crossing the garden walls at the west end of the canongait .
more than a thousand highlanders had hidden themselves among the gardens and kail yards of the houses outwith the walls between the cowgate and netherbow port .
11 the bells were ringing for church and tilly looked at sam playing happily in the garden with his football .
he knew that there was another door on the side of the toll house that led out into a small garden tended by the reverend and his wife .
shouting , sorry , reverend , over his shoulder , he raced past the small vegetable garden and around the toll house to the rail where his horse hack was tied .
the lots had been designed with a building located in the middle of each one of them and yards and gardens all around the structure .
it all had the affect of a subtle garden , where the roses still gather , in spite of their many thorns to make an elegant bouquet .
a line breaks off , one swarming around the bottom of the hill to the public gardens and the other branching along to the commons at the foot of the citadel .
sometimes he would follow his mother silently with his own little basket to gather any vegetables he could find in the garden , and when the cotton grew , he plucked cotton until his little fingers began to bleed , never complaining , becoming a little man when other four year old boys played in the house , oblivious to the destruction surrounding them .
the gardens were yielding plenty of fresh vegetables at the hands of wills skillful farming , and the cotton would soon be ready to gather .
the gardens were stocked full of vegetables that were beginning to sprout .
they help us work in the fields , and in return they get a place to live and a few acres to grow their garden .
he saw her working in the garden , and he dismounted his horse to stroll to her side , smiling broadly .
they were met by four monks who had been working a small garden plot .
it was dedicated to apollo lyceus , the god of shepherds , and was graced with shade trees , gardens , and covered walkways .
this plethora of specimens enabled him to construct the first great zoological and botanical gardens the world had ever seen .
phidias made a point to meet her every day , when they would take walks in temple porticos , or the gardens of the academy , or the lyceum .
they consisted of a mess hall , a lecture hall , rooms for study and research , a garden and cloister , and the great library , which was to become the largest library of antiquity .
the ashers had a much smaller garden which was only used to feed the family .
my mother and i have always had a garden to supply our family with vegetables .
i ve not seen her so happy as she s been since the day you lost my canoe , not since before her maman was taken ill . she dances out in the garden when she thinks i can not see her , and she sings as she cooks our dinner .
elijah moved with purpose through the morning routine , opening the split - rail fence to let the cows move from one pasture to a fresh one , throwing a measure of hay down for the animals and picking over the kitchen garden for any remaining harvest .
katsuhiro nodded in agreement and bounced off in search of his elder sibling , only pausing to tell his advancing mother of his success , before running off to the garden make the announcement for a third , but no less satisfying time .
in the garden , katsuhiro had found his sister .
chapter four - a mindful farewell beyond the garden fence , the domineering presence of the war weighed heavily on the everyday life of all japanese .
from her vantage point on the front steps leading from the estancia to the large garden , she could see the two young lovers , eagerly awaiting the food being prepared by sandra on the outdoor stove , close to the drooping fronds of the willow tree .
* * * the evening dusk began to cast its dull cloak over the garden , so with the food consumed and the fire beckoning , the people of estancia fuga made their way indoors .
setsu rose from her chair , turned gracefully and exited the study , returning moments later with a flower from the garden , which she placed with precision beside the fountain pen .
buildings of late victorian and more recent design cluttered the central district , but beyond that lay greenery , peppered with single storey housing which boasted front and back gardens more generous than ben had ever seen in his home town .
his captain had made matters worse by insisting that he maintain a garden .
her nightdress she had embroidered about the bodice with a summery string of flowers as though garlanded from a fine cutting garden .
i traversed the countryside in a northerly direction , stealing food from gardens and orchards .
i got home and all but fell at the base of my favorite tree in the garden .
a home for over three hundred girls of various ages ; it is no wonder that the immense garden within the space of the courtyard between the sections of the building was probably as picturesque as a glimpse into paradise .
these words screamed in her mind , but never found voice into the quiet garden .
the meeting in the garden was the perfect setting to rekindle and explore such a sensitive relationship of a betrayed sister with that of a grown , wiser , and contrite brother .
once at his bedside and again in the palace gardens ; he had disproved her .
this brought them to the edge of a garden , which could be seen for its beauty even in the darkness , lit only by torches .
genevieve took up her place next to isaac and pressed his hand before they rounded the corner from the garden to the open yard leading to the castles gate .
she saw the woman who 'd been rocking in the corner ; she sat on her haunches weeding a flower garden .
not knowing any better , he inadvertently took senji out into the rock garden and placed him on a large vase .
senji sat in the rock garden at the main temple at taisekeji for what seemed to be - an eternity .
the dream of a nice house on small acreage with room for a horse or two and a small garden of flowers and vegetables for her to plant and take care off .
i hope the dukes house has gardens so we can run and play tag .
i m sure there will be plenty of garden for you to roam about and frolic , little one .
they were no longer bee stung from his earlier kisses , but their color , the color of his favorite pink roses in his mothers rose garden , captivated him , stealing all rational thought .
there was nothing for her to do unless she wanted to go to garden gate , and as much as she missed her home , she did nt want to revisit the memories that haunted the halls .
i have not only discovered that your investment in the caribbean has turned an immense profit , but , that you have a cousin , a wealthy viscount who upon learning your familial relationship , wishes to marry into your family so that garden gate will not fall out of the family .
a way to keep garden gate ?
mr . burrows wishes for me to accompany him to my estate , garden gate , to finalize the particulars .
and bethanny and beatrix had excused themselves quite silently and were now returning with some flowers they had pilfered from the gardens .
anybody who got a chance to work in his bungalow or the garden surrounding it was considering himself lucky .
nature favours the nature more than manmade gardens .
i work as a gardener in sher khans enormous garden .
i am a gardener in his palace sir , habib started his story , yesterday there were beautiful roses in the garden .
then we can explore the garden and meet geraldine the cow .
there were fruit trees , a big vegetable garden , a huge chicken run and a cow that had a long strip of land fenced off for her that ran the full length of the section .
i heard we had a fairy in the garden , he said smiling at fanny .
she popped a plum into her mouth and stood at the door that overlooked the back yard where fanny played barefoot in the vegetable garden .
mrs . pearsons garden would be a blaze of spring colour .
a couple of miles further they came to a cabin and a well kept farm with a truck garden and pigs and chickens around the barn .
the fields would be overgrown , the garden nonexistent , most of the cattle and pigs stolen or eaten , the big house in disrepair .
many in the court took the opportunity to enjoy the beauty and the fragrance of the late summer gardens of poitiers .
he turned his back on the castle and stared out in the garden .
he stumbled out into the garden and worked his way along its paths until he came to the bench , that bench where he first spoke to her .
as he led her through the snow covered maze of castle gardens , the frosty december air filled their lungs , and their breath showed .
~*~ later that day richard met with etienne in the chateaus herb garden , and walked together into the orchard where anne waited for them .
come , i want to show you the most enchanting spot i found in the garden .
berengaria led her to a bower in the garden where yellow flowered vines formed a little cave and a bench sat underneath the archway .
~*~ will hid in the garden .
going directly to the garden , he lodged himself behind a row of bushes and plopped down on the ground .
he could hear his mothers laughter coming from the other side of the garden , and he peeked out from behind the bushes only to see her coming down the pathway with abbot mathias at her side .
will turned and fled the garden as fast as he could .
well , first come with me to the garden .
the last thing richard said to will as they sat side - by - side on a bench in the rustic garden , was , i will get her back , will .
behind them marshal entered the garden .
she felt he invaded a private garden or sanctuary of richard and hers .
by reading his words , she thought she could somehow repair the imaginary garden wall that hohenstaufen invaded .
beyond the gate anne could see a beautifully landscaped garden .
it looks like a lovely garden .
this is my favourite part of the garden .
we built the walls with extra stone to protect this little garden .
they sat down at the table for a meal together in a garden underneath seven peach trees .
chapter eighty - seven the iron gate to the garden creaked as richard opened it .
he followed the pebble - paved path towards the centre of the garden where he knew he would find anne .
in the last few weeks , she spent more time here in the garden , enjoying it before the weather turned cold .
i made mercadier stand down wind over in the northeast corner with the little old man who tends the garden .
as we stand here in this very garden , things are in motion .
his laughter rolled throughout the garden .
and she grew the greens in the garden , too , rose added .
dying leaves clung to fruit trees that stood sentinel around the fallow gardens .
if he remembered correctly , the kitchens opened onto the vegetable garden on the side .
her brother will help cook and my footmen in the garden .
oh , did you help madame duguay in the garden ?
i can tell were in the right section because the whole section smells like garden carrots and produce and then i see the bins .
madame duguays in the garden out back .
she begins to run through a garden of palm trees with scattered anthuriums and their colorful flowers and vines covering the pathway to treasure cove .
a small vegetable garden occupied an area off to the right of the house , where it had a nice combination of sun and shade from a large oak tree that stood sentinel along the edge of the patch .
she had no desire to eat and instead went out to their garden to get some fresh air .
the garden has been yielding a lot of produce , too .
the meat comes from our own cattle , the chilis we grow in the garden , and the .. other stuff we get from the surrounding countryside .
children had to be given different lessons according to their age and sometimes , when students could not pay the small fee for a class , they helped out in the school garden , or makytta 's own fields .
` ` brother timothy tells me you have been digging away in your garden like a badger . ''
` ` as you know , '' he went on , ` ` brother gregory 's garden has been the subject of much interest these last few years .
he served the lord and his garden equally , but never made a fuss or even lost his temper when one of the local boys picked his experimental peas for dinner one evening , ruining almost a year 's work .
as early as possible each spring mendel would rush into his experimental garden and plant the seeds he had collected the previous year .
if you want to grow mendel 's peas in your garden , the following guideline should help .
i looked up at the sky and i saw a bird as black as night fly into the moons garden .
occupying the strip was also a popular move amongst land - hungry kerinians who , within the space of a generation , turned the area into a green and prosperous expanse with market gardens and small farms that were fed by a network of canals .
it was time to get the garden plowed and early vegetables such as cabbage , onions and broccoli planted .
the following morning sary and malinda walk across the porch heading for the vegetable garden .
malinda and sary stand in the garden watching the two men on horseback .
chapter thirty - one strategy at the farm william , isaac , and stephen find malinda and sary working in the vegetable garden .
spread out on the blanket are fruits and melons recently picked from their garden and the orchard .
since spring , a large garden of vegetables has been planted , the orchard is pruned and fertilized with manure from the stables ; fruit is hanging from the fruit trees in abundance .
we had heard tales of this far off land , the big bright pacific ocean , the tall mountains and secluded valleys that rivaled the garden of eden itself preached in gods holy bible .
a complete rose garden , and the scents from their roses , she rolled her eyes with a smile as we ascended the grand staircase to the second floor and our room .
bringing water from the creek some 60 yards away , jordan thought to erect a water channel to lead clean water right into camp , much like what he had built back home for his moms vegetable garden .
the place was lush green , with just a few garden plots vying with the jungle .
he spent the rest of the day in the beer garden , sipping on a bottle , listening to some hot tunes playing on a gramophone .
carefully tended gardens graced the forecourt and the houses had elegant simplicity .
i used to love working in the garden and i still do , but it does nt satisfy me anymore .
later , hideki gave a shovel to jordan and showed him where to dig in the garden while he was gone .
it talked about buying power , business opportunities , political activism , the best way to plant a garden , war bonds , decorating ideas .
on a hillside they found some berries , then at an abandoned farm , some fruit trees gone wild and even some roots growing in the deserted garden .
i told you , in japan everyone grows rice and has a garden .
even the walker family farm had new irrigation for the vegetable garden and the adjoining orchard .
i stepped out of the big house on a sunny afternoon , to the back where leonor and josefina sevilla played with their porcelain dolls next to doa clotildes flower garden .
how clumsy to step on something so prettylike a hog in a garden .
i was sure , though , that the one place they did nt come from was doa clotildes garden where only the most particular of flowers were grown .
my mother threw her hands up in despair and stepped outside to tend to her spice garden .
when i looked out the window , i saw that he was helping my mother take care of her beloved herb garden .
stop following me , i heard him burst one day while i was tending the flowers in doa clotildes garden .
he stalked away without ever knowing that i was in the flower garden .
i ve got the garden to take care of and please , valentina .
she had gone outside our home to get some spices from her garden and left me cooking our supper .
if becky was in her seventh heaven , it was nothing to ewans pride of ownership in his very own strip of garden to the side and the back of the four - in - a - block building .
yes , becky thought , one way and another everything in the garden is lovely .
not content to merely brush over the rugs where they lay in the living room , the hint of weak , long - awaited sunshine encouraged becky to take the rugs out to the green in the back garden .
determined to press on with her cleaning operations , becky dabbed at the blood with her apron then headed back out to the garden .
many a soldier in the trenches of the great war got tetanus from such a cut and as i see , you ve been out in the garden beating the dust , and the living daylights , out of your carpets .
utilizing troughs , sod , and garden urns , the task was finally completed to mrs . jenney 's satisfaction .
towering plants and richly scented flowers , lovingly bestowed from neighbors ' treasured gardens , embraced the performance area .
the chance to talk about this years grapes and this years garden was a relief .
when things settled down , you can rebuild the wall with large windows , and we can use the stones in the garden .
they saw the rose trellises , a border of honeysuckle shrubs , delphiniums , and sweet williams , a splattering of pastels like a monet garden painting with pinks , blues , white , and dashes of yellow and lavender .
brown said that keats wrote ode to a nightingale in that very house in the garden under a mulberry tree .
i remember the day i walked the dirt - road lanes of salem town with my father , past the wooden houses with their thatched roofs and vegetable gardens , past the artisans at work in their shops , past the horses and cows grazing languidly on the common , around the meetinghouse where we held church and town meetings .
in addition to these two major undertakings , he had planted and tended a thriving one - acre garden patch so his family would have plenty of food to eat when they arrived and enough to preserve for the winter .
jason finished plowing the garden patch saturday afternoon , and arethia and i need to get some seed in the ground before the next good rain . ''
some were bouquets obviously bought for the occasion ; others were just flowers picked from a home garden .
the wheels are broad , so mother wo nt sink into the grass when she strolls in the garden , and they are slightly skewed to give her greater stability .
she used to practically live in her garden , rain and shine .
but miss bradshaw had talked to him about books , and gardens , and animals .
it came as no surprise that most of what mother wanted was for her garden .
mama and papa planned to retire to a country village where mama could have a garden and , papa said , where daniel would nt feel papa breathing down his neck .
i have promised mama a garden .
the first time was in the garden , and there were other people there , but it was dark and we could nt see them .
when mama mentioned her hope of soon having a garden , this spread into a deep conversation about methods of cultivation , and what did best in their local climate .
every fine day , shell be running poor wilson ragged , all over the garden and in and out of the village .
candle showed min along the lines of seedlingstrees , shrubs , and flowers being propagated to fill the garden in spring .
tonight , she could tell him all the things she had been saving up to say , and she could hear about his week at avery hall , and about lady avery , and the planned gardens , and the performance of the chair , and the progress of the renovations ... min caught herself .
answering rods call for reinforcements , patty abandoned the garden and banged a short hoe on an empty water pail .
even if crops failed , the lees could scratch out a living from the pigs , chickens , and garden .
after dinner , patty returned to the garden with her children .
patty yelled from her garden .
come to think of it , pattys been wanting me to take out all those trees by her garden .
my life has never been simple , he told her one day , as they walked through the manicured gardens of a park on the edge of the city .
however , the other three insisted on fresh air , and , guiding him gently , they took him down the back stairs for a walk in the garden , where once again dame eleanor waved through the window to the man who has done so much for theatre .
the dirt road winds between palm trees , banana groves , and wonderful vegetable gardens .
she constantly busied herself around the house and barn keeping a garden and caring for small animals .
after he was greeted by her parents matilda quickly took his arm and led him outside into a garden of flowers and various shrubs .
the house , or mansion , was surrounded by a well kept flower garden .
he was reminded of mabel chapmans garden but this was much more elaborate .
she loves to work in the garden and make things grow .
as soon as he learned what had happened he started looking around the garden near the porch and soon shouted i ve found the snake , its a copperhead .
janie had a garden made up of all kinds of flowers .
instead , when they went through from the garden where they 'd chatted for a while into the house , he saw the table ready , and two couches only set out .
it was already getting dim ; out in the garden , the air was cooling , and lauchme could hear a thrush 's song , liquid and high .
as it got dark , the blond boy brought in oil lamps , and drew the curtains across the door to the garden .
i have a couple of hives , and an orchard , and a small garden , and there are offerings from veii and the nearby villages .
quintus senior asked me to go and see about some neighbour whose tree was overhanging his garden .
( one was quite made , tanaquil thought , with his idea of turning the slopes of wild soracte into hanging gardens .
we could even have a cistern fitted up , that would help with the dry weather , and if i built a further channel out to the market gardens , we 'd be able to take advantage of that to irrigate ... '' only the prospect of further building work could make the normally blunt and sober gaius so loquacious ; but why on earth did it have to be now , just when everyone wanted to relax ?
not just enough for a house , enough for a garden .
already , it had grown , and as it grew , took on form and poise ; from a rough scattering of settlements to a city dominated by the fine temples of the capitol , whose streets ran straight in accordance with the cardinal points , whose buildings were fine , whose gardens fertile and abundant .
later , when they were alone , drinking a last cup of warm wine in the small garden where tanaquil grew her herbs , and bees drifted lazily through the lavender , he looked up at her , and said ; ` ` he 'll do . ''
she looked at the city , and saw peace , prosperity ; the bonfires burning high , the vividly painted pediments and blazing terracotta roofs of the temples , the hillsides green with gardens .
a reasonable sized place ; enough room for a market garden and a few livestock , though perhaps surprisingly , no horses , and a tiny vineyard , not more than two rows of the vine cuttings they 'd been arguing about , bare sticks poked into the dirt .
there was a garden she used to pass on her way out of the city , an orchard once , and later , a lush shaded garden between two houses ; last time she 'd ridden out on the salt road , the trees had been cut down , and the ground levelled .
there was a garden she used to pass on her way out of the city , an orchard once , and later , a lush shaded garden between two houses ; last time she 'd ridden out on the salt road , the trees had been cut down , and the ground levelled .
there would be walls going up , and in a month 's time , or two , there would be no sign that a garden had ever been there .
` ` mother , '' she said , and looked down shyly , ` ` the goats have got in the garden again . ''
they took her to see the vegetable gardens , as if she 'd never seen one before ; the goat pens , the temple of the consenting gods , the classrooms , the grove .
the only remnant of the productive gardens on which tarquinius had expended such thought was the set of skeps under the trees .
tanaquil had let the vegetable gardens return to grass ; she was n't here often enough to justify the work that was needed .
the whole city seemed built around an absence , now he thought of it ; he knew his way through the city , had walked every street , and yet had a feeling the real city was elsewhere , hidden behind high walls , in secret courtyards , hidden gardens .
the streets always seemed to have too many corners , or too few , to end up quite where they did , so that he 'd think that he had walked three sides of a square only to find he 'd come round a complete circle ; he kept finding alleyways he had n't seen before , that led under roofed - over passageways to tiny patches of garden , or solitary altars under ancient trees .
then there was that conversation , after the formal dinner had broken up , and some of them were playing kottabos battleships , trying to sink floating saucers in a fountain by throwing the dregs of wine from their wine cups at them - success demanded a neat overarm throw , so that the wine flew in a dense , tight stream to its target - and a few people had wandered outside in a warmer than usual night for the tuscan spring , into the gardens where the darkness afforded privacy , and that unmistakable moan of ecstasy came from somewhere out in the darkness , and someone , he could n't remember who , had asked : ` ` are things the same in rome as they are here , between men and women ? ''
and they 'd talked ; or rather tarquin had asked the questions , and teitu had talked , about tarchna , the city tarquin had heard so much about but never seen - about the temple on its hill , about the walls , the harbour town of gravisca , the potteries , the palaces , the laukum and the twelve great families of zilaths , the gardens and the december horse races and duck - hunting in the marshes , and the never ceasing music of the jewellers ' planishing hammers in the dark streets of the inner city .
above all , being alone with her ; walking the precipitous paths on the cliff faces surrounding the city , chatting over a simple meal of bannocks and tart cheese , huddled by the brazier on a cold day , or on the infrequent sunny days warming themselves in a sheltered corner of the gardens .
and fabia 's thoughts turned to a spring garden under a white - blossoming apple tree , where a smiling , slight girl bent to take a child up in her arms .
if it is not itself sinful , to remember a past sin with nostalgia , then let us not -- now in the winter of our lives -- regret anything about that time in york ; not even the mistakes we made in that spring garden .
the vegetable garden was a sea of mud , while out yonder , wreckage marked where the barn had been .
i straightened up the kitchen , then went out to the vegetable garden out back to do a little weeding but came back in around noon because i did nt want to miss the bell if mrs . voss should change her mind and wish for lunch .
yes , sir , unless someone in one of the neighboring houses happened to see me when i was in the garden .
i was at woodwards gardens ; there was a band .
and i am sure we can find someone who can remember you strolling the grounds , a fine figure of a woman such as yourself , unescorted in a public garden .
maybe her mysterious friend could nt meet her at woodwards gardens because he was busy killing nellie .
annies stomach lurched , and she suddenly feared she might become ill . she walked shakily over to a garden bench , sat down , and hunched over , pressing her hands to her cheeks , taking in deep breaths , trying to quiet her nausea .
fearless with rage , annie snatched up a rake that was leaning up against the garden fence and one - handedly began to whale at the back of the man holding wong .
i gather she and a gentleman are regular customers at the restaurant at woodwards gardens on sunday afternoons and that she is not a favorite with the staff .
or the night before on the garden bench !
how this first conversation had led to others , then an invitation to walk in woodwards gardens , and eventually to love .
the result had been that he had been prevented from making his usual rendezvous at the gardens this past sunday and his poor beloved bertha had thought he abandoned her .
i saw you in the garden with him late wednesday night , practically sitting in his lap .
next fine day , ill holler down to the garden for manny and get him to come up here and use those muscles of his to carry me all round the house .
the savior of the world must surely have experienced this same feeling of gloom and astonishment as he entered the garden of gethsemane his voice trailed off .
they went through the garden , round by the pump , and then to the nauvoo house , which was then built to the first joists of the basement , and buried him in the basement story .
nauvoo , saturday , july 20 jennetta richards spent several morning hours weeding and tilling her garden one of the finest in nauvoo , in her estimation .
it slowly dawned on her that she was lying flat on her back in the garden next to her bucket .
he walked through his newly whitewashed picket gate , and found phoebe in the garden on her knees , weeding her tomatoes .
in truth , if the latter - day saints were all sent to hell , why , we would turn the devil out and make it a garden of eden .
they took a ferry from hoboken to castle garden at the southern tip of manhattan island ; then they crossed the battery on the way to their boarding house on pearl street .
and i will have a house built unto me there of stone , and there will i show myself to my people by many mighty works , and the name of the city shall be called voree , which is , being interpreted , garden of peace , for there shall my people have peace and rest and wax fat and pleasant in the presence of their enemies .
she found brigham young out in his garden , weeding his cabbage .
my advice is to ignore them and let them rant all they please altho , if i find any of em wandering around in my garden , i mought just give em a good hiding with my belt .
he turned back to weeding his garden .
nauvoo , wednesday , october 16 in the morning joseph was at work in his garden , digging his potatoes .
she was in the gardens she did so love to work with the soil when some passing soldiers of general bonaparte attacked her .
did you hurt your hands as well , during the fall in your garden ?
it has been recommended to me that we first go for a walk in my gardens , if you ladies are not too hungry .
i was attacked in my garden .
mrs . bernard had been a lonely widow , but had supported herself with a vegetable garden and was considered a kindly neighbor , always visited by the local children .
it was saturday , so the ladies of mrs . robinsons were tending their gardens and walking along the paths nearby .
he should be here in a few minutes he is in the gardens .
i hired him last spring to cut down some trees that were hanging over my garden and preventing the flowers from getting sunlight .
vowing to protect her from all ill , he leapt over the wall into the convent gardens .
i walked round his garden with him seeing what he had and pointing out what i wished to buysuch as beetroot , fennel , garlic , parsley and thyme .
father is in the garden , enjoying the spring weather .
through the back door , they entered a well - tended garden .
if you have the time , walk with me in the garden , she said .
faith escorted jack down the stairs and into the back garden .
right now i m wondering why you are spending your time with me in the garden when ethan davis is available .
she reached out and took jacks hand and led him out of the garden .
we spent some time alone in the garden , talking about everything under the sun .
shed been leaning against the stone wall , eyes closed and face tilted towards the morning sun pouring down on the kitchen garden , and lulled by the warmth and the relative silence of the spot had felt so drowsy she had nt heard alans footsteps .
shortly after noon , alan darques found her in the kitchen garden .
eleanor stared down at the garden .
they made their way to the quiet confines of the kitchen garden and by then eleanor had calmed down enough to speak coherently .
he did nt care about his livestock or the small garden but he d been unnerved to learn how easily haworth and the earls men had been able to accomplish their task .
smoke drifted in a slow spiral upwards from the center of the roof , a small vegetable garden , protected by a brush wall from rooting animals , looked freshly planted and a pair of goats grazed lazily on a small patch of grass near the stable .
when we were standing at the bottom of that hill , watching that house burn and the women scream and the animals being slaughtered and the garden trampled , all i could think was how horrified olwen would be to know i had done something like that to innocent people .
and because the chapels western side opened onto the rear of the castle , open windows in the summer allowed pungent smells from the stables and latrines to waft in , tempered only by a bountiful crop of herbs in the kitchen garden which stood in between .
the wall enclosed a timbered house , several outbuildings , a substantial kitchen garden and a row of small fruit trees on its inner side .
but this was her home chapter 4 one day two years later , her father came to her while she was in the garden , planting new seedlings .
hours passed as she worked her magic in the walled garden behind the house .
or they might hire out the older children for work in the gardens , the kitchen or child care assistance .
the winds have picked up and it is a bit cooler here in the garden .
rose put on a white straw hat , tied the blue ribbon underneath her chin and chose a light colored umbrella , a serviceable one , and headed out the front door and across white point garden toward the river walkway .
the parade was over and white point garden was full of beautifully - dressed ladies and gentlemen away from their businesses for an afternoon of social connection .
i will show you my herb garden and we can put our heads together .
dashing up the stairs , she changed to a lightweight dress she could appear in and still be decent , then walked hurriedly through the garden to the kitchens .
remembering her mothers words , she lifted her chin , straightened her shoulders and headed for the garden where the sun would not be so hot with all the summer green branches hanging heavy above her head .
myriad shades of green adorned her garden .
she was scurrying around the garden , cutting every yellow flower , with a few white ones added here and there while the bouquet was forming in her smooth brown hands .
her job was to weed and cut back the gardens .
down to the garden she went , glad to be digging in the dirt .
glad for a short reprieve , she wandered out to her garden and picked a small handful of flowers , chose a crystal bowl , filled it with water from the garden pump and gently laid the flowers on top of the water .
glad for a short reprieve , she wandered out to her garden and picked a small handful of flowers , chose a crystal bowl , filled it with water from the garden pump and gently laid the flowers on top of the water .
i d just out here in the garden to get some spice for dem eggs .
well wrap it around the stair rail and get some poinsettias from the garden shop for the entryway and the stairs .
matilda jane was gone to drop off the snake to the river , and portia and lily no doubt were in the garden looking for little green babies .
she made her way to the cookstove near the garden and smiled .
ill be out back in my garden .
rose let herself out and stood at the top of the wide stairs , the finest ones in the neighborhood , portia said , and looked out over white point gardens noting lots of walkers today .
would you like to work with us in the garden today , lily ?
by the time dinner is ready we will have topped off all the old buds , raked out the leaves and trash from the plants and have a much nicer garden .
quick , she ran out to the garden , cut some colorful flowers and carried them up in a large vase to matilda janes room .
she sittin on the bench in the garden just this minute , but granmama made her get up and walk .
it sounded like the whole town was gathering in white point gardens .
you wo nt have trouble making a garden and flowers if you are wo nt to do that .
while the men worked elsa showed her how to prepare a small garden spot in the rocky soil .
the bed had been prepared while the house was going up and it was finally time to start the garden .
new buds had opened in her garden , an array of wildflowers across the front of the house enclosed by the low rock wall she and elsa had built .
elsa brought starts from her own garden every time she visited .
for the last two days she had stayed completely out of sight , taking long walks , working in avas garden .
he took her elbow firmly , turned her in the opposite direction and escorted her to white point gardens where he found an empty bench .
she tended her garden behind the small cottage she had come to inhabit three years ago .
seraina started and stood from her garden .
you have an overgrown garden and some birds that you feed .
once there , she would set up in the market , and sell fresh herbs from her garden , or ground up ingredients with her granite mortar and pestle to relieve peoples ailments .
a few days later , i was at a party at the soundmotion garden studios and i cornered felicia , partly because i was genuinely interested in the origin of the catalog and partly because i thought felicia was a total hotty ( californian for very attractive ) .
by the mid-70s , sohrawardi and his various cohorts and connections ( now loosely referred to as the garden of forked paths or gfp ) had become aware of the intelligence circles ( now loosely grouped as probability control force or pcf ) and had in turn planted double - agents , and gone further underground .
and being stuck on e2 is no grave punishment in any case ! , unless you object to the garden of eden and the original leisure society of the paleolithic flintknappers .
most amazingly , the water flows at different levels simultaneously , so that aqueducts cross over canals which in turn flow above sunken streams which drip into wells , underground cisterns and mysterious sewers in a bewildering complex of levels , pipes , conduits and irrigated garden terraces which resemble ( to judge by the authors sketches ) a dreamscape of escher or piranesi .
follow the garden of forking paths .
the makeshift scarecrows along the roadside gardens shook as the gales ripped at the bags and fabrics meant to scare away the crows .
she still cleans her own garden ?
i look after our vegetable garden , but she often comes out with me .
we drove past the roadside vegetable gardens and log piles , where people cut and cured their winter fuel .
i waited with the both of them in the exhibition gardens , right near the pond .
i could see my little narrow garden .
i went down to my garden , if you could call it that , just a long stretch of bricks running alongside the house and the empty servants quarters , shadowed by a very high wall .
we tip - toed through the narrow garden , shoes in hand like naughty girls sneaking out to a party only , for some reason , we were sneaking in .
we only had to cross a block , then go through the exhibtion gardens to the hospital , but it started raining when we were halfway through the park .
indigos dark hair was hanging stringily by her cheeks , and she looked like a half - drowned escapee from a garden party .
arriving in the dark lane and walking through my dark garden did not appeal either .
are those guys you call up when there s a snake in your garden afraid ?
evening beckoned , with sausages and beer and assorted dips in shady gardens with the bass of a live band nearby and an incredibly pink sun sinking into the smoke haze .
out in the narrow garden .
i was looking at the shadows up at the end of the garden .
` ` if your mom really wants a picnic tomorrow , she can have one in our garden .
the padreses and the wrights were in jan 's garden enjoying mrs . padres 's chicken , as well as the egg salad sandwiches luke had to help assemble .
chicken , garden salad , grilled vegetables , corn on the cob , new potatoes , strawberry shortcake with fresh strawberries , and , of course , sub - par egg salad sandwiches .
luke was in the kitchen watching the vegetables in the padres ' vast garden when he realized he missed jan .
` ` i ' m going to show luke the garden . ''
he was about to ask why the padreses still disliked the levirs so passionately , but colette reached the exit to the garden before he could verbalize anything .
she tugged him through the garden , pointing out the different species of flowers .
luke 's eyes finally accepted the light and he discovered the garden for himself .
` ` this is a nice garden . ''
` ` a nice garden ?
colette reached the far end of the garden .
it 's my favorite flower in the whole garden .
he recognized a few pricy mercedes , porsches , and bmws , but most of the cars were as foreign to him as the flowers in colette 's garden .
the afternoon sun revitalized luke as he ambled through backyards , which were actually one continuous garden running behind all of the houses on prudence boulevard .
she reached out and placed her hand over his heart , the same as she had done in her garden .
plus , once you got her in her wild garden , she was honestly sweet .
colette was n't the same person luke had grown attached to in the mayor 's garden .
she sighed the same way she did in her garden so long ago , but this time , the breath was filled with contentment .
the doctor , unable to call for help , lay on the bathroom floor with blood spurting out of his wound like water from a garden hose .
you can enter into buy - right through the lawn and garden section , all you have to do is climb the fence , get to the other side and slide the glass doors open , and you will be in .
he kicked the teeth out of the creature 's jaw bone , and then ran full speed to the fence at the lawn and garden .
he hurried to the front of the store and found a shopping cart , and then headed to the lawn and garden department .
they went to the lawn and garden to have a look .
the shotgun blast had awakened all the other sleeping zombies and they were soon surrounding the lawn and garden section on all sides .
samantha , william , and mark stayed in the store making noises over the radios as danny and tom jumped the fence of lawn and garden and made their way to a large black suv parked in the side lot next to lawn and garden .
samantha , william , and mark stayed in the store making noises over the radios as danny and tom jumped the fence of lawn and garden and made their way to a large black suv parked in the side lot next to lawn and garden .
he equipped them with weapons and sent them out into the lawn and garden section .
then he asked them to make as much noise as possible to lure the zombies to the garden fence and when they came around they could fire the weapons through the fence and hopefully thin out the hoard of zombies .
tom and danny agreed on putting a cot from the camping department outside of the lawn and garden section just outside of the 12 foot high fence .
next they thought maybe the lawn and garden could be opened like the last store .
they decided it would be best if they got back to the lawn and garden section , and this time william , mark and samantha climbed the fence , and they shot out the sliding glass door .
he hopped on the cart and made his way to lawn and garden section where he picked up two water hoses .
danny made his way to the lawn and garden in his little electric shopping cart .
he found a phone next to the lawn and garden register and pressed the intercom button .
he made his way to the lawn and garden area .
the hunters and sharpshooters grabbed their weapons and made their way to the lawn and garden .
danny , samantha , mark and william watched the living dead through the fence in the lawn and garden center .
he took the bombs out to the lawn and garden center along with a couple of rc cars .
they waved at one another as he drove off , headed to bristol memorial gardens to begin his day .
they helped out with the kids , had even taken to working in the garden , and chloe had a knack for setting animal traps .
she followed her out into the garden .
she walked through the garden , past the roses and the peach tree .
she asked mica into the garden .
they opened the wrought iron gate , and passed a pretty flower garden .
the garden : z place - zz the forest - 3.5 part of moorehead .
the garden part of moorehead .
catch hell - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i ' m 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i ' ve 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you ' ve 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might ' ve 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric - a - brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc - devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half - star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well - oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white - gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression - era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip - ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap - less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary - the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan - a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire - house 1 ting 's 1 reaping - time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age - blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c - note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security - he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self - styled 1 likelihood 1 property - tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell - o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day - glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare - breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well - beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self - loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw - the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper - thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell - mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under - standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears - this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism - all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha - ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders - a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old - fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places - some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money - let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn - style 1 motives 1 would ' ve 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but - the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community - no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked - and 1 semi - articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep - drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen - larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos - usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life - aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good - sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to - day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him - his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's - head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come - hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis - ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand - katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off - campus - friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter - mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so - called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold - black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards - the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must ' ve 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close - ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden - paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly - there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot - the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock - roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations - wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter - spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post - college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act - the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner - she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes - is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half - timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo - was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half - assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late - night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double - paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock - ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank - eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi - lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become - a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
six six six - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 six six six 438 the 265 and 205 a 146 of 114 he 106 to 98 she 97 in 95 her 88 his 80 i 75 was 54 on 54 it 52 you 49 that 44 with 37 for 34 as 34 said 30 from 29 at 28 into 26 not 25 were 25 this 25 my 23 what 22 me 22 one 21 him 21 is 21 like 18 i ' m 18 had 18 but 17 or 17 your 17 so 17 light 17 when 16 over 16 through 15 by 15 would 15 pop 15 did n't 15 room 14 an 14 there 14 house 14 it 's 13 no 13 did 13 glass 13 they 13 them 12 do n't 12 if 12 off 12 all 12 black 12 then 12 do 12 out 11 something 11 wine 11 made 11 karl 11 thought 11 across 11 see 11 door 10 he 'd 10 back 10 father 10 eyes 10 she 's 10 carling 10 around 9 get 9 was n't 9 its 9 than 9 why 9 another 9 got 8 that 's 8 under 8 we 8 after 8 more 8 toward 8 up 8 magic 8 family 8 about 8 face 8 here 8 put 8 while 7 even 7 better 7 set 7 hair 7 way 7 living 7 again 7 left 7 against 7 know 7 how 7 their 7 until 7 box 7 old 7 oh 7 are 7 feel 7 hand 7 window 7 ca n't 7 head 7 she 'd 7 thing 6 robe 6 table 6 could 6 want 6 who 6 away 6 just 6 went 6 you 're 6 be 6 much 6 come 6 some 6 bedroom 6 now 6 too 6 mean 6 mention 6 think 6 feet 6 down 6 long 6 floor 6 been 6 us 6 before 5 going 5 really 5 real 5 shut 5 bad 5 right 5 fire 5 never 5 dark 5 say 5 bed 5 neck 5 kind 5 there 's 5 wall 5 where 5 kitchen 5 abba 5 other 5 yeah 5 far 5 sound 5 time 5 place 5 darkness 5 have 5 talk 5 maybe 5 cold 5 trees 5 still 5 will 5 dry 5 stairs 5 day 5 called 5 tell 5 sister 4 can 4 gone 4 met 4 white 4 couch 4 go 4 hot 4 husband 4 god 4 flashlight 4 poured 4 our 4 brightened 4 came 4 someone 4 screamed 4 lying 4 upon 4 plates 4 only 4 pop 's 4 good 4 probably 4 mind 4 kids 4 parents 4 hung 4 elvira 4 well 4 air 4 man 4 hall 4 edge 4 forth 4 has 4 turned 4 grabbed 4 lay 4 hell 4 let 's 4 unless 4 wood 4 hate 4 grass 4 blue 4 record 4 sell 4 full 4 tonight 4 very 4 sat 4 six 4 satan 4 whiskey 4 scary 4 space 4 phantasmagoria 4 hole 4 pale 4 yes 4 locked 4 night 4 walked 4 name 4 anything 4 brought 4 years 4 first 3 tragic 3 resembled 3 wo n't 3 people 3 breath 3 rose 3 occasion 3 foot 3 hope 3 four 3 near 3 he 's 3 little 3 those 3 brother 3 without 3 smiled 3 chair 3 sinatra 3 drawing 3 voice 3 special 3 less 3 decided 3 died 3 company 3 middle 3 cat 3 bergman 3 woods 3 i ' ve 3 seemed 3 except 3 view 3 worse 3 stood 3 is n't 3 beam 3 baby 3 being 3 windows 3 walls 3 best 3 also 3 fear 3 tripod 3 field 3 yard 3 would n't 3 filled 3 lamp 3 clouds 3 lot 3 began 3 returned 3 trying 3 breast 3 guts 3 should 3 hunted 3 kissed 3 does 3 everything 3 mom 3 red 3 car 3 itself 3 nailed 3 drummer 3 bag 3 every 3 terrible 3 case 3 ago 3 dead 3 together 3 handful 3 stared 3 home 3 large 3 belt 3 took 3 might 3 second 3 work 3 two 3 smile 3 let 3 fireplace 3 nice 3 lanterns 3 tight 3 became 3 i 'd 3 handle 3 hook 3 deep 3 branches 3 between 3 fake 3 because 3 idea 3 dust 3 used 3 point 3 does n't 3 drank 3 game 3 low 3 take 3 fell 3 either 3 tried 3 leave 3 along 3 lantern 2 dropped 2 trust 2 favorite 2 matter 2 ran 2 goddamned 2 return 2 drunk 2 stone 2 keep 2 panel 2 fetched 2 arms 2 pile 2 holding 2 yellow 2 country 2 poison 2 realizing 2 cabinet 2 both 2 lest 2 wet 2 doing 2 candles 2 third 2 joel 2 haunted 2 beams 2 revealing 2 dad 2 plain 2 late 2 we 'll 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 lane 2 tools 2 sea 2 tie 2 player 2 popped 2 lips 2 shelter 2 billy 2 series 2 bloody 2 swept 2 beyond 2 von 2 months 2 helicopter 2 later 2 metal 2 iron 2 gave 2 balcony 2 features 2 depressed 2 notice 2 motion 2 end 2 pictures 2 cork 2 continued 2 ankle 2 order 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 fan 2 scream 2 ringo 2 sure 2 new 2 hooks 2 swirled 2 sweet 2 fence 2 look 2 hat 2 shrieking 2 part 2 knows 2 tomb 2 making 2 heard 2 ovals 2 skull 2 last 2 next 2 devil 2 make 2 big 2 shoulders 2 leaving 2 liked 2 pasta 2 mist 2 film 2 liquor 2 else 2 inside 2 steady 2 rapidly 2 escape 2 bat 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 hallway 2 glanced 2 nobody 2 forest 2 loved 2 have n't 2 crazy 2 office 2 none 2 world 2 give 2 funeral 2 beware 2 clicked 2 divan 2 pea 2 crashed 2 damp 2 broom 2 opinions 2 such 2 chuckled 2 played 2 guess 2 exception 2 floated 2 teeth 2 showed 2 globe 2 misc 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 library 2 we 'd 2 masks 2 ice 2 notion 2 reunion 2 above 2 bastard 2 play 2 clockmaker 2 figures 2 knew 2 warped 2 flesh 2 naked 2 snakes 2 market 2 front 2 things 2 police 2 few 2 hip 2 word 2 city 2 monsters 2 nothing 2 quilt 2 slipped 2 business 2 might ' ve 2 mine 2 wrapped 2 fingers 2 below 2 during 2 drink 2 faint 2 steel 2 open 2 childhood 2 dog 2 easily 2 comes 2 whatever 2 rippled 2 arranged 2 township 2 crowbar 2 moment 2 arm 2 mouth 2 we 're 2 lean 2 blow 2 truly 2 had n't 2 thick 2 twisting 2 couple 2 sense 2 built 2 separated 2 rested 2 several 2 rest 2 sing 2 water 2 talked 2 footsteps 2 love 2 terror 2 vistas 2 each 2 hatchet 2 reality 2 pieces 2 half 2 block 2 rooms 2 fluttered 2 jumped 2 witch 2 wind 2 quite 2 curtains 2 stopped 2 lunatic 2 collected 2 vacation 2 thus 2 hour 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 spread 2 yet 2 dinner 2 bolted 2 kill 2 looked 2 stale 2 needle 2 faces 2 faded 2 dunno 2 peeked 2 appeared 2 backward 2 wooden 2 always 2 watched 2 toe 2 led 2 weird 2 level 2 decade 2 spring 2 empty 2 hearth 2 mother 2 guy 2 pentagram 2 nor 2 beneath 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 could n't 2 skipped 2 murderous 2 which 2 small 2 click 2 sort 2 dozen 2 held 2 minute 2 finally 2 try 2 once 2 cursed 2 vermin 2 sandals 2 these 2 ate 2 closer 2 blank 2 helped 2 looking 2 glasses 2 bought 2 floorboards 2 party 2 remained 2 counter 2 times 2 pair 2 saw 1 descended 1 taken 1 nearest 1 colorado 1 strained 1 twenty 1 wait 1 visage 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 cool 1 farther 1 slung 1 everyone 1 lies 1 muck 1 owned 1 guest 1 source 1 local 1 sink 1 squatted 1 education 1 growl 1 truck 1 muybridge 1 show 1 viennese 1 wheel 1 danced 1 flushing 1 figured 1 gather 1 serious 1 grievances 1 micro - scope 1 stirring 1 multi - paned 1 final 1 already 1 occulted 1 ghost 1 inserted 1 danger 1 vigorously 1 tramp 1 heavily 1 wad 1 specters 1 kneeling 1 evening 1 commence 1 owner 1 happy 1 nest 1 sweaty 1 whenever 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 reflection 1 wiring 1 smacked 1 fridge 1 thunderclaps 1 antiquarians 1 wonder 1 missed 1 narrowed 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 dared 1 black - trunked 1 anticipate 1 survey 1 doll 1 dragged 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 blocked 1 eventually 1 rushing 1 1890 1 bordered 1 motes 1 vista 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 sobbing 1 aunts 1 object 1 sticks 1 telescoped 1 morphed 1 folks 1 casting 1 behind 1 planning 1 splintered 1 ashes 1 edges 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 honeymoon 1 frightful 1 eighteenth 1 foreign 1 collectors 1 rather 1 stuff 1 cute 1 whitewashed 1 volume 1 draft 1 distorted 1 bottles 1 save 1 gripping 1 who 'd 1 area 1 groan 1 gets 1 today 1 charming 1 downshifted 1 card 1 sick 1 creepers 1 clan 1 peculiarly 1 psychos 1 meat 1 affected 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 eccentricity 1 artists 1 bejeezus 1 decayed 1 simple 1 purchased 1 furniture 1 foiled 1 beach 1 deadly 1 shimmered 1 worn 1 walkway 1 disjointed 1 draught 1 apocalyptic 1 silent 1 twitched 1 shine 1 many 1 fat 1 bare 1 orange 1 surprised 1 wanting 1 slate 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 act 1 silhouette 1 how 's 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 thrown 1 stooped 1 withered 1 uh - oh 1 hock 1 damn 1 shows 1 ripped 1 artificiality 1 carrion 1 ingmar 1 emanated 1 damned 1 menial 1 wow 1 angular 1 variety 1 wedding 1 switch 1 illegible 1 confessional 1 qualities 1 ironic 1 unsteady 1 cough 1 dirty 1 frail 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 wan 1 shaken 1 squalls 1 kept 1 bold 1 austere 1 trail 1 past 1 split 1 jack 1 canopy 1 passed 1 framed 1 emotionally 1 shit 1 proportions 1 button 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 prophetic 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 yonder 1 scaring 1 moments 1 hacking 1 zone 1 crouched 1 visualized 1 forgotten 1 soon 1 records 1 voila 1 solar 1 panoply 1 great 1 strips 1 surprisingly 1 pecking 1 follow 1 strength 1 sticky 1 cells 1 saturday 1 everybody 's 1 whistled 1 intend 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 wavered 1 remoteness 1 chest 1 interested 1 shadows 1 condo 1 victims 1 putting 1 eternal 1 pissing 1 takes 1 child 1 onto 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 light - play 1 unflappable 1 send 1 cautiously 1 collaborated 1 eyes ' 1 patricians 1 vulgar 1 capered 1 nose 1 fathers 1 tripped 1 wide 1 leisurely 1 seated 1 start 1 bone 1 cutting 1 snaring 1 house 's 1 intertwined 1 timbers 1 shiver 1 actually 1 packing 1 leaning 1 shed 1 money 1 anyone 1 sugarplum 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 suck 1 corrugated 1 hoped 1 beat 1 strolls 1 sydow 1 rats 1 carve 1 ten 1 secretive 1 curious 1 amazing 1 sydow 's 1 regarding 1 blob 1 ceiling 1 report 1 monster 1 most 1 settee 1 hundreds 1 tops 1 emoting 1 panes 1 rust 1 repatriate 1 stead 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 reveals 1 bible - thumping 1 shapes 1 kin 1 village 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 offed 1 kicks 1 swede 1 sorts 1 neither 1 survived 1 clambering 1 braced 1 fact 1 seen 1 shocked 1 cats 1 stayed 1 rim 1 sloppy 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 confused 1 strong 1 forests 1 mother 's 1 master 1 baring 1 lemonade 1 refilled 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 max 1 father 's 1 arguing 1 magistrate 's 1 kiddo 1 kittens 1 keepsake 1 flat 1 slime 1 farmers 1 fly 1 facsimile 1 narrowly 1 behold 1 tall 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 smash 1 unfortunately 1 stuck 1 hookers 1 value 1 cast 1 hinting 1 hit 1 crowd 1 uh 1 puff 1 hanging 1 departed 1 shimmering 1 grew 1 portals 1 rat 1 launched 1 sophisticated 1 floor - a 1 robes 1 impression 1 growled 1 ones 1 wake 1 non 1 certainly 1 ceilings 1 music 1 playing 1 occupation 1 hiding 1 tomorrow 1 flickered 1 resisted 1 busy 1 heir 1 disliked 1 forced 1 focus 1 son 's 1 keen 1 eave 1 discuss 1 jittery 1 selling 1 acceded 1 pursed 1 sighed 1 somebody 1 cluttered 1 laughing 1 satellite 1 stowed 1 familial 1 ritual 1 reconstituted 1 shift 1 sweden 1 war - rant 1 older 1 ties 1 break 1 course 1 paved 1 frighten 1 farm - style 1 steamed 1 realtor 1 shone 1 sounded 1 funny 1 lepers 1 outlawed 1 specific 1 design 1 demons 1 enemies 1 theatrical 1 components 1 whirred 1 shattered 1 occurred 1 torments 1 blurred 1 muttered 1 worthy 1 swamp 1 visiting 1 bitchy 1 okay 1 corroded 1 entered 1 stir 1 tomes 1 manner 1 claymation 1 fractured 1 buzz 1 wanted 1 soft 1 economy 1 unpacked 1 movements 1 curve 1 sucker 1 abutted 1 earnest 1 dissolving 1 facet 1 adjustments 1 sex 1 landscapes 1 sharp 1 gang 1 abstracted 1 bikers 1 followed 1 unhappily 1 fascination 1 chivalric 1 strange 1 dragging 1 peered 1 cellar 1 erratic 1 bunny 1 insurance 1 obsessed 1 stabs 1 garbled 1 flashed 1 tinfoil 1 marker 1 tidily 1 demesne 1 latch 1 cherished 1 cops 1 form 1 murk 1 biker 1 grata 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 easter 1 patriarchal 1 lie 1 obsession 1 overwhelming 1 pact 1 bombshell 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 hers 1 immediate 1 sympathetic 1 relieved 1 moonlight 1 fooling 1 raced 1 cottages 1 jesus 1 inhabiting 1 hard 1 knock 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 cheese 1 flickering 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 brandy 1 starts 1 hospitable 1 loped 1 waited 1 lazily 1 maw 1 pollen 1 aloud 1 slowly 1 contemplated 1 tumble 1 ponderous 1 blackened 1 question 1 psychotic 1 carried 1 dimmer 1 to - do 1 lennon 1 bled 1 spit 1 spike 1 cancer 1 stranger 1 folded 1 reaching 1 coat 1 documented 1 grainy 1 overlook 1 gears 1 assume 1 throbbed 1 bears 1 retreating 1 especially 1 ha 1 standing 1 cut 1 broach 1 rush 1 plugged 1 easy 1 coming 1 europe 1 rica 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 demonic 1 paralysis 1 panted 1 lake 1 dial 1 packed 1 french 1 likes 1 sap 1 nut 1 plumb 1 pain 1 thorny 1 lenses 1 somebody 's 1 cowl 1 toothy 1 ancient 1 container 1 too - full 1 fun 1 perceptions 1 deer 1 combining 1 attic 1 adjusting 1 computer 1 patch 1 fairytale 1 convenience 1 illumination 1 instantly 1 you 'll 1 personality 1 twice 1 ghoulish 1 cracking 1 ancestral 1 autograph 1 bulged 1 brunkert 1 flies 1 planks 1 dirt 1 cry 1 string 1 offload 1 labored 1 curse 1 renaissance 1 filmed 1 tin 1 diarrhea 1 days 1 rudimentary 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 throat 1 tying 1 cagey 1 honestly 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 vinyl 1 turnip 1 use 1 sealed 1 week 1 switched 1 curtain 1 honeybunch 1 minutes 1 commute 1 panels 1 porch 1 remade 1 dropcloth 1 pine 1 distant 1 sundown 1 daggers 1 spontaneous 1 rare 1 altering 1 safe 1 feral 1 outburst 1 pointed 1 chin 1 thicker 1 heated 1 hoarse 1 freezer 1 rail 1 nodded 1 efficiency 1 daytona 1 nearby 1 bet 1 uncles 1 range 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 perhaps 1 amidst 1 perspective 1 reinforced 1 help 1 thin 1 gamboled 1 snow 1 noise 1 performances 1 cruel 1 eldest 1 cozy 1 sinewy 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 insight 1 studied 1 cracked 1 churned 1 bit 1 grasp 1 oozing 1 claw 1 lots 1 peasant 1 wriggled 1 thank 1 pseudo - leather 1 worked 1 slackened 1 check 1 beauty 1 laundry 1 nature 1 eye 1 effing 1 vomited 1 partially 1 surging 1 top 1 afternoon 1 bunch 1 jagged 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 told 1 york 1 visions 1 famous 1 gym 1 collapse 1 promised 1 putrefying 1 snagged 1 spider 1 liquid 1 heads 1 snuffed 1 interest 1 poor 1 cobwebs 1 tea 1 trailed 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 quantum 1 settlement 1 ghouls 1 passion 1 era 1 stroked 1 atop 1 dearly 1 reformed 1 slide 1 whipping 1 bulky 1 mesmerizing 1 slug 1 grief 1 furnace 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 lonesome 1 sputtered 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 need 1 persist 1 swear 1 oval 1 yanks 1 maggots 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 center 1 spiked 1 laugh 1 playful 1 powered 1 eyeballs 1 trunk 1 wiped 1 power 1 pound 1 although 1 girl 1 wondered 1 sluice 1 plants 1 traditions 1 discos 1 bristles 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 lurking 1 forgive 1 control 1 multiplied 1 pants 1 canvas 1 shrimp 1 anyway 1 gulp 1 lightly 1 diffuse 1 deeper 1 speak 1 grade 1 recently 1 stirred 1 sad 1 lover 1 shitting 1 pastoral 1 lady 1 mock 1 whispered 1 writing 1 slightest 1 call 1 claws 1 chipped 1 comment 1 filed 1 wreck 1 dregs 1 magnified 1 knitting 1 occultist 1 screens 1 boles 1 extended 1 victorian 1 volunteered 1 stork 1 contained 1 ethereal 1 height 1 pressed 1 shoved 1 apertures 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 rig 1 arrival 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 horses 1 rambling 1 weak 1 joint 1 helping 1 thinned 1 suggest 1 thousandth 1 speck 1 great - great 1 cleaner 1 winding 1 main 1 reminded 1 somber 1 drive 1 excellent 1 somewhere 1 date 1 arch 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 vague 1 life 1 subject 1 odd 1 system 1 mirror 1 brings 1 petty 1 shifting 1 widening 1 innards 1 model 1 pushed 1 cabbages 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 stainless 1 sky 1 retrieved 1 fussing 1 jostling 1 clicking 1 brass 1 shuddered 1 ignore 1 eadweard 1 beside 1 study 1 buzzed 1 ages 1 places 1 silver 1 sailed 1 mass 1 defined 1 inappropriate 1 entertain 1 uh - uh 1 embarrassed 1 girls 1 animal 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 primitive 1 circles 1 closet 1 overhand 1 own 1 touched 1 executor 1 hamburger 1 toy 1 crawled 1 station 1 art 1 shh 1 buckets 1 clump 1 shuffled 1 seat 1 happened 1 shelters 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 run 1 mexico 1 resentment 1 hates 1 reappeared 1 answer 1 getting 1 shuttering 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 rowed 1 fucking 1 dwelt 1 aside 1 variations 1 literally 1 gulped 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 physically 1 grand 1 loathed 1 scrabbled 1 memories 1 stones 1 breeze 1 snapped 1 unlocked 1 central 1 shove 1 burned 1 overpowering 1 tykes 1 generations 1 pleased 1 rivals 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 receded 1 plate 1 cranked 1 thinking 1 plush 1 reel 1 heart 1 started 1 concession 1 america 1 exponentially 1 adjourned 1 leg 1 wishing 1 baltic 1 scarred 1 cougars 1 tipped 1 landing 1 accentuated 1 images 1 wan na 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 emerged 1 whether 1 napkin 1 three 1 paul 's 1 horror 1 clickety - click 1 movers 1 sprang 1 enjoyed 1 peeled 1 grave 1 swayed 1 1930 1 predated 1 muse 1 consternation 1 void 1 backed 1 screw 1 discover 1 towel 1 proves 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 recognized 1 bird 1 double 1 ec 1 conjuring 1 shrillness 1 crushed 1 find 1 decision 1 shadow 1 among 1 considered 1 daddy 's 1 soap 1 remind 1 crawling 1 dole 1 imagined 1 clods 1 someplace 1 ordeal 1 raging 1 happen 1 irregular 1 rule 1 long - handled 1 direction 1 skin 1 warning 1 rain 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 moon 1 exterminator 1 were n't 1 popular 1 vapor 1 lease 1 stuffed 1 alike 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 stillness 1 beaten 1 grandpa 1 dominated 1 bowed 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 suit 1 billion 1 pokers 1 blood 1 insufferably 1 weeks 1 bitchier 1 frames 1 approached 1 quality 1 vision 1 grate 1 mean - while 1 flowed 1 rotating 1 hold 1 felt 1 same 1 prying 1 loose 1 sent 1 dim 1 gloaming 1 footboard 1 snoqualmie 1 predecessors 1 born 1 shuddering 1 pissed 1 coke 1 graduated 1 ass 1 cushion 1 undefined 1 knee - high 1 arched 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 gadget 1 longstanding 1 nabbed 1 pantry 1 lives 1 flaming 1 parlor 1 conical 1 roofs 1 scuttled 1 though 1 filtered 1 secret 1 urge 1 drum 1 collar 1 pulls 1 transmogrification 1 slapping 1 wolf 1 bawling 1 romanticized 1 fantasized 1 am 1 there 'll 1 pattern 1 uptown 1 ebay 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 dangling 1 performing 1 unnerved 1 eleven 1 garbed 1 single 1 accelerating 1 since 1 mildly 1 buffaloes 1 willy - nilly 1 persona 1 swung 1 ever 1 gods 1 reclined 1 scrawled 1 dogs 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 lastly 1 county 1 touch 1 spikes 1 warn 1 spitting 1 thirty - five 1 aperture 1 actor 1 within 1 points 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 traded 1 myself 1 ready 1 echoed 1 feuds 1 shushed 1 trip 1 seeping 1 wear 1 acted 1 condition 1 scabrous 1 bored 1 covered 1 foreground 1 train 1 slap 1 trio 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 says 1 asked 1 youngest 1 articulated 1 hammer 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 nightmares 1 slightly 1 joy 1 glancing 1 beaming 1 shook 1 muddy 1 glittered 1 survival 1 leered 1 grandfather 1 assassination 1 steps 1 true 1 vent 1 sacrificial 1 etched 1 swallowed 1 argue 1 costa 1 straw 1 disintegrate 1 resembles 1 believe 1 hillock 1 moving 1 bah 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 gloom 1 paternal 1 stamping 1 firelight 1 child 's 1 secure 1 faddah 1 daylight 1 facades 1 boor 1 messages 1 relatives 1 are n't 1 fetish 1 roses 1 floating 1 bubbles 1 mary 1 step 1 titles 1 hushed 1 brushed 1 spill 1 charged 1 sibling 1 rivalry 1 machine 1 forehead 1 loop 1 shaking 1 dread 1 briefly 1 found 1 color 1 cascade 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 gents 1 vase 1 reading 1 bigger 1 repeated 1 snob 1 glow 1 sharper 1 pictured 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 shabby 1 pure 1 fifty 1 haiti 1 upbeat 1 ovens 1 paul 1 temptation 1 toddies 1 knives 1 occasions 1 contraption 1 impossible 1 husband 's 1 claimed 1 kettle 1 books 1 school 1 off - kilter 1 hospitals 1 sawing 1 lose 1 wings 1 bands 1 nubs 1 roofie 1 paint 1 vibes 1 wore 1 jibber - jabber 1 hundredth 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 dome 1 unexplained 1 gradually 1 neighbor 's 1 sang 1 noticed 1 century 1 temples 1 five 1 crank 1 list 1 projected 1 accident 1 strokes 1 section 1 desk 1 side 1 street 1 spines 1 town 1 kings 1 tasks 1 enough 1 modern 1 acid 1 knotholes 1 gold 1 unlike 1 eve 1 instant 1 reddened 1 imagery 1 unloaded 1 contorted 1 puppies 1 snore 1 vertigo 1 dealing 1 dimmed 1 shutters 1 burn 1 stomach 1 defiance 1 shop 1 inheriting 1 avoided 1 leaped 1 listen 1 punchbowl 1 foundation 1 jacket 1 spying 1 railing 1 selection 1 unwind 1 slithered 1 frowned 1 feared 1 team 1 noises 1 logs 1 high 1 h 1 quaint 1 picture 1 scene 926 .
strappado - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 strappado 394 the 278 and 192 a 190 of 114 to 110 his 104 in 91 he 69 was 52 kenshi 48 with 41 from 40 at 39 it 38 on 37 swayne 35 for 34 him 33 were 32 had 30 their 28 that 27 as 24 them 22 an 21 they 20 by 20 or 19 into 18 said 18 one 18 been 15 you 15 he 'd 15 this 15 all 14 no 13 her 13 like 13 there 12 van 12 man 12 up 12 black 12 kenshi 's 12 through 11 what 11 but 11 over 11 i 11 guzman 10 after 10 if 10 be 10 so 10 made 10 hotel 10 walther 10 iblis 10 out 9 hendrika 9 she 9 much 9 another 9 red 9 thought 9 did n't 9 when 9 door 9 around 8 white 8 would 8 rashid 8 few 8 off 8 about 8 face 8 not 7 near 7 more 7 such 7 men 7 three 7 then 7 yet 7 day 7 wore 7 fedor 6 who 6 plastic 6 its 6 group 6 back 6 andersen 6 went 6 your 6 left 6 music 6 american 6 world 6 is 6 old 6 open 6 blue 6 himself 6 which 6 these 5 even 5 job 5 go 5 away 5 came 5 do n't 5 new 5 again 5 only 5 none 5 air 5 too 5 edge 5 until 5 down 5 several 5 water 5 each 5 blond 5 ever 5 friend 5 cigarette 5 once 5 enough 5 noted 4 everyone 4 local 4 show 4 i ' m 4 could 4 hair 4 later 4 turn 4 under 4 smiled 4 narrow 4 would ' ve 4 regarding 4 come 4 next 4 company 4 some 4 guests 4 know 4 stood 4 lamps 4 got 4 began 4 viking 4 returned 4 lay 4 bit 4 bar 4 although 4 indian 4 during 4 darkness 4 breathed 4 caught 4 eyes 4 art 4 gathered 4 might 4 two 4 let 4 will 4 monastery 4 suit 4 blood 4 between 4 tour 4 laughed 4 called 4 found 4 while 4 floor 4 barrels 4 she 'd 4 along 4 before 3 me 3 farther 3 gone 3 people 3 wet 3 behind 3 streets 3 rather 3 bottles 3 who 'd 3 discoth 3 dream 3 shoot 3 never 3 dark 3 series 3 they 'd 3 little 3 was n't 3 those 3 say 3 neck 3 soon 3 end 3 shadows 3 voice 3 disco 3 welcome 3 any 3 look 3 explained 3 good 3 heard 3 vodka 3 last 3 against 3 certainly 3 i ' ve 3 why 3 course 3 seemed 3 other 3 discovered 3 walls 3 gravel 3 number 3 now 3 waited 3 how 3 far 3 realized 3 exhibition 3 dirt 3 closed 3 phone 3 ken 3 fellow 3 belly 3 perhaps 3 apartment 3 reunion 3 comprised 3 above 3 knew 3 thank 3 hell 3 trench 3 nothing 3 outside 3 business 3 vans 3 drink 3 pressed 3 shared 3 bulldozer 3 feet 3 drained 3 every 3 mouth 3 own 3 had n't 3 aside 3 japanese 3 relatively 3 are 3 long 3 took 3 second 3 it 's 3 half 3 close 3 light 3 still 3 very 3 que 3 curtains 3 deep 3 approached 3 similar 3 cloth 3 whiskey 3 reporter 3 others 3 here 3 put 3 appeared 3 within 3 dressed 3 because 3 shoulder 3 swayne 's 3 mumbai 3 hand 3 small 3 nearly 3 across 3 finally 3 night 3 five 3 club 3 side 3 shirt 3 town 3 short 3 head 3 room 3 first 2 dropped 2 installations 2 tables 2 ran 2 ear 2 breath 2 return 2 stone 2 photographer 2 heavily 2 drugs 2 arms 2 thigh 2 building 2 real 2 country 2 that 's 2 sight 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 locations 2 european 2 doing 2 get 2 mate 2 something 2 tiger 2 foreign 2 sporadic 2 area 2 machetes 2 extent 2 moss 2 represented 2 wine 2 drainage 2 patrons 2 assembled 2 many 2 fat 2 god 2 orange 2 disconnected 2 college 2 way 2 german 2 software 2 presented 2 cigarettes 2 alone 2 swept 2 modules 2 rules 2 possible 2 recurring 2 metal 2 poured 2 introduced 2 gave 2 preferred 2 we 2 than 2 living 2 suspected 2 they 're 2 chest 2 wave 2 kind 2 comfort 2 muggers 2 spaces 2 electric 2 actually 2 shed 2 awful 2 warehouse 2 colleagues 2 ceiling 2 authorities 2 weekend 2 most 2 rang 2 wall 2 fact 2 seen 2 meet 2 probably 2 paper 2 everywhere 2 make 2 big 2 snatched 2 hanging 2 property 2 squeezed 2 clothes 2 else 2 busy 2 foam 2 swamp 2 advertising 2 impending 2 wanted 2 soft 2 sex 2 well 2 news 2 ball 2 yeah 2 leaned 2 abandoned 2 road 2 form 2 being 2 possessed 2 various 2 bony 2 windows 2 wrists 2 walk 2 carried 2 bled 2 shot 2 kilometers 2 acknowledged 2 caused 2 suite 2 french 2 slacks 2 field 2 anonymous 2 forth 2 member 2 time 2 handsome 2 u 2 cell 2 international 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 interviews 2 days 2 curtain 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 porch 2 events 2 whilst 2 sitar 2 via 2 victrola 2 place 2 help 2 thin 2 cracked 2 choked 2 flesh 2 naked 2 eye 2 jungle 2 market 2 south 2 assistant 2 york 2 contact 2 promised 2 answered 2 utterly 2 doors 2 think 2 atop 2 tickled 2 line 2 need 2 does 2 difficult 2 wondered 2 trucks 2 tourists 2 rashid 's 2 pants 2 mostly 2 rental 2 lover 2 suits 2 buffet 2 pavilion 2 courts 2 have 2 erasing 2 whatever 2 grass 2 emotional 2 interior 2 float 2 static 2 pushed 2 grimly 2 spoke 2 arm 2 shirts 2 belts 2 guerilla 2 smoked 2 suburbs 2 cold 2 password 2 english 2 stared 2 guzman 's 2 lived 2 thick 2 antiquated 2 fucking 2 home 2 large 2 couple 2 hands 2 laughter 2 grand 2 my 2 history 2 legs 2 started 2 leg 2 emerged 2 forever 2 civilized 2 weight 2 find 2 site 2 shadow 2 breakfast 2 slav 2 tonight 2 knocked 2 firm 2 rain 2 i 'll 2 nonetheless 2 tight 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 strip 2 blanket 2 stopped 2 companions 2 sat 2 weeks 2 sun 2 six 2 remembered 2 free 2 dangled 2 clay 2 banyan 2 link 2 wedged 2 beer 2 public 2 entry 2 asshole 2 oddly 2 cameras 2 must 2 faces 2 since 2 swung 2 wooden 2 lost 2 watched 2 led 2 spare 2 wear 2 pale 2 native 2 covered 2 asked 2 empty 2 beneath 2 fashion 2 rushed 2 anywhere 2 protested 2 crowded 2 point 2 dread 2 dozen 2 inevitable 2 pause 2 paint 2 films 2 heavy 2 see 2 weather 2 general 2 bitter 2 acid 2 frenchmen 2 resultant 2 instant 2 glasses 2 years 2 bought 2 circular 2 openings 2 party 2 tennis 2 high 2 saw 2 scene 1 greeting 1 supplied 1 concludes 1 london 1 swiveled 1 married 1 eschew 1 inevitability 1 panaflex 1 clang 1 declared 1 corn 1 midair 1 expressions 1 verandas 1 steadily 1 going 1 gloves 1 wild 1 wealthy 1 k 1 lucid 1 bench 1 confab 1 flattened 1 project 1 estimate 1 sheets 1 swarm 1 death 1 loaded 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 flopped 1 invited 1 owned 1 stifled 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 miserable 1 cocooned 1 experimentation 1 pacified 1 ashamed 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 really 1 squatted 1 hacked 1 sweat - stained 1 thunderclouds 1 whom 1 tires 1 wash 1 obi 1 speculating 1 curiously 1 expose 1 rose 1 episode 1 heaped 1 forays 1 prohibition 1 bronzed 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 already 1 fetched 1 ghost 1 commented 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 vigorously 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 square 1 tightly 1 tap 1 envy 1 evening 1 devices 1 insiders 1 environments 1 plantations 1 virtue 1 personal 1 allegedly 1 malta 1 goggled 1 banker 1 trauma 1 table 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 exposure 1 trading 1 pulse 1 vast 1 lofty 1 villas 1 met 1 realizing 1 port 1 travelers 1 logical 1 blasted 1 translations 1 referred 1 polite 1 considering 1 gentleman 1 arrived 1 lid 1 laws 1 stamps 1 advertised 1 driven 1 cities 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 rushing 1 offered 1 shut 1 lest 1 alcove 1 precinct 1 motes 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 regular 1 abruptly 1 gothic 1 anxious 1 gnats 1 surviving 1 carpets 1 huge 1 tree 1 third 1 fog - shrouded 1 dumped 1 unsealed 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 clamped 1 strains 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 furrows 1 hot 1 retorts 1 elsewhere 1 absence 1 lilies 1 plain 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 vasilov 1 bazaar 1 smell 1 distorted 1 birmingham 1 want 1 lemon 1 experiences 1 christian 1 large - scale 1 bath 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 sheet 1 exist 1 siblings 1 right 1 necessary 1 charming 1 conditioning 1 humming 1 proscribed 1 card 1 sick 1 measures 1 creepers 1 four 1 alchemy 1 staggered 1 day - glo 1 halftracks 1 fringes 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 entire 1 artists 1 tools 1 conversations 1 surreptitious 1 purchased 1 luck 1 mercifully 1 imperial 1 listened 1 paneled 1 tie 1 sea 1 scandalized 1 coils 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 blocking 1 elite 1 yesterday 1 advance 1 viewings 1 silent 1 snaked 1 trapped 1 argentinean 1 exclaimed 1 bangalore 1 recoil 1 popped 1 terraced 1 hard - bitten 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 elderly 1 bollywood 1 exact 1 self - loathing 1 wry 1 collegiate 1 gorge 1 remaining 1 crap 1 imported 1 investment 1 dreaming 1 quick 1 illnesses 1 bloody 1 dilapidated 1 terrace 1 nina 1 running 1 nervous 1 apprehension 1 dewlapped 1 models 1 refused 1 questions 1 hire 1 beyond 1 illegible 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 relations 1 pit 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 canada 1 embedded 1 alcohol 1 months 1 shaken 1 kept 1 dear 1 rotting 1 handshakes 1 past 1 condos 1 passed 1 backside 1 swished 1 timidity 1 kerosene 1 balcony 1 modernized 1 guides 1 doorman 1 britain 1 shit 1 privately 1 conversation 1 sighs 1 misgivings 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 determined 1 ploughed 1 moments 1 overly 1 affection 1 enormous 1 goes 1 notice 1 hookah 1 motion 1 tourism 1 confines 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 forgotten 1 designers - fran 1 bed 1 urine 1 homeless 1 respective 1 coddling 1 neatly 1 great 1 scarcely 1 europeans 1 sullen 1 walled 1 pictures 1 butt 1 envelope 1 violates 1 follow 1 effort 1 continued 1 timbuktu 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 grates 1 zero 1 image 1 copy 1 countrymen 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 friday 1 jean 1 ignored 1 supple 1 palpably 1 unease 1 viking 's 1 droves 1 regret 1 roamed 1 interested 1 corrosive 1 lime 1 congregated 1 gozo 1 pissing 1 someone 1 sure 1 foreigners 1 soundlessly 1 onto 1 whole 1 phones 1 guru 1 dorm 1 rattled 1 delhi 1 michelle 1 nose 1 breasts 1 glumly 1 screamed 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 lying 1 trembled 1 rubbed 1 intertwined 1 convoluted 1 occasional 1 dissolution 1 ultimately 1 quickening 1 s 1 grimy 1 pleasant 1 disconsolate 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 acid - filled 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 beat 1 snow - cool 1 cap 1 soot 1 co - host 1 barriers 1 flicked 1 comptroller 1 did 1 bugs 1 chalk - faced 1 evening 's 1 immensity 1 announced 1 erections 1 businessman 1 endeavor 1 ripe 1 mini 1 sweet 1 prepping 1 fence 1 parked 1 waist 1 wallet 1 slender 1 rust 1 hat 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 blizzard 1 reedy 1 there 's 1 village 1 sounds 1 dappled 1 wheeled 1 unplugged 1 gangs 1 neither 1 survived 1 part 1 where 1 lifeless 1 insane 1 braced 1 lifetime 1 bellicose 1 upon 1 plates 1 stayed 1 employer 1 resumed 1 rim 1 folklore 1 basket 1 patrolled 1 sloppy 1 buddhists 1 stripes 1 placate 1 locals 1 ached 1 enthused 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 adjoined 1 seven 1 pasture 1 jerk 's 1 bioluminescent 1 west 1 museum 1 pipe 1 shriveled 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 registered 1 rub 1 flat 1 elbow 1 compatriots 1 unzipped 1 vendor 1 calamity 1 fly 1 less 1 talker 1 casually 1 dance 1 ink 1 tasted 1 accent 1 creaked 1 skull 1 lukewarm 1 stuck 1 identity 1 roaring 1 devil 1 almost 1 fbi 1 bellowing 1 deserted 1 contacts 1 toward 1 yeah - good 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 eminent 1 washed 1 obliviously 1 fluorescent 1 science 1 mr 1 crowd 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 slashed 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 passing 1 odor 1 choose 1 tensions 1 teardrop 1 grew 1 displayed 1 mumbled 1 fabric 1 scorched 1 robes 1 film 1 mist 1 handed 1 impression 1 liquor 1 spot - a 1 ahead 1 non 1 glass 1 location 1 indians 1 playing 1 resisted 1 label 1 forced 1 inside 1 likely 1 shorter 1 barely 1 cluttered 1 settled 1 rings 1 satellite 1 floodlights 1 drinks 1 remove 1 pursuit 1 docile 1 scattering 1 whooping 1 mind 1 offing 1 lag 1 award 1 import 1 sleek 1 alley 1 carpet 1 noose 1 crushingly 1 accented 1 paved 1 lower 1 accounts 1 edifice 1 branding 1 some - thing 1 dashing 1 wingtip 1 paintings 1 scummy 1 harris 1 sender 1 electrified 1 muttered 1 stage - whispered 1 worthy 1 oxford 1 except 1 hand - scrawled 1 crackled 1 casino 1 faux 1 wankers 1 oise 1 honeydew 1 deposited 1 entered 1 curry 1 sweltering 1 hung 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 shamelessly 1 eclectic 1 thrill 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 breaker 1 exit 1 consultant 1 culture 1 kilroy 1 bathhouses 1 guide 1 blared 1 speakers 1 abutted 1 dissolving 1 humiliating 1 elusiveness 1 dishes 1 broken 1 reports 1 pimp 1 doctors 1 desolate 1 harbor 1 polished 1 concentrated 1 sharp 1 alleys 1 gaped 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 followed 1 strange 1 borrowed 1 development - perhaps 1 quasi - political 1 trek 1 meant 1 straight 1 santa 1 complexion 1 sandaled 1 grata 1 swilled 1 farewells 1 subdued 1 walkways 1 executive 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lie 1 flights 1 chief 1 derived 1 keening 1 july 1 possibly 1 funeral 1 may 1 presently 1 different 1 displays 1 functional 1 demarcated 1 casinos 1 pleasure 1 glances 1 forearm 1 extraordinary 1 candle 1 tigers 1 blocks 1 crying 1 blimp 1 corridor 1 cabs 1 opium 1 hard 1 styling 1 brilliantly 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 flickering 1 sundry 1 vied 1 swimmer 1 toppled 1 managed 1 fag 1 rubbish 1 exploded 1 haunches 1 surmounted 1 scouting 1 scale 1 heels 1 clumps 1 inveterate 1 tape 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 pigs ' 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 picasso 1 also 1 distribution 1 sheds 1 aboard 1 heritage 1 erosion 1 outright 1 albeit 1 golden 1 brows 1 galleries 1 adversity 1 estates 1 exhaustion 1 standing 1 cut 1 lent 1 evidence 1 participant 's 1 palestinian 1 1970s 1 vaulted 1 dialed 1 plains 1 chambers 1 rural 1 scratchy 1 camera 1 illuminate 1 safer 1 royalty 1 fingered 1 overwhelmed 1 transplantation 1 posed 1 estimation 1 chuckled 1 played 1 seawalls 1 guess 1 cream - colored 1 ancient 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 amsterdam 1 decades 1 north 1 chick - ens 1 chamber 1 slices 1 tripod - mounted 1 dubious 1 suite 's 1 afraid 1 photographed 1 weathergirl 1 you 'll 1 would n't 1 coupling 1 accustomed 1 ascend 1 coiled 1 tossed 1 smiles 1 filled 1 dying 1 string 1 turned 1 happier 1 auction 1 consented 1 edged 1 politely 1 sacks 1 tin 1 developers 1 rudimentary 1 outskirts 1 boxes 1 pushing 1 throat 1 guys 1 loosened 1 netherlander 1 shooting 1 words 1 violations 1 alongside 1 shallow 1 mahogany 1 citizen 1 ditches 1 agonizing 1 sapporo 1 panels 1 box 1 hired 1 pine 1 shiny 1 distant 1 charge 1 boleros 1 christmas 1 columns 1 ice 1 cutthroats 1 chin 1 spent 1 scars 1 idiot 1 magic 1 rail 1 gift 1 issued 1 accompany 1 partying 1 discarding 1 chickens 1 nearby 1 miasma 1 grinned 1 particularly 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 backs 1 pop 1 cowardice 1 trying 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 reinforced 1 major 1 obscured 1 disembodied 1 idly 1 bastard 1 drifting 1 infamous 1 intensified 1 vigor 1 adventurer 1 massed 1 serve 1 cock 1 stumbling 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 previous 1 slack 1 imagine 1 seal 1 board 1 panama 1 land 1 lights 1 automatons 1 elbows 1 lots 1 stupor 1 seventeenth - century 1 girth 1 upright 1 insignia 1 trigger 1 worked 1 ladies 1 ended 1 picking 1 demeanor 1 crepes 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 regardless 1 snappy 1 winos 1 stretch 1 blushed 1 vomit 1 western 1 rendezvous 1 slums 1 pairs 1 certain 1 barrel 1 occur 1 mosquito 1 bunch 1 lascivious 1 directly 1 amount 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 slides 1 police 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 told 1 flown 1 galoshes 1 kliegs 1 occasionally 1 gold - red 1 cloaked 1 absurdity 1 genuinely 1 intervals 1 swiping 1 heads 1 manors 1 inland 1 jet 1 taught 1 emaciation 1 smiling 1 expanse 1 libelous 1 grandparents 1 drums 1 meanwhile 1 settlement 1 yourself 1 fugue 1 iron - hot - affair 1 stroked 1 tapped 1 city 1 testicles 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 buffoon 1 hated 1 kissed 1 curled 1 crooked 1 infrastructure 1 antiquity 1 ankles 1 helpless 1 fuming 1 liaison 1 house 1 houses 1 earth 1 disintegrating 1 denial 1 boyfriend 1 young 1 thankful 1 center 1 slipped 1 sconces 1 physical 1 gel 1 glitzy 1 arrange 1 relentless 1 sickly 1 melody 1 prefabricated 1 hazardous 1 power 1 lighted 1 code 1 reception 1 sneered 1 claim 1 tears 1 raul 1 cornice 1 girl 1 british 1 exotic 1 swarms 1 plopped 1 swiftly 1 unworthiness 1 systems 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 welcomed 1 well - heeled 1 submit 1 flaccidity 1 let 's 1 siamese 1 unless 1 alight 1 content 1 hours 1 canvas 1 designer 1 buses 1 wood 1 ashtrays 1 anyway 1 whoever 1 below 1 sentiment 1 romance 1 cantina 1 ministry 1 speak 1 temporary 1 equally 1 recreational 1 clue 1 layers 1 warned 1 painted 1 mock 1 waving 1 sagging 1 call 1 gingerly 1 filed 1 escort 1 items 1 syncopation 1 whomever 1 high - rise 1 significant 1 extended 1 scofflaw 1 volunteered 1 tentacle 1 amazed 1 bathhouse 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 splash 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 severed 1 nam 1 post 1 easily 1 arrive 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 war 1 spanish 1 arrival 1 atlantic 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 sculptures 1 leeched 1 producer 1 beast 1 amongst 1 predicted 1 guttered 1 oh 1 joint 1 hatefully 1 language 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 wordlessly 1 colonial 1 hydrochloric 1 misshapen 1 promotion 1 directions 1 recording 1 earshot 1 extraordinarily 1 assured 1 lifting 1 circulated 1 main 1 morning 1 pumped 1 cross - fire 1 reminded 1 fizzed 1 mercy 1 grumbling 1 drive 1 effects 1 crumbling 1 deep - sea 1 arch 1 opening 1 rubber 1 autumn 1 marble 1 life 1 moment 1 betrayed 1 odd 1 drably 1 orbit 1 bombing 1 minsk 1 model 1 tenth - floor 1 lasted 1 terrible 1 avenue 1 fractious 1 spotted 1 addition 1 jocularity 1 cattle 1 subterranean 1 sky 1 beginning 1 heat 1 brass 1 rifles 1 italian 1 similarly 1 plucking 1 ignore 1 map 1 half - concealed 1 dreamed 1 everglades 1 faintly 1 dull 1 case 1 eerie 1 obscenity 1 seam 1 frequencies 1 bucket 1 ago 1 hindu - flavored 1 suzuki 1 slip 1 fearless 1 machete 1 labyrinthine 1 together 1 crossbones 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 photo 1 closet 1 dilettante 1 dreary 1 compartmentalized 1 handful 1 yards 1 continent 1 purple 1 spooky 1 sensation 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 understood 1 introductions 1 happened 1 impact 1 thoughts 1 brutally 1 conglomerate 1 commonplace 1 random 1 mexico 1 viet 1 raising 1 oil 1 everybody 1 twos 1 contents 1 butts 1 barbarian 1 vine 1 broads 1 smuggled 1 opened 1 signs 1 speaker 1 collection 1 smothered 1 hotels 1 burgeoning 1 cia 1 provided 1 clothed 1 baroque 1 proceed 1 belt 1 sidewalk 1 violent 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 types 1 disk 1 accepting 1 abroad 1 spine 1 credit 1 balaclavas 1 cheerfully 1 breeze 1 become 1 expect 1 louder 1 awake 1 smartly 1 recognition 1 pleased 1 nightclubbing 1 swing 1 driver 1 chose 1 scant 1 feature 1 hollow 1 cranked 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 thinking 1 nervously 1 stifle 1 heart 1 restaurants 1 talked 1 concession 1 vicious 1 bribe 1 acquaintance 1 love 1 wishing 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 lobby 1 work 1 scarred 1 stories 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 lock 1 commerce 's 1 unto 1 tolerance 1 shrill 1 service 1 exceedingly 1 feeling 1 re - creating 1 unconsciousness 1 thanks 1 peeled 1 silence 1 fords 1 cruises 1 attention 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 blood - warm 1 tropical 1 countries 1 exile 1 discover 1 stock 1 melancholy 1 finished 1 semen 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 sarongs 1 hidden 1 block 1 however 1 naturalized 1 sly 1 exertions 1 crushed 1 brief 1 nausea 1 outlined 1 year 1 usa 1 ashtray 1 embarrassment 1 booze - drenched 1 we ' ve 1 sniping 1 considered 1 balaclava 1 borne 1 moist 1 fore 1 screeching 1 witness 1 gangway 1 pears 1 subset 1 trees 1 nights 1 consulate 1 indulgently 1 heel 1 mosaic 1 limey 1 infected 1 command 1 skin 1 flawless 1 smithee 1 seeped 1 nice 1 strappado 1 cultivated 1 unexpected 1 pairings 1 became 1 dry 1 sniffing 1 popular 1 whispery 1 exactly 1 hey 1 septic 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 smashed 1 sluiced 1 epitome 1 eh 1 dress 1 doubtful 1 wilderness 1 not - happening 1 preferably 1 deeply 1 retired 1 storage 1 slick 1 debauchers 1 cloying 1 ring 1 steam 1 freshly 1 satisfaction 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 belligerently 1 instructed 1 retracted 1 waxed 1 quantity 1 connecticut 1 cars 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 gardening 1 whirlwind 1 frames 1 hirsute 1 quality 1 passport 1 tips 1 vision 1 thus 1 daily 1 brushing 1 conjecture 1 profoundly 1 one - time 1 bright 1 summer 1 roman 1 laden 1 hold 1 rotating 1 felt 1 same 1 named 1 nightclub 1 rich 1 nabobs 1 sarcasm 1 explanation 1 hour 1 sent 1 occupied 1 droplets 1 additions 1 rumor 1 clanged 1 den 1 lark 1 smelled 1 mauling 1 broke 1 chain 1 bangkok 1 netting 1 white - bread 1 space 1 lives 1 recriminations 1 hollywood 1 passage 1 slid 1 explosions 1 arrested 1 macabre 1 luis 1 chocolate 1 wharfs 1 influenced 1 ruts 1 inducted 1 reeked 1 thunderously 1 assuredly 1 surf 1 slideshow 1 piles 1 visited 1 pulls 1 supine 1 slapping 1 fully 1 lavish 1 children 1 stroll 1 turbans 1 huddle 1 reflected 1 body 1 garbed 1 darwin 1 titillating 1 style 1 vines 1 companies 1 eardrum - shattering 1 hole 1 single 1 drew 1 pocket 1 mildly 1 faded 1 shoes 1 persona 1 pulled 1 lockers 1 howl 1 sale 1 crates 1 segued 1 intact 1 ushered 1 interpol 1 chewing 1 lethargic 1 always 1 donated 1 banded 1 fro 1 alive 1 insulating 1 bloated 1 sulu 1 lifeblood 1 contingent 1 strolled 1 alan 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 echoed 1 taxi 1 how 'd 1 acutely 1 quarter - mile 1 pools 1 track 1 dreams 1 trip 1 dizziness 1 methodically 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 travel 1 bank 1 collection - estate 1 untucked 1 youth 1 garden 1 perfectly 1 enlisting 1 knees 1 coterie 1 done 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 stench 1 idea 1 corner 1 sallow 1 acclimated 1 cocktail 1 confided 1 hillsides 1 slightly 1 equal 1 slaughter 1 awaited 1 fishily 1 techno 1 englishman 1 marauding 1 exaggerated 1 glitter 1 story 1 nightmare 1 press 1 tarps 1 swallowed 1 capsized 1 laboring 1 argue 1 coast 1 uneven 1 pond 1 hangovers 1 quickly 1 otherwise 1 terminal 1 promises 1 gloom 1 scratched 1 could n't 1 darkened 1 yes 1 secure 1 marathon 1 daylight 1 boor 1 perimeter 1 mildest 1 tourist 1 cyclopean 1 gunny 1 randomly 1 fragments 1 crisp 1 cocktails 1 glowed 1 misgiving 1 travels 1 looming 1 womb 1 calmness 1 neglect 1 unauthorized 1 confiscated 1 forthcoming 1 swimmingly 1 tremor 1 junkets 1 seniors 1 familiar 1 humidity 1 cried 1 blazer 1 blocks - the 1 trap 1 appeasing 1 avoiding 1 pull 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 shuffle 1 lungs 1 marshes 1 instead 1 drank 1 vase 1 florid 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 sunk 1 crucified 1 limes 1 low 1 held 1 baggy 1 take 1 hangover 1 tapping 1 ivory 1 developed 1 minute 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 elegant 1 volunteers 1 westerners 1 claude 1 formal 1 stems 1 tri - headed 1 circumstances 1 kolkata 1 fell 1 surrounded 1 cursed 1 killed 1 brazen 1 window 1 starless 1 persistent 1 champagne 1 owners 1 jap 1 scattered 1 prospect 1 obstreperous 1 present 1 funneled 1 headed 1 preserve 1 drove 1 recorders 1 ate 1 stem 1 copies 1 eyeless 1 exhibit 1 designated 1 health 1 drown 1 discarded 1 tried 1 shops 1 walked 1 comparing 1 enjoy 1 gradually 1 grimaces 1 lagoon 1 bourbon 1 subsided 1 attired 1 ramp 1 gently 1 projected 1 accident 1 sampler 1 snarled 1 tell 1 leave 1 meager 1 stage 1 earnestly 1 appointed 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 congruently 1 fired 1 delirium 1 sneaked 1 expense 1 affair 1 shepherded 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 lines 1 translucent 1 gold 1 looking 1 coonskin 1 melt 1 victor 1 chance 1 favored 1 impediment - he 1 commenced 1 glue 1 name 1 scout 1 learn 1 buried 1 vertigo 1 skip 1 gelled 1 confinement 1 pens 1 anything 1 group 's 1 burn 1 pseudonym 1 cream 1 us 1 emotions 1 brought 1 threaded 1 avoided 1 exhibits 1 homeland 1 buttock 1 elbow - length 1 touching 1 ridge 1 underground 1 stupid 1 remained 1 times 1 past- 1 be - hind 1 success 1 team 1 noises 1 appearance 1 venues 1 picture 1 tokyo 1 chopping 927 .
the broadsword - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the broadsword 859 the 495 and 422 a 331 of 289 his 274 he 274 to 252 in 185 was 128 you 110 it 103 from 103 pershing 94 that 91 him 91 on 89 with 82 for 80 i 79 as 78 at 73 her 67 had 67 said 60 she 55 this 54 they 50 or 50 he 'd 50 an 47 were 47 if 47 into 44 be 43 by 41 what 40 like 39 their 39 one 37 so 37 not 36 them 35 about 34 mel 33 but 33 terry 33 through 32 when 31 more 31 wanda 30 me 30 no 29 than 29 is 28 who 27 we 27 there 27 out 26 over 26 all 26 around 25 do n't 25 been 24 got 24 two 24 then 23 your 22 would 22 its 22 back 22 come 22 how 22 made 22 did n't 22 night 21 i ' m 21 elgin 21 after 21 up 21 apartment 21 have 21 are 20 man 20 my 20 himself 20 while 18 could 18 do 18 which 17 pershing 's 17 away 17 just 17 went 17 off 17 old 16 some 16 other 16 too 16 few 16 these 15 now 15 until 15 face 15 thought 15 hand 14 even 14 behind 14 broadsword 14 hell 14 black 14 own 14 long 14 it 's 14 years 14 room 13 better 13 dark 13 gave 13 did 13 left 13 know 13 well 13 stood 13 time 13 oh 13 down 13 here 13 day 13 head 12 going 12 get 12 right 12 was n't 12 came 12 seen 12 only 12 make 12 every 12 maybe 12 light 12 detective 12 called 12 see 12 before 11 something 11 much 11 days 11 told 11 girl 11 had n't 11 lived 11 heart 11 water 11 three 11 put 11 tell 11 door 11 anything 11 along 10 that 's 10 near 10 little 10 you 're 10 any 10 where 10 heard 10 wanted 10 should 10 hours 10 eyes 10 wanda 's 10 vent 10 could n't 10 across 9 gone 9 people 9 eric 9 many 9 say 9 woman 9 shadows 9 woods 9 mind 9 place 9 men 9 person 9 house 9 morning 9 home 9 couple 9 took 9 several 9 yet 9 ever 9 saw 9 first 8 really 8 dennard 8 go 8 we 'll 8 talking 8 way 8 our 8 smiled 8 upon 8 last 8 against 8 inside 8 why 8 another 8 such 8 hotel 8 klecko 8 lay 8 hopkins 8 gina 8 drink 8 hands 8 cabin 8 will 8 i 'll 8 felt 8 because 8 wife 8 ask 8 take 8 window 8 she 'd 7 can 7 never 7 neck 7 end 7 someone 7 sure 7 wall 7 good 7 least 7 almost 7 toward 7 mr 7 glass 7 terry 's 7 sound 7 phone 7 bottle 7 bit 7 knew 7 red 7 during 7 darkness 7 life 7 moment 7 heat 7 dead 7 stared 7 second 7 love 7 find 7 trees 7 skin 7 friend 7 asked 7 done 7 small 7 weather 7 walked 7 five 7 enough 7 thing 6 danger 6 building 6 table 6 set 6 bad 6 stuff 6 late 6 fire 6 wine 6 hair 6 orange 6 wrong 6 those 6 months 6 turn 6 soon 6 living 6 superintendent 6 most 6 there 's 6 somebody 6 i ' ve 6 office 6 yeah 6 none 6 being 6 hard 6 fear 6 coming 6 minutes 6 brain 6 grinned 6 moved 6 pop 6 afternoon 6 certain 6 things 6 police 6 think 6 nothing 6 everything 6 mom 6 although 6 below 6 feet 6 arm 6 family 6 mouth 6 sense 6 rest 6 might 6 jimmy 6 ordbecker 6 quite 6 walker 6 blood 6 weeks 6 children 6 always 6 lost 6 watched 6 within 6 dressed 6 dreams 6 she 's 6 school 6 either 6 closer 6 us 5 drunk 5 real 5 elgin 's 5 tree 5 hot 5 who 'd 5 watching 5 damn 5 they 'd 5 later 5 kept 5 under 5 bed 5 great 5 child 5 new 5 sugar 5 voice 5 actually 5 anyone 5 relationship 5 hat 5 big 5 else 5 course 5 kids 5 gloria 5 percy 5 except 5 nobody 5 is n't 5 air 5 cops 5 chuckled 5 hills 5 turned 5 week 5 clouds 5 lights 5 outside 5 young 5 car 5 whispered 5 open 5 pack 5 odd 5 system 5 care 5 visit 5 together 5 cold 5 distance 5 frame 5 laughter 5 feel 5 started 5 sly 5 became 5 sweat 5 broke 5 between 5 dinner 5 body 5 appeared 5 shook 5 darkened 5 laughed 5 found 5 dozen 5 finally 5 killed 5 floor 5 noticed 5 side 5 name 5 glasses 5 mark 5 pair 5 high 4 dropped 4 everyone 4 owned 4 depths 4 hear 4 figured 4 saying 4 met 4 white 4 sleep 4 eventually 4 shut 4 prior 4 couch 4 want 4 tenants 4 ethel 4 four 4 tools 4 coffee 4 god 4 alone 4 questions 4 beyond 4 past 4 passed 4 conversation 4 order 4 kind 4 pretty 4 needed 4 screamed 4 acquired 4 ceiling 4 fact 4 sometimes 4 meet 4 state 4 decided 4 next 4 died 4 hit 4 worry 4 passing 4 recorder 4 clothes 4 seemed 4 soft 4 bedroom 4 meant 4 lisa 4 baby 4 give 4 managed 4 girlfriend 4 best 4 damp 4 camp 4 caused 4 played 4 edge 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 despite 4 porch 4 box 4 spent 4 trying 4 figures 4 flesh 4 eye 4 fine 4 watch 4 meanwhile 4 line 4 furnace 4 olympia 4 vents 4 working 4 lighted 4 let 's 4 surveying 4 forms 4 whatever 4 bowl 4 yards 4 purple 4 happened 4 leaves 4 work 4 stories 4 hearing 4 half 4 kid 4 let 4 shadow 4 still 4 wind 4 rain 4 usually 4 stars 4 sat 4 sun 4 thus 4 others 4 spread 4 friends 4 gesture 4 faces 4 hole 4 since 4 television 4 knees 4 corner 4 slightly 4 true 4 unpleasant 4 scared 4 beneath 4 reached 4 quickly 4 moving 4 nearly 4 held 4 heavy 4 peace 4 tried 4 stage 4 remained 4 times 3 married 3 immediately 3 p 3 stone 3 rose 3 rocks 3 soda 3 happy 3 milk 3 green 3 job 3 organic 3 freeman 3 dragged 3 eating 3 relief 3 valley 3 doing 3 third 3 monday 3 boy 3 area 3 booze 3 affected 3 rolled 3 listened 3 he 's 3 lips 3 college 3 cheek 3 man 's 3 suggested 3 kinda 3 dear 3 understand 3 preferred 3 move 3 brother 3 without 3 manticore 3 fan 3 birthday 3 composed 3 rattled 3 start 3 bone 3 father 3 money 3 ten 3 september 3 look 3 mountains 3 again 3 means 3 119 3 west 3 lemonade 3 probably 3 custodian 3 sarah 3 hiking 3 pete 3 cast 3 company 3 m 3 middle 3 grew 3 younger 3 playing 3 missing 3 drinks 3 older 3 break 3 glanced 3 what 's 3 forest 3 have n't 3 crazy 3 dishes 3 strange 3 leaned 3 figure 3 windows 3 sneaking 3 jesus 3 waited 3 event 3 question 3 also 3 realized 3 field 3 forth 3 human 3 dirt 3 closed 3 showed 3 has 3 marina 3 meter 3 guys 3 use 3 star 3 fellow 3 mean 3 bushes 3 search 3 learned 3 stumbling 3 worked 3 situation 3 stretch 3 top 3 directly 3 waiting 3 yourself 3 word 3 sports 3 need 3 does 3 thankfully 3 cup 3 threw 3 regina 3 tears 3 itself 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 lady 3 call 3 singing 3 talk 3 post 3 wished 3 climbed 3 weak 3 chatting 3 static 3 spooked 3 case 3 silver 3 shoe 3 we 're 3 battered 3 formed 3 closet 3 touched 3 operation 3 station 3 wound 3 mel 's 3 getting 3 connie 3 waved 3 tales 3 large 3 memory 3 become 3 betsy 3 downtown 3 enjoyed 3 each 3 smile 3 close 3 however 3 allowed 3 muscles 3 imagined 3 tonight 3 knocked 3 joints 3 very 3 nonetheless 3 problem 3 wilderness 3 blanket 3 stopped 3 deep 3 six 3 remembered 3 often 3 bright 3 described 3 same 3 named 3 dim 3 you ' ve 3 smelled 3 ordbeckers 3 attack 3 beer 3 pulled 3 gods 3 pretending 3 chop 3 touch 3 cared 3 shoulder 3 got ta 3 used 3 story 3 looks 3 served 3 gloom 3 sign 3 spy 3 dread 3 drank 3 clear 3 books 3 bobby 3 fell 3 surrounded 3 once 3 wore 3 fog 3 headed 3 leave 3 meager 3 massive 3 desk 3 short 3 sleeping 3 brought 3 remain 3 checked 3 anne 2 boxers 2 zipped 2 interview 2 super 2 wild 2 wait 2 share 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 matter 2 tables 2 wo n't 2 trouble 2 local 2 suspicion 2 whom 2 show 2 1973 2 return 2 serious 2 keep 2 supply 2 spend 2 already 2 thanked 2 ghost 2 dripped 2 heavily 2 stains 2 psychic 2 evening 2 whistling 2 allegedly 2 owner 2 yellow 2 seconds 2 radiated 2 country 2 flared 2 degenerated 2 expression 2 wonder 2 considering 2 bring 2 parties 2 both 2 regular 2 mumble 2 tumbled 2 haunted 2 stygian 2 dad 2 restaurant 2 rather 2 age 2 there 'd 2 volume 2 bottles 2 key 2 save 2 experiences 2 bath 2 husband 2 2 2 doubt - less 2 card 2 thursday 2 moss 2 whispering 2 primordial 2 meat 2 experience 2 entire 2 plastic 2 erased 2 depot 2 hill 2 dream 2 woke 2 murmured 2 church 2 pulsed 2 crap 2 emanated 2 running 2 switch 2 swept 2 grasped 2 weirdoes 2 picked 2 stiff 2 mysterious 2 clearing 2 possible 2 metal 2 poured 2 split 2 jack 2 anxiety 2 sweetie 2 dusty 2 goes 2 buildings 2 radio 2 accepted 2 department 2 brightened 2 suspected 2 sticky 2 attracted 2 drinker 2 chair 2 narrow 2 following 2 sorry 2 definitely 2 they 're 2 gleamed 2 interested 2 grown 2 onto 2 fissure 2 whole 2 expensive 2 finger 2 would ' ve 2 occasional 2 voices 2 grimy 2 giggled 2 antique 2 forward 2 floors 2 hoped 2 flicked 2 gina 's 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 report 2 weekend 2 passenger 2 stop 2 rang 2 information 2 wallet 2 rust 2 misery 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 sounds 2 part 2 rescue 2 lifetime 2 insisted 2 knows 2 stayed 2 nebulous 2 recall 2 ached 2 convinced 2 elbow 2 recession 2 less 2 casually 2 tall 2 fixed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 lately 2 finding 2 bus 2 crowd 2 coy 2 beckoned 2 slashed 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 leaving 2 impression 2 liquor 2 clayton 2 constant 2 crew 2 ones 2 regarded 2 kitchen 2 certainly 2 engine 2 tomorrow 2 flickered 2 forced 2 suspect 2 peculiar 2 struck 2 steady 2 disappeared 2 escape 2 falsetto 2 hundred 2 consider 2 upstairs 2 shone 2 freight 2 lower 2 sounded 2 funny 2 uneasily 2 ridges 2 neighborhood 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 tendrils 2 visiting 2 cripes 2 view 2 okay 2 besides 2 ruled 2 exchanged 2 news 2 ball 2 devils 2 followed 2 beam 2 halls 2 plunged 2 emergency 2 moldy 2 early 2 lugging 2 nancy 2 morris 2 molding 2 executive 2 farfetched 2 acoustics 2 possibly 2 funeral 2 hid 2 hall 2 different 2 pleasure 2 seattle 2 lighting 2 glare 2 number 2 proved 2 having 2 blackened 2 carried 2 far 2 makes 2 maple 2 pad 2 slammed 2 especially 2 baseball 2 ha 2 cash 2 rise 2 dialed 2 lake 2 suite 2 guess 2 comfortable 2 catch 2 decades 2 dealt 2 round 2 illumination 2 routinely 2 son 2 cooling 2 syrupy 2 personality 2 teeth 2 complex 2 nine 2 marred 2 reason 2 labored 2 stretched 2 muffled 2 throbbing 2 continue 2 words 2 temperature 2 events 2 sandwiches 2 lot 2 notion 2 chin 2 fleshy 2 scope 2 nodded 2 softly 2 nearby 2 bet 2 retirement 2 returned 2 stay 2 embarrassingly 2 sudden 2 above 2 help 2 bastard 2 slurred 2 play 2 intensified 2 obviously 2 spade 2 prank 2 elevator 2 previous 2 staying 2 presence 2 thank 2 constance 2 check 2 naked 2 nature 2 note 2 keeping 2 colossal 2 race 2 kidneys 2 visions 2 bar 2 caverns 2 hide 2 answered 2 twinkled 2 city 2 wrinkled 2 dementia 2 kissed 2 grief 2 neighboring 2 ceased 2 earth 2 crooning 2 slipped 2 offline 2 wiped 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 higgins 2 patted 2 apocalypse 2 raving 2 portion 2 happens 2 mostly 2 mattress 2 wrote 2 normalcy 2 mystery 2 comment 2 judging 2 suits 2 he 'll 2 who 's 2 bathroom 2 ears 2 muted 2 breathed 2 friend 's 2 anybody 2 pains 2 nerves 2 tittered 2 blue 2 constantly 2 cards 2 nowhere 2 15 2 isolated 2 sofa 2 lifted 2 calling 2 subterranean 2 rank 2 inner 2 dreamed 2 california 2 surface 2 mass 2 gore 2 trick 2 girls 2 guessed 2 extra 2 bonfire 2 security 2 clash 2 shh 2 grin 2 run 2 answer 2 please 2 nah 2 opened 2 grab 2 revealed 2 wickedness 2 gathered 2 memories 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 burned 2 fit 2 careful 2 driver 2 record 2 talked 2 uncle 2 october 2 miles 2 emerged 2 whether 2 feeling 2 silence 2 grave 2 circuit 2 full 2 finished 2 panic 2 hidden 2 accompanied 2 brief 2 rooms 2 we ' ve 2 ordbecker 's 2 worst 2 fluttered 2 hello 2 happen 2 huddled 2 direction 2 stalking 2 inverted 2 teacher 2 sweetbreads 2 dry 2 campsite 2 numbers 2 warm 2 exactly 2 hey 2 overhead 2 dress 2 strangers 2 ring 2 pitcher 2 cars 2 gasped 2 quality 2 food 2 consecutive 2 asleep 2 thrilled 2 free 2 branches 2 sent 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 graduated 2 given 2 feed 2 lives 2 truth 2 stripped 2 slid 2 though 2 cabellos 2 secret 2 visited 2 rounds 2 looked 2 thirty - six 2 draped 2 entry 2 must 2 needle 2 imagination 2 lobster 2 pocket 2 dunno 2 normally 2 dogs 2 machines 2 ravine 2 easier 2 suffered 2 apparently 2 myself 2 ready 2 eric 's 2 track 2 wear 2 pale 2 bored 2 says 2 stench 2 spring 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 nightmares 2 empty 2 joy 2 hearth 2 guy 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 nightmare 2 background 2 remote 2 melting 2 yes 2 daylight 2 base 2 change 2 are n't 2 glowed 2 stashed 2 lurked 2 roughly 2 does n't 2 cox 2 fancy 2 mindless 2 sort 2 game 2 reading 2 bigger 2 former 2 jerky 2 glow 2 fifty 2 sixth 2 refrigerator 2 mold 2 impossible 2 occasions 2 claimed 2 maintained 2 coolness 2 officer 2 cave 2 turns 2 robber 2 bugged 2 obstreperous 2 randy 2 drove 2 ghostly 2 clammy 2 compass 2 quiet 2 task 2 clock 2 concerns 2 senses 2 glance 2 whispers 2 supper 2 delirium 2 shirt 2 town 2 pump 2 gotten 2 helped 2 acid 2 looking 2 paid 2 seventy 2 simply 2 guilt 2 oozed 2 appreciation 2 vest 2 latest 2 noted 2 hang 2 crossed 2 shop 2 homeland 2 brown 2 bought 2 quarter 2 hugged 2 ghosts 2 slithered 1 levity 1 unexpectedly 1 descended 1 supplied 1 calm 1 taken 1 sole 1 voluptuous 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 gray 1 inimitable 1 medicine 1 single - bedroom 1 twenty 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 doorways 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 trust 1 bedrooms - elgin 1 settling 1 steadily 1 silly 1 batting 1 haste 1 gruesome 1 seeing 1 tenancy 1 fluid 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 mimicking 1 siege 1 white - gloved 1 broad - sword 1 fair 1 ballgames 1 tragic 1 fiercely 1 industrial 1 signaled 1 booth 1 who - ever 1 8 1 slung 1 headache 1 muck 1 quaking 1 peaked 1 noting 1 gourmands 1 appropriate 1 rate 1 coals 1 dramatically 1 density 1 remarking 1 extricated 1 unceremoniously 1 source 1 dwells 1 thunderclap 1 failed 1 sink 1 sanctuary 1 puckered 1 allowing 1 ear 1 boyhood 1 roosting 1 1 1 tattoo 1 sufficient 1 sumed 1 abiding 1 wash 1 finish 1 wring 1 cooked 1 acceptance 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 demented 1 roared 1 appearance - his 1 hardwood 1 1983 1 chided 1 surprise 1 matted 1 daze 1 cracks 1 fetched 1 semblance 1 commented 1 antennas 1 echoing 1 exchange 1 backpack 1 um 1 veteran 1 wad 1 tightly 1 for - est 1 arms 1 latter 1 thigh 1 surpassed 1 gloomy 1 environments 1 fritz 1 blemishes 1 classier 1 relieve 1 taffy 1 rent 1 hissed 1 deal 1 personal 1 thoroughfares 1 nattering 1 soundless 1 banker 1 sweaty 1 suspension 1 historian 1 encampment 1 exposure 1 though - you 're 1 sidled 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 pulse 1 radical 1 logic 1 vast 1 tunes 1 student 1 partly 1 nightclub - cum - gambling 1 made - in - china 1 gape 1 architect 1 torch 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 counting 1 leader 1 after - dinner 1 grudging 1 missed 1 violet 1 blasted 1 impatient 1 referred 1 coordination 1 detached 1 captor 1 bakery 1 geophysical 1 burglar 1 bats 1 brow 1 devour 1 crib 1 sight 1 vino 1 protected 1 arrived 1 cabinet 1 misses 1 relented 1 far - mainly 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 offered 1 jumble 1 male 1 spied 1 concrete 1 explanations 1 precinct 1 flashing 1 mainly 1 lyrics 1 unimaginable 1 speed 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 located 1 rafters 1 zipper 1 nasty 1 wet 1 brad 1 twisted 1 signals 1 thumbs 1 chrysalis 1 spurred 1 adopted 1 candles 1 universe 1 wacko 1 daunting 1 jealousy 1 estate 1 cocked 1 route 1 observers ' 1 pattering 1 pulling 1 cur - rent 1 cosmos 1 patently 1 stoking 1 kerouac 1 elsewhere 1 styrofoam 1 stairwells 1 scotch 1 c'm on 1 tailored 1 perry 1 foreign 1 amused 1 district 1 irritable 1 infinite 1 sock 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 mental 1 lemon 1 vogue 1 fried 1 jeezus 1 foot 1 tiles 1 wrap 1 inexplicable 1 replaced 1 shale 1 worker 1 unidentifiable 1 hair - line 1 gas 1 snug 1 hope 1 knife 1 dimly 1 columned 1 exist 1 transformed 1 gets 1 criminal 1 construction 1 today 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 sport 1 fret 1 yolks 1 cloths 1 conditioning 1 doorway 1 titanic 1 tail 1 extent 1 heirs 1 spree 1 fix 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 pincers 1 measures 1 gunned 1 sinking 1 taxes 1 verse 1 dawn 1 fringes 1 mastery 1 tract 1 terrified 1 lane 1 tiptoed 1 purchased 1 perched 1 season 1 clumsily 1 furniture 1 splattered 1 nonchalance 1 blame 1 hippie 1 sea 1 graduate 1 routine 1 melted 1 coils 1 worn 1 sickening 1 sharing 1 smoking 1 jobs 1 dismissive 1 wary 1 inevitably 1 humid 1 tuned 1 abused 1 yesterday 1 perils 1 miked 1 viscid 1 girl 's 1 cyst 1 habitat 1 silent 1 broadsword - they 1 player 1 popping 1 trapped 1 contemptuous 1 polar 1 insinuated 1 loath 1 regina 's 1 unconvinced 1 them - selves 1 crushing 1 dresser 1 lord 1 disconnected 1 mariners ' 1 amiable 1 incipient 1 vats 1 surveyor 1 flirtatious 1 excursions - no 1 out - she 1 unconscious 1 boded 1 exact 1 child - and 1 strands 1 juices 1 divorced 1 punch 1 blue - streaked 1 electricity 1 gorge 1 hefted 1 noxious 1 san 1 ohh 1 mars 1 spilled 1 seized 1 memorabilia 1 prowling 1 focused 1 quick 1 peeling 1 hellion 1 transferring 1 poet 1 ripped 1 possibility 1 artificiality 1 flashlight 1 match 1 suspicious 1 spiritual 1 twilight 1 pilgrimage - on 1 catered 1 series 1 perspiring 1 prickle 1 shatter 1 mounds 1 variety 1 unsteadily 1 nervous 1 bubble 1 chills 1 hostile 1 abandoning 1 uphill 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 travails 1 refused 1 carl 1 alcoholism 1 jumpy 1 lifestyle 1 bodies 1 tab 1 bone - white 1 original 1 seldom 1 she 'll 1 jamb 1 aloofness 1 brick 1 seventieth 1 pit 1 destroyed 1 embedded 1 quiescent 1 temp 1 wan 1 shaken 1 tricks 1 breathy 1 tinny 1 relive 1 straddle - legged 1 second - guessing 1 trail 1 provincial 1 confide 1 getting 's 1 middle - income 1 chicken 1 roiled 1 decked 1 introduced 1 addled 1 snoring 1 withdraw 1 hosted 1 shit 1 periodically 1 sour - mel 1 1982 1 kicked 1 slaughterhouse 1 letters 1 squeal 1 features 1 pleasantries 1 fortunate 1 physiognomies 1 inches 1 blankenship 1 preceded 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 determined 1 yonder 1 relish 1 deepest 1 conditioner 1 tattooed 1 intestines 1 goodnight 1 zone 1 grandfather 's 1 visualized 1 personally 1 five - year - old 1 mice 1 sparks 1 stab 1 superior 1 rained 1 dropping 1 appraised 1 roads 1 miss 1 pride 1 reach 1 bowls 1 purely 1 funded 1 reliable 1 neatly 1 scarcely 1 chocolates 1 gravitas 1 particular 1 discern 1 9 1 vanguard 1 glaring 1 el 1 manitou 1 chapter 1 ances 1 implacably 1 blend 1 was - poor 1 surgeon 1 traditional 1 fishy 1 fears 1 follow 1 11 1 continued 1 endless 1 approving 1 ecological 1 chasing 1 queued 1 smudges 1 bravado 1 prints 1 snicker 1 glittery 1 friday 1 abduction 1 sly 's 1 wonder- 1 soundings 1 fed 1 camouflage 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wha - a - t 1 chuckles 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 unease 1 leech 1 corona 1 day 's 1 stumbled 1 circling 1 chest 1 wondering 1 ganja 1 months- 1 mush 1 sensible 1 slumped 1 ascended 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 repeat 1 screwing 1 jerks 1 wave 1 victims 1 eternal 1 putting 1 hissing 1 protect 1 penitence 1 herself 1 underneath 1 amateur 1 agency 1 indebted 1 gibbering 1 comfort 1 mixer 1 subtly 1 unseen 1 come - on 1 muggers 1 thud 1 steep 1 burst 1 ethel 's 1 ammonia 1 dorm 1 pal 1 innocent 1 as- 1 che 1 incidents 1 grottos 1 nose 1 prospects 1 unscrewed 1 outgrabe 1 illuminated 1 gentlemen 1 impatience 1 own - and 1 delusional 1 miller 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 invasion 1 couples 1 slugger 1 trembled 1 cutting 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 calls 1 visitor - call 1 fields 1 jeez 1 lashed 1 know - two 1 civilization 's 1 spacious 1 fright 1 special 1 stores 1 bruises 1 sundew 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 s 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 changed 1 ruefully 1 shed 1 cloudy 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ziggurats 1 actors 1 weekends 1 disconsolate 1 plaster 1 traveling 1 sober 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 hiss 1 half - crouched 1 hullo 1 hiker 1 discoveries 1 doorknobs 1 overnight 1 beat 1 cooler 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 indignities 1 wednesday 1 colleagues 1 intent 1 marks 1 handy 1 mome 1 bookshops 1 insides 1 eager 1 sake 1 dwelled 1 exquisitely 1 standby 1 announced 1 choir 1 insufferable 1 postmark 1 material 1 repulsed 1 heed 1 griping 1 amazing 1 men ' 1 grillwork 1 blob 1 bole 1 fence 1 depressingly 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 roof 1 parked 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tops 1 migration 1 3 1 venture 1 timeless 1 groans 1 inspection 1 storm 1 delivered 1 dismissal 1 parking 1 shapes 1 soup 1 punctured 1 horn 1 betters 1 treaty 1 yawned 1 winter 1 amniotic 1 silently 1 explained 1 confident 1 beds 1 iii 1 insane 1 slither 1 shocked 1 freaked 1 ungainly 1 you - no 1 cackle 1 bellicose 1 subscription 1 oasis 1 shrank 1 14 1 begged 1 mischievous 1 overripe 1 basket 1 hooked 1 bouquet 1 imposter 1 recorded 1 screaming 1 robot 1 blind 1 desks 1 peephole - she 1 scuttling 1 lesser - known 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 accomplishment 1 disappointing 1 perilously 1 inlet 1 caked 1 tomb 1 remainder 1 james 1 awarded 1 reasonable 1 frankly 1 calendar 1 luxuriating 1 penchant 1 slimy 1 forests 1 sparked 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 pop 's 1 making 1 fulfilled 1 matches 1 figurines 1 camps 1 thickness 1 cleared 1 axis 1 father 's 1 appalachian 1 swim 1 muggy 1 kiddo 1 overlong 1 thickets 1 grandma 1 flat 1 slime 1 plenty 1 annoyed 1 misty 1 guzzle 1 senior 1 spooled 1 behavior 1 dislocation 1 chatted 1 afterthought 1 da 1 toughs 1 file 1 dignity 1 degrees 1 starch 1 pissed - i 1 vodka 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 chivvied 1 semi - hypnosis 1 creaked 1 received 1 valium 1 hi 1 devise 1 earthman 1 slice 1 fbi 1 deserted 1 circle 1 cooperation 1 cuffs 1 melvin 1 fate 1 over - head 1 customs 1 glimmered 1 getaway 1 everywhere 1 snatch 1 mitt 1 seventy - two 1 uh 1 palm 1 rammed 1 august 1 guant 1 flying 1 children - unfortunately 1 scraped 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 bane 1 odor 1 lobbyists 1 choose 1 tip 1 hypothermia 1 movies 1 fondness 1 chewed 1 mob 1 indulged 1 eat 1 legends 1 liked 1 robes 1 adams 1 helplessness 1 defeated 1 ansel 1 handed 1 mist 1 queenly 1 lush 1 fancifully 1 barton 1 halfway 1 dribbled 1 squeezed 1 harriet 1 cultural 1 terrestrial 1 vermiculate 1 reassuring 1 habit 1 transfixed 1 suffering 1 bury 1 busy 1 disliked 1 wives 1 brush 1 aspect 1 teens 1 kinds 1 sardonically 1 rooting 1 killingly 1 househusband 1 barnacles - a 1 beastly 1 sighed 1 seasonally 1 phantoms 1 brimstone 1 gnaw 1 settled 1 riveted 1 career 1 ordered 1 rapidly 1 preparing 1 wenbr 1 swipe 1 uninterested 1 ventriloquism 1 elevators 1 fans 1 shift 1 dash 1 healthy 1 immortals 1 bat 1 mid - tune 1 studying 1 destruction 1 ties 1 dessert 1 banana 1 pits 1 carpet 1 phone- 1 reef 1 hackles 1 lipstick 1 tumwater 1 frame 's 1 lit 1 contortionist 's 1 ter 1 staking 1 becomes 1 american 1 ironically 1 posh 1 bothers 1 chuckling 1 abyssal 1 dashing 1 some - thing 1 hideously 1 cliffs 1 involved 1 torments 1 speechless 1 blurred 1 whispering - he 1 magma 1 investigator 1 boys 1 confined 1 person - sing 1 runs 1 sporting 1 eggshell 1 warehouses 1 spilling 1 forty - something - she 1 honeydew 1 originated 1 chords 1 ruffians 1 sucked 1 ship 1 discovered 1 tapered 1 bookshelf 1 sweltering 1 questioning 1 powerful 1 rum 1 obligatory 1 curb 1 salary 1 impending 1 probing 1 loved 1 clangs 1 potted 1 sucking 1 jimmy 's 1 unpacked 1 consultant 1 write 1 guide 1 scouring 1 washington 1 legislature 1 abutted 1 alkaline 1 inscrutable 1 schoolboy 1 worse 1 denver 1 drooling 1 mutton 1 pilates 1 reports 1 gulley 1 laid 1 ye 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 silhouetted 1 fluttering 1 bulletproof 1 recent 1 so - called 1 bric - a - brac - and 1 concentrated 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 scraping 1 bolt 1 tenant 1 sharp 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 semi - deserted 1 menagerie 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 photo - graphs 1 accomplished 1 wrestling 1 butcher 1 unhappily 1 napkins 1 surfaced 1 grizzlies 1 warranted 1 cyclones 1 cassock 1 denizens 1 depressing 1 screwed 1 weakness 1 world 1 tinfoil 1 greatest 1 slow - two 1 customary 1 murder 1 demesne 1 breach 1 hurry 1 niche 1 pragmatist 1 fern 1 form 1 rough - hewn 1 phil 1 traveled 1 incredulous 1 gaze 1 throng 1 smooth 1 subconscious 1 i - this 1 annual 1 vanished 1 1989 1 ribs 1 savagery 1 possessed 1 priest 1 flights 1 costs 1 various 1 wilted 1 survivor 's 1 intruding 1 obsession 1 imagining 1 devoid 1 walls 1 may 1 suckled 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 paternally 1 gravel 1 installed 1 attached 1 wrists 1 peril 1 23 1 glances 1 holly - style 1 apartment - the 1 relieved 1 hyper - reality 1 convention 1 ah 1 creep 1 blocks 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 curling 1 suit - nothing 1 income 1 hesitated 1 glisten 1 casual 1 walk 1 manage 1 casualness 1 knock 1 eel 1 desisted 1 precariously 1 surely 1 flickering 1 effected 1 clicked 1 relevance 1 leaking 1 summoned 1 quivering 1 reds 1 frankie 's 1 fluctuations 1 incalculable 1 miserably 1 resist 1 kindly 1 terry - creature 1 interrogation 1 oxygen 1 included 1 tape 1 despaired 1 loveseat 1 rot 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 terrorize 1 winds 1 admit 1 munched 1 wired 1 bled 1 lied 1 nightclubs 1 pyramids 1 scents 1 largely 1 fallen 1 weeknights 1 albeit 1 meet - your - cute - neighbor 1 anger 1 crashed 1 stinging 1 tubes 1 pay 1 historical 1 wary 's 1 abscess 1 lord - are 1 shot 1 tension 1 studiousness 1 courtship 1 exhaustion 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 papers 1 rush 1 stronger 1 rustic 1 advancing 1 trespassers 1 broom 1 lizard 1 socialite 1 bother 1 sir 1 button - up 1 based 1 ruined 1 dial 1 sixty - seven 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 packed 1 ballroom 1 meaning 1 nut 1 pain 1 piled 1 chivvy 1 shape 1 degree 1 foresight 1 wasteland 1 politicians 1 illuminating 1 lamented 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 inkling 1 l 1 atm 1 successfully 1 ducts 1 16 1 existed 1 member 1 waves 1 computer 1 punching 1 delectable 1 orderly 1 malcontents 1 shortly 1 scram 1 nestle 1 handsome 1 1958 1 twice 1 u 1 cracking 1 hyperventilating 1 that- 1 raths 1 hurtin ' 1 flies 1 marshmallows 1 midnight 1 cry 1 mouthful 1 breaks 1 filled 1 weasel 1 dying 1 mustache 1 groping 1 beatings 1 imitation 1 ken 1 move- 1 burnt 1 buddy 1 suddenly 1 consented 1 politely 1 well - dressed 1 swirl 1 writhed 1 lightning 1 pop - let 1 separation 1 lust 1 corners 1 math 1 boom 1 underworld 1 turtlenecks 1 useful 1 mud 1 winked 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 pushing 1 throat 1 sufficiently 1 band 1 posturing 1 sealed 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 charm 1 arrayed 1 switched 1 nameless 1 lamp 1 malign 1 takeoff 1 confronted 1 overseas 1 trappings 1 drawer 1 bonfires 1 jaded 1 dropcloth 1 tidy 1 shiny 1 dried 1 alien 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 distant 1 rambunctious 1 sundown 1 suspended 1 late - night 1 transmitting 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 threatened 1 periodic 1 droopy 1 typical 1 safe 1 luminescent 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 ice 1 hibernation 1 fitful 1 schlepping 1 ignorance 1 pointed 1 softened 1 searching 1 message 1 suburbanite 1 belly 1 began 1 whisper 1 downpour 1 frailties 1 idiot 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 pelted 1 dashed 1 freezer 1 creep - infested 1 perform 1 shoveled 1 treetops 1 excursions 1 gift 1 dresses 1 stranger 's 1 curiosity 1 planets 1 aging 1 taste 1 dictated 1 miasma 1 medium 1 root 1 kissing 1 puffy 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 perhaps 1 burns 1 blindly 1 captors 1 credible 1 jumping 1 jointed 1 voice- 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 placing 1 townhouse 1 forget 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 absent 1 clapped 1 showered 1 tightwad 1 cookies 1 eyeing 1 4 1 belongs 1 drifting 1 recorder - pershing 1 noise 1 thinker 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 humanoid 1 robed 1 temperate 1 cable 1 thin - he 1 cozy 1 air - conditioned 1 flapping 1 matters 1 open - heart 1 slack 1 seams 1 studied 1 incredible 1 access 1 panama 1 land 1 churned 1 guts 1 lots 1 toothbrush 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 shouted 1 type 1 upright 1 hauled 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 ended 1 nilson 1 fortean 1 northerly 1 security - conscious 1 nervousness 1 simultaneously 1 memos 1 regardless 1 stepfather 1 jungle 1 faced 1 curl 1 houston 1 rendezvous 1 doubtless 1 front 1 measuring 1 pitchers 1 asking 1 week - hid 1 crinkled 1 bunch 1 12 1 moment - he 1 china 1 noise - which 1 exoskeletons 1 stoicism 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 flown 1 occasionally 1 twitchier 1 foulness 1 contact 1 holy 1 beaches 1 rolexes 1 mention 1 something - someone - watching 1 him - self 1 river 1 products 1 hunted 1 pace 1 jet 1 chick 1 frequently 1 poor 1 smiling 1 sickos 1 waking 1 tea 1 ouster 1 four - star 1 johnny 1 sweeping 1 fostered 1 build 1 magician 1 cottage - style 1 navigate 1 hip 1 proposed 1 done - in 1 drenched 1 known 1 peek 1 atop 1 mug 1 visits 1 ham 1 trudged 1 sneering 1 hammered 1 testicles 1 cloves 1 dizzy 1 turkey 1 fungi 1 mossy 1 bickered 1 walton 's 1 perception 1 crooked 1 slug 1 clusters 1 silver - sly 1 reminding 1 salad 1 stunned 1 someone 's 1 ankles 1 four - piece 1 croaked 1 impressed 1 towed 1 quarters 1 clich 1 at - an 1 giant 1 yelm 1 limber 1 deceit 1 immortality 1 offspring 1 fewer 1 dais 1 reflexive 1 lunch 1 metamorphosed 1 sconces 1 laugh 1 spiked 1 sentience 1 tale 1 sickly 1 bloomed 1 remarked 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 reception 1 substance 1 claim 1 shines 1 infuriated 1 mansion 1 bore 1 ecclesiastical 1 plants 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 downed 1 shrubbery 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 needling 1 grip 1 lurking 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 cloister 1 physician 1 sue 1 unless 1 spun 1 5 1 complete 1 porcelain 1 mortified 1 understaffed 1 flowers 1 mates 1 pants 1 chilled 1 wife- 1 hollows 1 agree 1 wood 1 misfit 1 diffuse 1 frozen 1 inebriated 1 encountered 1 cases 1 temporary 1 chosen 1 equally 1 stammer 1 inhaled 1 rental 1 comprehend 1 warned 1 mock 1 waving 1 trait 1 deadbolt 1 blades 1 nailed 1 raining 1 boulders 1 cramped 1 60s 1 wobble 1 steel 1 laborious 1 magnified 1 warnings 1 contract 1 cheerily 1 gasping 1 duct 1 significant 1 extended 1 interlaced 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 mask 1 blinked 1 height 1 malfunctioning - condensation 1 shoved 1 howled 1 snooper 1 disappear 1 lever 1 gestured 1 comes 1 deity 1 half - empty 1 paused 1 opposite 1 slope 1 midday 1 boiler 1 listening 1 interminable 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 tormentors 1 fanned 1 fairly 1 arrival 1 honey 1 snickered 1 disagreed 1 beast 1 caught 1 organizing 1 region 1 according 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 sour 1 predicted 1 weary 1 replied 1 re - creation 1 hapless 1 language 1 aura 1 damaging 1 camino 1 snake 1 fiber - optic 1 earshot 1 emotional 1 assured 1 radiation 1 heaps 1 winding 1 clean 1 main 1 mantel 1 conferences 1 drive 1 broadly 1 13 1 mail 1 soiled 1 relics 1 drained 1 smattering 1 berkeley 1 somewhere 1 deep - sea 1 date 1 concerned 1 toil 1 autumn 1 vending 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 absolut 1 roaches 1 sometime 1 inward 1 basement 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 mirror 1 month 1 float 1 griffey 1 doomed 1 wilds 1 appears 1 policy 1 shampoo 1 neighbors 1 seek- 1 fist 1 uniformed 1 brand 1 snugged 1 readings 1 explain 1 sky 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 brass 1 squirming 1 plucking 1 underbrush 1 measured 1 cheery 1 imminent 1 shuttered 1 shot - a 1 droop 1 invaded 1 mornings 1 survive 1 shirts 1 bearable 1 buzzed 1 unchanged 1 af- 1 proper 1 warmed 1 seam 1 places 1 slight 1 midwest 1 ago 1 agonies 1 haze 1 mistake 1 doncha 1 safely 1 coveralls 1 crack 1 crude 1 coiffed 1 tunnels 1 machete 1 caliber 1 heighten 1 lounge 1 dark - haired 1 animal 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 photo 1 lesser 1 circles 1 opaque 1 ringing 1 canned 1 associates 1 chill 1 claiming 1 deco 1 goods 1 east 1 hotter 1 roar 1 games 1 cornered 1 realm 1 crawled 1 art 1 screeches 1 half - hearted 1 truly 1 months ' 1 feelings 1 flag 1 911 1 apartments 1 foolish 1 understood 1 campers 1 sixty - nine 1 papered 1 seat 1 thick 1 lutheran 1 gear 1 protestations 1 dispatcher 1 shame 1 clay - ton 1 wedge 1 wandering 1 mugged 1 assimilation 1 pistol 1 deck 1 civilization 1 toadstools 1 currently 1 deepened 1 malevolent 1 creepos 1 mini - cameras 1 vertebra 1 signs 1 frankie 1 aside 1 added 1 guppies 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 provided 1 contracting 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gulped 1 sidewalk 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 bulk 1 bones 1 monitor 1 spine 1 coomb 1 parlors 1 shears 1 force 1 trembling 1 measure 1 deform 1 damnable 1 threats 1 shove 1 history 1 perfume 1 seems 1 observing 1 awake 1 louisville 1 renovations 1 exquisite 1 sooty 1 swaying 1 recognition 1 buddies 1 impress 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 swing 1 generation 1 1979 1 radiance 1 ginsberg 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 receded 1 plate 1 sip 1 yell 1 wishes 1 bushy 1 sixty 1 croaks 1 consolation 1 hollow 1 full - blown 1 olympia 's 1 informing 1 rosary 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 propagate 1 thinking 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 juice 1 legs 1 answering 1 moderate 1 beings 1 days ' 1 navy 1 engineering 1 skyline 1 keepsakes - snapshots 1 leg 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 garden - party - throwing 1 counts 1 tagged 1 bowels 1 terror 1 shells 1 weirdo 1 tarot 1 docks 1 technologies 1 maneuvers 1 bastards 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 conducted 1 grind 1 accentuated 1 swirling 1 images 1 service 1 escaping 1 forever 1 tones 1 buoyed 1 horror 1 uprooted 1 6 1 penetrate 1 thrillers 1 settings 1 sprang 1 outta 1 gargantuan 1 leaden 1 percy 's 1 hour 's 1 pillow 1 subscribe 1 course - also 1 wish 1 promise 1 shredded 1 void 1 wormed 1 clientele 1 sighing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 visitation 1 prowler 1 icecaps 1 melancholy 1 tough 1 reality 1 dreamt 1 pieces 1 prowled 1 carton 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 mush - rooms 1 recognized 1 of- 1 sublime 1 folding 1 doubt 1 block 1 grow 1 squeeze 1 edgy 1 heck 1 muscle 1 outer 1 mission 1 employee 1 chums 1 estimated 1 bounced 1 rabid 1 year 1 caressed 1 embarrassment 1 sprawled 1 delighted 1 among 1 wooded 1 epoxy 1 photos 1 moist 1 stride 1 shawl 1 idiotically 1 refined 1 golf 1 jose 1 knuckle 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 filthy 1 ratty 1 proportion 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 half - dozen 1 electromagnetic 1 mimicked 1 cover 1 par - ties 1 migrated 1 covering 1 bucko - we ' ve 1 some - times 1 footprints 1 average 1 ernest 1 warning 1 cuddled 1 hunters 1 gracious 1 cause 1 tore 1 moon 1 odds 1 sewage 1 beefy 1 status 1 internally 1 ufo 1 unfold 1 clever 1 tight 1 signed 1 sniveling 1 were n't 1 mica 1 stairs 1 popular 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 crackpot 1 hobs 1 handle 1 irate 1 olympic 1 eh 1 equipment 1 paced 1 sergeant 's 1 indeed 1 cannery 1 coincidence 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 curtains 1 brood 1 recovered 1 retired 1 bowed 1 christmases 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 knows - perhaps 1 bear 1 waitresses 1 play - by - play 1 converted 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 tramped 1 suit 1 primeval 1 reserved 1 resident 1 wiser 1 tacoma 1 elementary 1 sans 1 superstitious 1 listener 1 worlds 1 prayers 1 lunatic 1 due 1 argued 1 cautionary 1 agnostic 1 amusing 1 toes 1 sub - basement 1 coldness 1 frames 1 catcher 's 1 flows 1 kilter 1 elongated 1 suited 1 vacation 1 prominently 1 intensity 1 raw 1 diabolic 1 hoot 1 ya 1 grate 1 similar 1 peninsula 1 cloth 1 bits 1 doorframe 1 flowed 1 francisco 1 summer 1 barked 1 waste 1 push 1 hold 1 homesteads 1 beamed 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 populated 1 resonated 1 friends - did n't 1 disappointment 1 tremblay 1 labor 1 bags 1 license 1 sons 1 explanation 1 disguise 1 seven - floor 1 tracks 1 paranoid 1 goosed 1 7 1 larger 1 loose 1 suppressed 1 parkas 1 predicament 1 gloaming 1 uptight 1 impressive 1 sneaky 1 night 's 1 theorized 1 mourning 1 pissed 1 raised 1 jangled 1 blue - tinged 1 ticked 1 den 1 ass 1 professor - and 1 outdoorsmen 1 hike 1 undefined 1 amazement 1 unbecoming 1 haircuts 1 rack 1 separate 1 metastasize 1 dwindled 1 waddell 1 grandmother 1 diatribes 1 space 1 testament 1 librarian 1 parts 1 hollywood 1 wonderland 1 corporation 1 kooks 1 wedged 1 clinked 1 savage 1 fake 1 incident 1 influenced 1 girly 1 reeked 1 heineken 1 orbits 1 gentlemanly 1 continuing 1 re - move 1 relished 1 half - dead 1 ill - concealed 1 eyelids 1 supine 1 squat 1 circulation 1 manic 1 women 1 guevara - loving 1 am 1 public 1 there 'll 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 yelling 1 stale 1 vile 1 fully 1 grotto 1 propped - up 1 ruffled 1 flap 1 oddly 1 patiently 1 cynic 1 skating 1 lulled 1 screwdriver 1 anthony 's 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 uncoiling 1 hysteria 1 checking 1 downhill 1 able 1 style 1 signal 1 tighten 1 eavesdropping 1 ing 1 ranches 1 seventh - inning 1 swung 1 celebrities 1 wan- 1 segued 1 crates 1 entrenchment 1 peeked 1 ushered 1 fred 1 upper 1 creak 1 wooden 1 bart 1 hallucinating 1 outhouse 1 twigs 1 lethargic 1 pill 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 freedom 1 noon 1 commanded 1 chanted 1 unable 1 dude 1 faculties 1 spitting 1 alive 1 prohibited 1 jihadist 1 shushing 1 species 1 gentry 1 intestine 1 crash 1 remedy 1 tongue 1 wants 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 mike 1 outcroppings 1 waddel 1 stream 1 justice 1 echoed 1 woefully 1 horridly 1 shushed 1 pools 1 store 1 response 1 lair 1 seeping 1 weird 1 trips 1 ranting 1 skills 1 stabbings 1 tiny 1 fillings 1 prefer 1 70s 1 walking 1 altogether 1 bank 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 trio 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 perfectly 1 bumping 1 straightened 1 occurring 1 inconceivable 1 borrow 1 adaptations 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 frequency 1 grill 1 squirmed 1 management 1 namo 1 oven 1 rude 1 beaming 1 broad 1 shore 1 muddy 1 longer 1 jogged 1 surprising 1 scores 1 grandfather 1 tilting 1 steps 1 expanding 1 limp 1 woman 's 1 wander 1 ground 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 laboring 1 coast 1 argue 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 wordless 1 malice 1 no - freaking - body 1 cubicles 1 idealist 1 roasting 1 stark 1 drying 1 clouded 1 fashion 1 believe 1 otherwise 1 evilly 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 flee 1 should ' ve 1 too - frequent 1 generations- 1 grotesque 1 hangdog 1 rushed 1 twenty - first 1 scratched 1 firelight 1 well - dresses 1 child 's 1 mode 1 creepy 1 rooted 1 secure 1 winced 1 garble 1 inflict 1 useless 1 shall 1 further 1 happily 1 messages 1 albums 1 gusts 1 scribbled 1 stubbornness 1 door - way 1 roses 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 sold 1 puppets 1 step 1 smithsonian 1 calmness 1 nudge 1 winded 1 neglect 1 charged 1 hikers 1 suites 1 entrails 1 objects 1 unknown 1 machine 1 seniors 1 crowded 1 cried 1 point 1 absentee 1 secretiveness 1 gained 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 pinned 1 marched 1 youth - clean - shaven 1 trap 1 ingles 1 pastureland 1 bibliophile 1 pull 1 gait 1 clumsy 1 perforce 1 briefly 1 toolbox 1 ganglia 1 color 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 locked 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 staring 1 scalded 1 distanced 1 ether 1 mariners 1 belongings 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 c 1 shelf 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 palpable 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 herd 1 inevitable 1 revert 1 turbines 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 baggy 1 pierced 1 purple - black 1 screams 1 minute 1 cigarette 1 quo 1 unspeakable 1 merlot 1 kettle 1 mooning 1 neanderthal 1 lose 1 spoken 1 vain 1 pause 1 skyward 1 courage 1 gramps 1 warmup 1 sunday 1 nagging 1 holocaust 1 starless 1 owners 1 granite 1 inherent 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 accumulation 1 toothless 1 logging 1 videos 1 present 1 ape 1 large - hearted 1 imitated 1 apparition 1 unceremonious 1 proverbial 1 wherever 1 shrieked 1 guys - i ' m 1 relaxed 1 joined 1 bathed 1 waiter 1 ate 1 lured 1 cupped 1 rankled 1 driving 1 restore 1 supposed 1 mad- 1 shops 1 barbequing 1 gradually 1 ca n't 1 24 1 century 1 robinson 1 agreed 1 diaspora 1 utter 1 colliding 1 crank 1 fooled 1 quoted 1 club 1 gently 1 jelly 1 prepared 1 promptly 1 awaiting 1 seem 1 blackest 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 section 1 estimates 1 sunset 1 invisible 1 cleveland 1 spending 1 tunnel 1 shingle 1 street 1 landlord 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 vocal 1 acting 1 social 1 raise 1 bloom 1 histories 1 blacked 1 lines 1 doses 1 safety 1 retreat 1 waterproof 1 recliner 1 susurration 1 hotel 's 1 chance 1 scoop 1 obscenities 1 millions 1 favored 1 detective 's 1 buried 1 true - that 1 armpit 1 camped 1 facelifts 1 from- 1 dimmed 1 protocol 1 substitute 1 foliage 1 swivel 1 crab - walked 1 intelligent 1 anderson 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 searing 1 avoided 1 nauseated 1 bedrooms - naked 1 hopped 1 blackness 1 folk 1 foundation 1 swanky 1 shake 1 jacket 1 drop 1 ridge 1 football 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 bloomers 1 services 1 party 1 notepad 1 live 1 tepid 1 counter 1 sergeant 1 automaton 1 adaptable 1 twenty - sixth 1 lecher 1 culprits 1 squelching 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 sentient 1 leap 1 laughed - that 1 jr 1 team 1 1918 1 hallucinated 1 microphones 1 demonstrated 1 destroy 1 six - pack 928 .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
i love books that make me think , that distort reality and make you look at it from beyond the back door of your expectations , books that are like escher lithographs and as detailed and strange as a journey through bosch 's garden .
why do nt you go down to the garden and bask in the sunshine for awhile , hmm ?
we left the kitchen through the back door and found ourselves in the old womans garden .
she was quiet then , and out there in the garden , in the sunshine , with the birds chirping and the wind blowing a little breeze , everything seemed almost normal again .
kristin and i did nt talk about what happened out in the garden , and i thought that was probably for the best .
then i slipped into the garden .
the garden was deserted , except for a little frog , squatting on the bench where kristin had bit me .
cedar park had the largest estates on the island , but even the most massive , was dwarfed by conway gardens , which sat at the crest of the foothill , like an idol looking down from the peak of a mountain .
while jon had made it his mission to leave cedar park behind as soon as he could , his older brother , warren jr . , was still sucking on the family tit , living with his wife , melinda , and their daughter , anastasia , at the gardens .
jon could feel his blood boil , like it always did within an hour of stepping foot inside conway gardens .
jon turned the engine , pulled the car from the garage , then left conway gardens , waving to a smiling carl on his way past the gates .
the gardens were situated on the slope between the wall and the inner stockade .
the seven arched gates of that garden , each having over it a carven face like those on the citys gates , are always open , and the people roam reverently at will down the tiled paths and through the little lanes lined with grotesque termini and the shrines of modest gods .
when the deep clang from the temple belfry shivers over the garden and the city , and the answer of the horns and viols and voices peals out from the seven lodges by the garden gates , there issue from the seven doors of the temple long columns of masked and hooded priests in black , bearing at arms length before them great golden bowls from which a curious steam rises .
when the deep clang from the temple belfry shivers over the garden and the city , and the answer of the horns and viols and voices peals out from the seven lodges by the garden gates , there issue from the seven doors of the temple long columns of masked and hooded priests in black , bearing at arms length before them great golden bowls from which a curious steam rises .
when the last of them had vanished he left that garden , noting as he did so a spot on the pavement over which the bowls had passed .
always ahead loomed those titan walls , mighty buttresses , and clustered and bulbous domes for which the veiled kings palace is famous ; and at length they passed under a great black arch and emerged in the gardens of the monarchs pleasure .
moments later they were in a cab , pulling away from the house as miranda looked back up the stretch of garden that surrounded the front path at the head of which malachi stood .
the side garden area where he could press back into the bushes at night and because of the light from the inside , he could watch her in the kitchen or part of the lounge room .
the strongest of them went back to her sitting in a rocking chair , shawl draped across her shoulders and breaking green beans fresh from the garden .
somehow , the canned corn and beans ended up tasting like they d just come out of a garden .
so , my dear , we will send her away to smoke the cigarette in the garden , whiles you and i have little talk all to ourselves . '
the escaped wolf perilous adventure of our interviewer interview with the keeper in the zoological gardens after many inquiries and almost as many refusals , and perpetually using the words ' pall mall gazette ' as a sort of talisman , i managed to find the keeper of the section of the zoological gardens in which the wolf department is included .
the escaped wolf perilous adventure of our interviewer interview with the keeper in the zoological gardens after many inquiries and almost as many refusals , and perpetually using the words ' pall mall gazette ' as a sort of talisman , i managed to find the keeper of the section of the zoological gardens in which the wolf department is included .
some sailor may have brought one home , and it managed to escape , or even from the zoological gardens a young one may have got loose , or one be bred there from a vampire .
after the involuntary shrinking consequent on the first nauseous whiff , we one and all set about our work as though that loathsome place were a garden of roses .
thorns will grab your ankles from the gardens that you tend .
hey , dad , he said , waving at his father , who stood with hose in hand , for some reason watering the side garden in the almost - freezing temperatures .
a twig snapped and her head spun in the direction of the trees to the left of the neglected rose garden .
the east garden was isolated and hidden from most people .
mary knelt on the ground on a warm , spring day while planting flowers along a garden that perimetered her backyard .
but many of the preserves are improved to the point of qualifying as botanical gardens with paved , nature trails outlined in beautiful flowers ; countless ponds with lily pads and meditational gardens at the center of flowing creeks .
but many of the preserves are improved to the point of qualifying as botanical gardens with paved , nature trails outlined in beautiful flowers ; countless ponds with lily pads and meditational gardens at the center of flowing creeks .
sara pulled into the mortuary and memorial gardens that sunday morning and drove her car to the area closest to brian 's grave .
eileen went outside below her daughters window in search of any shoeprints in the dirt garden .
i could easily imagine elsie walking through a garden with her shawl pulled across her shoulders berating me for the weeds i d allowed to grow between the vegetables .
i mean they have gardens , but who knows what they are able to grow and in what quantity ?
we are all that remains of our society and like our gardens , we root out the weeds .
you will work the gardens during the day and guard duty on the south wall at night .
i have to take you to the gardens , and you young man , i believe you have a class to attend .
he led me out through several buildings to a big house , the garden .
the garden resembled a football field in size .
the greenhouse garden was against one of the far walls and at the base of the other , an outdoor garden .
the greenhouse garden was against one of the far walls and at the base of the other , an outdoor garden .
i ate part of the meal and returned with her to the garden .
i dropped the hoe and high tailed it out of the garden .
i sprinted from the gardens toward the center building .
next time , go to the back of the garden , the bathrooms there work nicely .
they had two gardens and plenty of people .
row after row of terraced houses made up the estate , with little or no garden to brighten the layout .
tenjack tended the goat , the chickens , and the farm , several small vegetable gardens he had planted in fertile locations with unblocked exposure to the southern sky .
all golden and lovely it blazed in the sunset , with walls , temples , colonnades and arched bridges of veined marble , silver - basined fountains of prismatic spray in broad squares and perfumed gardens , and wide streets marching between delicate trees and blossom - laden urns and ivory statues in gleaming rows ; while on steep northward slopes climbed tiers of red roofs and old peaked gables harbouring little lanes of grassy cobbles .
she saw slip past her the glorious lands and cities of which a fellow - dreamer of earth - a lighthouse - keeper in ancient kingsport - had often discoursed in the old days , and recognized the templed terraces of zak , abode of forgotten dreams ; the spires of infamous thalarion , that daemon - city of a thousand wonders where the eidolon lathi reigns ; the charnel gardens of zura , land of pleasures unattained , and the twin headlands of crystal , meeting above in a resplendent arch , which guard the harbour of sona - nyl , blessed land of fancy .
landward beyond the walls lies the farm country , where small white cottages dream between little hills , and narrow roads with many stone bridges wind gracefully among streams and gardens .
then rose the gentle hills behind the town , with their groves and gardens of asphodels and the small shrines and cottages upon them ; and far in the background the purple ridge of the tanarians , potent and mystical , behind which lay forbidden ways into the waking world and toward other regions of dream .
and carter walked up the shady path between trees as near as possible to england 's trees , and clumbed the terraces among gardens set out as in king anne 's time .
the seven arched gates of that garden , each having over it a carven face like those on the city 's gates , are always open , and the people roam reverently at will down the tiled paths and through the little lanes lined with grotesque termini and the shrines of modest gods .
when the deep clang from the temple belfry shivers over the garden and the city , and the answer of the horns and viols and voices peals out from the seven lodges by the garden gates , there issue from the seven doors of the temple long columns of masked and hooded priests in black , bearing at arm 's length before them great golden bowls from which a curious steam rises .
when the deep clang from the temple belfry shivers over the garden and the city , and the answer of the horns and viols and voices peals out from the seven lodges by the garden gates , there issue from the seven doors of the temple long columns of masked and hooded priests in black , bearing at arm 's length before them great golden bowls from which a curious steam rises .
when the last of them had vanished she left that garden , noting as she did so a spot on the pavement over which the bowls had passed .
great gardens and columned streets led from the cliffs and from each of the six sphinx - crowned gates to a vast central plaza , and in that plaza was a pair of winged colossal lions guarding the top of a subterrene staircase .
ahead stretched double rows of pillars , and the fragments and pedestals of pillars , that spoke of a broad and bygone street ; and from the urns and basins along the way she knew it had been a great street of gardens .
all through its palaces of veined marble they revel by day , and when the sun sets they go out in the perfumed gardens and watch the golden glory on temples and colonnades , arched bridges and silver - basined fountains , and wide streets with blossom - laden urns and ivory statues in gleaming rows .
scent of the sea and fragrance of the fields ; spell of the dark woods and joy of the orchards and gardens at dawn .
birds sang in hidden gardens and the perfume of trellised vines came wistful from arbours her grandmother had reared .
in the meantime , we ve just been planting a large vegetable garden .
she sits in the gardenmy father made her a beautiful garden .
the room overlooks a magnificent garden .
he went from door to door , skipping the whitehouse home with its boarded windows and overgrown garden , and gathered the townspeople in the old north church .
he passed several extensive well - groomed gardens on his drive as well , and surmised that there was a regular gardener among the young masters staff .
he continued with his foster parents and bloomed in their rude abode , fairer than a garden rose among dark - leaved brambles .
when you read their writings , life appears to consist in a warm sun and a garden of roses , -- in the smiles and frowns of a fair enemy , and the fire that consumes your own heart .
he seemed pleased and went into the garden for some roots and plants , which he placed in water , and then upon the fire .
he afterwards continued his work , whilst the young woman went into the garden and appeared busily employed in digging and pulling up roots .
their nourishment consisted entirely of the vegetables of their garden and the milk of one cow , which gave very little during the winter , when its mistresses could scarcely procure food to support it .
i observed , with pleasure , that she did not go to the forest that day , but spent it in repairing the cottage and cultivating the garden .
at other times she worked in the garden , but as there was little to do in the frosty season , she read to the old woman and agatone .
several new kinds of plants sprang up in the garden , which they dressed ; and these signs of comfort increased daily as the season advanced .
'' do you consider , ' said her companion to her , ' that you will be obliged to pay three months ' rent and to lose the produce of your garden ?
as night advanced i placed a variety of combustibles around the cottage , and after having destroyed every vestige of cultivation in the garden , i waited with forced impatience until the moon had sunk to commence my operations .
table of contents the stories ( ~word count ) cookies , a brownie , and walter ( 4,000 ) a hero ( 700 ) garden of memoirs ( 2,500 ) drawn to copper lake ( 8,000 ) the stranger ( 200 ) someone to watch over me ( 4,000 ) saving mary collins ( 700 ) custody of the chain ( 1,500 ) the rebellious fingers ( 600 ) deliver us to evil ( 2,000 ) sympathy for the son ( 2,000 ) just another day ( 300 ) about the author cookies , a brownie , and walter i ve noticed that the basis of any worthwhile evening news program is horror - the faces of those watching their apartment complex burn like the seventh circle of hell ; sirens screaming in pursuit of a car - jacked minivan with children banging on the back window ; a quiver in a reporters voice , eyes wide , while she describes the heightened security in response to a very credible terroristic threat .
the end garden of memoirs two strangers meet for the first time and there is an instant recognition .
she turned and walked back toward the house on a series of pavers which meandered through her magnificent garden .
arches and trellises supported numerous weaving vines , while ornamental trees , shrubs , and flowers infringed upon the borders of the gardens intermingled walkways .
at the center of the garden , a towering fountain stood which was used to shower the thirsty plants each morning .
shed invested more time than she cared to remember in the creation of her garden .
a gust of wind through the garden brought branches and leaves to life .
maybelle looked to the gray blanketed sky and thought she could smell a storm brewing and that there might not be much time left for her to enjoy her garden today .
maybelle walked a crooked pathway to the white picket fence which wrapped around her garden and home .
she kicked a rock toward the garden but it hit the fence and bounced back .
something within the garden was growing restless as they approached the house .
she bent over and , indifferent to the gardens activity , tore away the vines which held her daughter .
its your damned garden come to life !
with her body lying across the pavers at the front of the house , the garden resumed its attack .
maybelles body still hovered over hannah , protecting her from the garden , but her face slowly twisted in anger .
convulsions overpowered her while she crawled into the garden searching for a bare patch of soil .
instead , hannah was fighting off the garden , clawing her way back to the gate .
the garden needs me .
immediately , the garden began to wither .
maybelle carried her back into the garden and to hannahs horror , the garden was reborn while her body was sapped of what life it had left .
maybelle carried her back into the garden and to hannahs horror , the garden was reborn while her body was sapped of what life it had left .
branches and bushes danced in celebration as the garden blossomed once more .
blood gushed from the open wounds like a pulsating garden hose , draining his blood onto the carpet .
a glass door to the side led out into a small garden area , flanked by a black wooden fence .
i saw an old sprinkler disconnected from a nearby green garden hose running through the brittle grass .
for the most part it was ranch - style houses though , with sprinklers and flower gardens and one or two tasteless lawn ornaments .
we told melanie to take her vices up to the garden .
we got a garden up on the roof , you see , with sculptures and everything .
` ` you said you had a garden on the roof of this building ? ''
the roof garden was really more like a large deck with planters .
the corners of the roof were dominated by abstract sculptures , like you might find in the garden of a country mansion .
with her daughter sitting on the back of the extra - large seat shed had installed , ava drove the garden tractor out of the garage and hooked up the trailer she used to haul stuff around .
she passed the butcher , the smell of death wafting out onto the street , then the bakery with its fresh doughy bread aroma , and then the green grocer with his garden of bright veggies in wooden crates smelling fresh as morning dew .
will you be out in the garden again tomorrow ? ''
that old couple is buried outside now , beyond the garden .
it caught mom out in the garden and , '' i could n't go on .
i was mildly surprised to see how well they had healed , and thought ruefully that i could have been able to work in the gardens today .
it even made me sad knowing that i would never work in those gardens again .
brubaker regretted an eight - inch crystiphyllum superbum ; which he used to have in his garden on sigourney st . gone now , probably .
a pleasant , but fairly small room ; it had a bay window overlooking the back yard , the back fence and the public garden plots which were leased from the city by apartment dwellers .
once the gate was open , bru went through it and hid behind the corner of the garden shed .
so he had to assume that much like adam in the garden of eden , some guy at the winnebago corporation , or maybe some group of guys or a group of guys with one woman sat down in a room at winnebago headquarters and had a meeting about what to call this monstrous sucker of gasoline .
she 'd been walking through the grounds of the great and mystical estate of quinta da regaleira , on a cloudy day , strolling through the lush gardens that are always on the line between scenic and overgrown .
she 'd been walking not far from the initiation well , the stone staircase that descends into the earth , when she stumbled on two plastic garden gnomes .
it smelled even better than the gardens above .
` ` what about that garden gnome ? ''
` ` i smoke ... something ... '' ` ` you ca n't start a fire in the middle of the garden , '' marguerite said .
adelia mellowed once they reached her back garden .
the two plastic gnomes sat on a stone ledge , looking quite natural beside the small garden of peas and potatoes .
there 'll be bits of you in community gardens all over new england . ''
a garden of white petals erupted from where he had stood .
they entered the courtyard , or as their guide called it , ' the garden ' , and immediately their senses were assaulted .
also , brice was overwhelmed with the various scents wafting through the garden .
for several days now brice had been conducting lessons within the garden of the archenon , gathering together daily in a clearing adjacent to the statue of the unpure soldier .
through the angled gap , nathalia saw that lord rafe 's garden was no longer green , but full of dull clad refugees waiting to stuff themselves into the palace .
mostly , the garden was filled with the disabled , the elderly , or with children , hardly any of which could lift a bow , let alone draw an arrow .
yet , there were others walking through the garden as well , their strides smooth , flowing .
she tucked her lithe body into one of the gaps in the wall and looked to the empty garden below .
the enemy has entered the garden !
you / he / she had granted him his / her ardors of young girl , his / her refined persons breasts madreperla , the secret innocence of his / her chaste garden of silk , everything in exchange for his / her love of man , of his / her virility , that would have had to preserve her / it from the injustices of the external world .
he / she did n't know who of the two same above of him to make himself / herself / themselves love more deeply the possible , while the other wound his head with the legs , forcing to taste him / it until after all the nectar of his / her secret garden .
the occultist , to i exhaust him / it of his / her strengths , it forked the great front door that gave on the central spiazzo of the enormous garden of the villa .
except for a couple of houses with small gardens , some cars parked in front of the driveways , and the pylons that rose spectrally , there was nothing around giada .
its owner , a tall and sturdy man , took a lead , went out in the garden and led it into the house , unable to stop it from barking .
june 15 22:50 crouched at the base of the trunk , less than three feet from the collapsed edge , luca had to fight against himself not to jump the metal fence , plunge in the garden of the house and tear to pieces the stupid beast that would not stop barking .
that beast , and for sure police would confirm , must have escaped from the garden of one of those rich men with villas outside rome , who kept tigers and crocodiles by their pools .
he was afraid to do like that time when , playing in the garden of the orphanage , he had raised a rock and found a coiled snake .
for the bitchs part , she was like a snake i had once seen skewered on a garden hoe .
we were drawing into the citys outskirts , made up of houses shy and nervous to take the plunge into apartment blocks ; reluctant to surrender their gardens , however tiny , for balconies and regulated parkland .
trash of ungrateful and deceptive epithets : that with which am more known means '' he who separate '' and have buckled him / it to me , that have tried to gather creator and creature through the pure bite of an apple instead in the garden of the eden !
in the middle of an ample garden , as a star come down by the sky , the villa of ottavio barletti beamed , magnate of the bagged brianzolis .
free from artificial constraints they were assembled in garden as roof the sky and for walls the hedges .
he / she preferred that we went to the gardens of door venice , despite they were on the other side of milan .
it is natural : to our times the gardens were considered of right , the park of left .
then shift on a discounted question : you where you find better yourself , to the gardens or to the park ?
the games in garden did n't stop cheering him / it , the endless baths in swimming pool , coolness ever removed .
miss morisons ghosts directed by john bruce written by ian curtis plot synopsis while strolling through the gardens at versailles palace in france , circa 1901 , two british tourists believe they ve spotted the ghost of marie antoinette .
some of them had been put to work , tending gardens and stacking merchandise , while others were left to act out poor facsimiles of the lives they must once have led .
she lined the bottom with rocks , and added a layer of sand from the garden path ( down which peter had carried her , drunk and giggling , on their wedding night ) .
there was little enough to do , at first , but when she started looking she found things shed let slide : the cluttered toolshed , her indoor garden , the frayed hems of her clothing .
she stood for hours in her snow - covered garden , shifting and shivering as the lights went out in all her neighbors houses .
the garden spade rested on his meaty shoulder .
then i hear something hitting the pavement that sounds like a garden hose squirting water , and that 's when i could n't stand it any longer .
god , i need some sleep , he thought while trying to envision bright beautiful sweetly fragrant flowers in a garden .
picking the george washington window , elias smashed his fist through the leaded surround and ornate glass portrayal of americas greatest president then instantly leapt out through the gap , and after making a safe landing on the soft grass of the whitehouse rose garden , urged his remaining crew of two to follow .
six or seven rounds of fire instantly decimated the manicured gardens surrounding their position before the next barrage of fire had a more direct impact .
he will be delivered to my sepulcher in the garden , he said then .
the house , the garden , the stables , everything i possessed seemed new and yet familiar at the same time .
i waved to him as he crossed the little bridge and turned his horse toward the garden where i sat reading .
but he no longer sat with kalabai in the parrot garden , never rode with her .
they saw and were seen by other exalted at the market fair , the theatre , the bathhouse , and the gardens .
it was only when he d returned to covent garden again , that he realized just how quiet it had gotten ; the paved lines of covent garden itself were eerily deserted , ringing with the sounds of his footsteps .
it was only when he d returned to covent garden again , that he realized just how quiet it had gotten ; the paved lines of covent garden itself were eerily deserted , ringing with the sounds of his footsteps .
he was surrounded by the watchful empty gazes of covent garden buildings , yet the ancient surrounds held little interest for him now .
with the weight of chris head in his lap , tom could nt get away ; he was trapped there , sitting alone in the middle of covent garden with a werewolf laying his lap .
he made no attempt to enter the building ; instead , he made sure that he was alone before he marked his territory in wolf fashion , urinating across the boundaries separating garden from the pavement .
whilst still at the theatre , he heard the news of a body found dumped in a covent garden rubbish bin ; the police were investigating and the early word on the street was that the man had been murdered and beheaded .
two little girls in frilly pastel dresses were posed before a tall garden fountain .
she had passed the same garden park too many times before , so she was finally taking the freedom to enjoy it .
advancing out the north end of the house into a majestic garden , the flora was still fast asleep as a faint of light barely began to brighten the sky .
there was also a garden .
not a nice garden .
he knew the door was there , hidden next to an acorn computer from the late eighties , back when computers had less power than the modern garden gnome .
the garden 's visual effect suffered with proximity .
` ` might be a survivor , signalling , '' stuart called as we ran back through the garden to the foyer .
our two companions had wandered away from the garden , mostly out of curiosity until they spotted us charging from the building .
there 's none near here but some in the garden .
then he led the unicorn out into a small pasture , even though he knew it was actually a garden because pastures were for horses .
looking upward at the dead tree , alec could almost imagine the bountiful garden of life it must have once been .
through cain , we shall all return to the garden .
from the hanging gardens of babylon , to the harems of ismail ibn sharif .
mandy had to talk to her father first , and she told her to wait in the garden .
she looked out over the back garden , but it was n't the garden she was interested in .
the ornamental garden plot behind the stables was first put in by the wife of a stable master three generations ago .
though not as large and sophisticated as the manor garden , it was nonetheless the pride and joy of the house staff , and differel considered it more beautiful .
new abilities kept cropping up , like an untended garden .
i freeze as i watch them them dig their nails into his intestines , pulling them out in one thrust , like ripping weeds from a garden .
like most people of her generation , she had an entire cellar full of canned vegetables from her garden .
that day , he filled a garden cart with canned goods and hauled it up to his house .
someone must have left a garden hose or a sprinkler on .
someone was watering their lawn or garden or washing their car when they got bitten , and the hose has been running ever since .
it hypnotized me and i pictured painting this beautiful girl somewhere in the falls , the historic water gardens in downtown , lake vine , texas .
it was nice in the shade ; this corner of dans garden was already up , the bright green shoots sticking through the ground .
i have something for you ; its down in the garden , so you ll have to haul your butt down there .
fifteen minutes later , i was heading out the back door to the garden when a soft woof met my ears .
dan pointed to the dilapidated chicken coop we d partially knocked down in preparation for a garden .
other than that , plant a garden , grow yourself some food , mend your fences , and keep quiet .
well , i thought that we should make a tally of all the food in the house , plant the garden , and check fences .
9 the next week was spent digging the garden , watering it daily , checking fences , and drinking lots of water to keep our hunger at bay .
worse than that realization , was the fact that we were through half our food storesnot that we had much to begin withand our garden was a long way from producing .
but there were so many things on the list of needed items : candles , seeds for the garden , and canning equipment , just to name a few .
i stomped off toward the backyard and the garden , the sudden urge to kill something leaving me only one option .
three deer stood in my garden neatly pruning every last shoot of a vegetable that had come up in the last week , their ability to jump the fence giving them the edge over the nevermores who also wanted in .
it took him a brief moment , then he was there helping me undress , as i helped him , and we made love in the garden .
the list was simple , any preserves he could carry , batteries , feminine hygiene products , benadryl or other allergy medicineany medicine for that matterbow and arrow set , garden seeds .
i cleaned the house , pulled weeds in the defunct garden , checked fences , pulled water from the well , picked rocks out of the lawn and small pasture , and washed the clothes by hand , hanging them to dry on a makeshift clothesline .
as i drew close nero veered off , running to the garden , his fear of the gate the only thing that would drive him from my side .
the next few days went like the last few weeks had : water , garden , fence checking , splitting wood , wash some clothes and hope they last a while yet , and keep an eye on the gate .
around the back of the house i went , straight to the garden .
they were a long way from edible , but the piss - poor fencing job i d put up around the small garden patch was at least keeping the deer and rabbits out .
he let out a low purr and then pushed me out of the bush and into the garden .
her shoulders are slumping forward and she s shuffling through the garden , toppling over her marigolds and daisies .
then you dig a hole at the bottom of the garden and bury him in it .
after what felt like hours , i turned to face the garden , unable too bear the sight of the infected woman or her shattered son any longer .
the house was fine there was hardly any work to do , but out in the garden , looking out across the fields beyond their fence it could nt compare to the city ; a landscape unmarred by towering , unsightly buildings , streets teeming with noisy traffic , and restless , urgent souls jostling and shoving past with no real purpose , absorbed in their own worlds and deliberately indifferent to all else .
both vegetarians , they managed to grow most of their food in a spacious garden , and made an additional living by selling their produce .
the branches of the trees beyond the fence at the back of the garden swayed and stretched against a bruised sky .
after that , i kept to side roads and the backs of gardens and , half hidden , i watched more people being slaughtered , and i caught glimpses of the deformed faces of the men who wanted us dead .
staying on his knees , he lifted his head just enough to afford him a view of the piece of land behind the tree at the back of the garden .
he dropped toms body in the middle of the garden .
he did nt want to be out in the garden when it started .
we ve got to get into the garden , she insisted , pulling at his arm .
only the pile of rocks on kowins mind was as different from the decorative rocks in the royal gardens as night was from day .
in no particular order , there was godfrys delusion that none of the other mercenaries could see him , his unshakable belief that they were all on holiday in the back of the royal gardens , his undying conviction that someone had stolen all the books from his pack , and last but not least his reoccurring certitude that the forn riverthe source of the leresh and their intended destination in the northwas just over the next rise .
i can remember on one occasion , i had just come in from the gardens for a council meeting , just finished up a good book on growing cheshian wild flowers , i believe , or maybe not , i ca nt recall .
because yesterday in the garden , had nt brine seemed a bit nervous about the leresh mission ?
his whole life was one big cycle of tedious events : checking traps in the garden , arguing at the roundtable , cutting open his experimen the answer came to him in a flash , slamming his brain like a two - story drop from the side of a rock pile .
it reminded him of the flowers from the garden and how they opened to meet the sun , moving with such a dearth of alacrity that they actually appeared not to be moving .
hearing this , brine might have thought he was listening to a couple of intellectuals seated in the royal gardens of castle arn .
brines hand went for the seeing lens at his hip and for one terrifying moment he was five - ages old again , five - ages old and sprinting through the gardens , jaysh and iman jumping up and down behind him and screaming for him to run , screaming for him to run for his life or the skullries would take him .
as the lathians guttural voice broke across the wilderness , the horrible memory of the garden faded and brine relaxed .
his earlier comparison had been made based upon a memory from the awkward days of his youth when an orange tabby came streaking across his path , snatched up a chipmunk from the garden , and carried straight up the nearest tree .
the picture , which brine had shown him and iman one day in the garden , had been of something his brother had called a centaur .
remember the good times we had way back when , back in the days of the garden and the times before the lumpy green wall ?
there were the usual small injections of discord , the little , ugly orange gnome placed centrally in one garden , an unkempt garage an unsightly eyesore for the neighbour across the lane .
it had a big back yard with a swimming pool and lots of little flower gardens , which she loved .
she had gotten some monkey grass to plant all around the borders of the gardens at the back fence .
damp , as if he had just come from a dew strewn morning garden .
tanners muffled shouting seemed to hurt his ears , as he covered them , backing away momentarily , dropping a length of garden hose which hit the floor with a strange heavy thud .
ravensmore has gardens , both flowers and edible things such as vegetables , fruits and herbs .
the lord of the castle had adored him and had a small statue commissioned and placed in the kitchen garden as a memorial .
a hanging garden , buds and blooms fat with fertility , green with health .
someone who , if they were set into the garden , and the snake came upon them , they would never eat , yet never run .
it went like this : they d literally run into each other in the entrance of the szechuan garden .
and then right before i left she pulled me aside , onto a balcony overlooking the king er , i mean a garden , and right there and then she kissed me .
he smelled like a forest no , a wild garden ?
with spring in full bloom , people moved outdoors and concerned themselves with yard work , repairing winters ravages , or starting early gardens .
he did n't think there were vineyards amid the now dead gardens .
at one time , the grounds had been green with an elaborate flower garden on the east side and an equally complex vegetable garden on the west side .
at one time , the grounds had been green with an elaborate flower garden on the east side and an equally complex vegetable garden on the west side .
she dashed into the garden room , but without sun , it was no warmer than other rooms .
well , what should be a garden .
` ` ' the third floor of the west wing is now officially closed , joining the garden room , which was closed about a month ago , and two bedrooms , which were closed a few weeks prior to the garden room .
this leaves the entire west half of the floor frees for my work except , of course , for the garden room .
she is in the garden , angelina said in a bored tone .
do nt you have a tool shed with garden shears or something ?
in this one zombie movie the two guys went into the garden shed and used whatever they found to kill the zombies .
sure enough , when i reached the garden , i could see a tiny figure squirming in the dark .
on this beautiful sunday morning , mary is sitting alone in her garden with a cup of tea in her hand , a bit nervous and a bit apprehensive because in a few minutes her friend celia would be stopping by to take her to church services .
aside from church , her garden was the only true pleasure she had ever really known .
on that day , she spent the morning digging an enormous hole in the corner of her garden .
a drunken old man staggered his way out into the garden .
i d have been buried in the prison graveyard where the posies do nt grow and the dirt is a dry chalk sand in perditions bleak garden .
apparently her best quality involved the ability to suck a golf ball through a garden house as well as slip a condom onto a dick with just her mouth .
on that day she would finally be out on the street with no education and no marketable skill - set , that s unless you counted being able to suck a golf ball through a garden hose , as well as slip a coat of latex over a johnson rod with just her mouth a skill - set .
it kind of put him in mind of edens forbidden tree of knowledge , of gods decree that adam and eve could eat of every tree in the garden except from the tree of good and evil , for on that day they would surely die .
there are gardens and flowers , hedges , and so many birds .
as i lay on the tiled floor , i realized how much i wanted to see the garden .
i turned to the garden , and pretended to take in its details , but i felt consumed by a longing to see father once again .
one morning , still weeks away from delivering me , the servants heard screaming from out in the garden .
my rage instantly cooled , my concentration channeled elsewhere , searching the surrounding garden for the source of the words .
with the tip of my small finger , i traced the outline of each face as if the tactile connection could bring them to me in that garden .
i knew that years had passed since my days in the garden with dr . fabrini .
think think back to the day in the garden as if just remembering it should be there , my fingers went in search of the locket and found it , miraculously , still in place .
after one such outburst , my walks in the gardens were immediately quashed , and weeks later , when i questioned their confinement of me , my door suddenly became locked between treatments .
i had encountered an endless garden and i took my time exploring it , touching , smelling and tasting all that i could , fearless of ridicule or punishment .
reluctantly , shepherd turned to face down the garden path .
he never did the decorating , or built us a tree - fort in the garden .
between the two wings , a large outdoor garden of irises and plum trees was tucked away .
the garden and the nuns quarters and the back of the church all stood just to the other side of this division .
around the edges of the garden , flowers bloomed , and , in the center , a small pond ringed with stones glinted with sunshine fragmented by ripples .
she reflected on how shed probably never see again anything in this convent , the church , the novitiate , the gardens , the plants and trees and all those people she knew .
these caves are their garden of eden , and the flesh they eat , that is their fruit of the tree of good and evil .
i pulled back the curtain , stared out into the back garden and saw the husky lying next to a mans body with its head resting on the mans back .
do nt get too crazy with that thing mark ; i wan na till the garden before dark .
then again out of control in the little town of bludenhale in 1974 meant the occasional call for a drugged and stoned out paranoid teen or the little old lady complaining about the loud cars speeding down her street or the punks passing through her garden at night .
it was her garden of eden ; a place she needed to be for strength and guidance to help her carry her own bloody cross up the mountain .
amy never thought of susan as a typical grandmother ; the kind that wore a red sweater with all sixteen of her grandchildren on it- but more of the kind that likes to smoke virginia slims , and loves her long island ice tea , and plays cards and likes to get her hands dirty while working in the garden .
susan gave her a quick peck on the cheek and said , maybe you can help me pull those weeds out back and then work in the garden .
ashleigh gibbons was laid to rest on a sunny saturday afternoon in a lavishly appointed and beautiful cemetery garden in lexington , full of lush , green trees and colorful flowers , near to the university where her dreams and ambition had lead her , but which she never attended .
there were classic books like jane eyre , wuthering heights , and the secret garden , just to name a few .
i declined because i had a date with my twilight book in the garden today .
chapter 2 , the thing in the garden are you feeling better ?
we 'd planted vegetables in the garden , we 'd turned the house into a castle , we scavenged , we inventoried , we decapitated and we survived .
there is something in the garden i whispered .
we were not warriors before , but have become so through necessity , i have seen him practising this deadly dance in the garden , now implemented with devastating effect .
this one was stick thin , with long bony arms that reminded me of the horror i 'd killed in the back garden at mrs robinsons .
ever now and then gunfire bursts out , sometimes far away , sometimes from the bottom of the garden .
i stagger into the garden .
in the middle of the garden is a dry fountain with a statue of a seraph in the middle .
i search the shadows of the garden , the overgrown bushes and the dying trees .
when i was in the garden running away , i saw a figure and a light at the attic window ?
paul walked a few feet away , bent down , and retrieved a green garden hose .
from their perspective on the narrow road , the beautiful stone and wood two - story mansion was surrounded by acres of mown grass and lush trees and gardens .
enough to make her curse like a sailor when they raided her garden .
he let go and a small fountain of dark , red blood spurted out like a garden hose with no pressure .
much of a garden out the back ? '
' why do n't you and i pop out into the garden , miss shaydes ?
mrs granger went back into the lounge as violet and mrs farmer were coming back from the garden .
graham farmer had been banished to the rose garden , for fear of him saying anything ruining the deal .
an elderly lawn worker stood laconically , far back in the garden to the left , the only hint of his servitude rather than confinement , a uniform with his unintelligible name stitched across one breast .
back at the lexus he happened to glance again at the garden where he d seen the black man staring .
the money continued by decree of the old mans will ; the lawyers tended their garden , and time crept along .
the authorities found him digging in the same garden william had once seen him in and under questioning the man had initially revealed nothing .
granny owned a vast forty acressignificantly vast compared to our old house in the suburbs , where our microscopic veggie garden had to be planted in the flowerbeds out front and our chicken coop took up the entire backyard .
the bare skin at the top of his head was pale pink from the sun and there was dirt beneath his fingernails ; he d probably been working on a plot for the vegetable garden .
she can often be found wrangling chickens in her backyard , pulling weeds from her herb garden , and saving field mice from her catswhen she is nt plotting her eventual move to ireland .
ghost in the garden extra storage ravings snow summer storm it takes one to know one ghosts alien rights , indeed rough night about the author other books by pen train ride cheryl rainesford glanced at the clock on the wall as she wiped down another table tucking the dollar tip into the pocket of her apron as she did so .
ghost in the garden a ghost lurks in the garden , that overgrown patch of weeds where once vegetables grew .
ghost in the garden a ghost lurks in the garden , that overgrown patch of weeds where once vegetables grew .
there is plenty of garden space .
she could see where there used to be a garden , the old fencing was still there .
a flower garden could be replanted and maybe even a vegetable garden .
a flower garden could be replanted and maybe even a vegetable garden .
some of them carrying tools , garden rakes , shovelslong kitchen knives , for gods sake !
people pouring around the corner with shovels and garden rakes in their hands .
polly mcnamara was already unrolling the garden hose to spray down the street in front of her house .
and tend it like a garden .
women would wave to him as he passed on the street , women busy tending withering gardens under the moon , women who d murdered their children and buried them with the very spades they worked the ground with now .
he watched a man grapple with a collie , a woman abused with a garden rake .
an old man , unclothed , edged forward with a garden trowel , growling far down in his throat and arnold did nt even pause .
shovels , garden rakes , hoes , all these things coming to light .
we roamed here and there for the whole day seeing all the gardens , beautiful they were , the best one was the , queen victoria memorial garden , it was really a worth visit , containing three thousand different varieties of flowers ranging from , ten different types of roses , to some sunflowers , i would say that one ca n't have even a thought of his problems at this place , really it was beautiful and the best place in the whole world .
we roamed here and there for the whole day seeing all the gardens , beautiful they were , the best one was the , queen victoria memorial garden , it was really a worth visit , containing three thousand different varieties of flowers ranging from , ten different types of roses , to some sunflowers , i would say that one ca n't have even a thought of his problems at this place , really it was beautiful and the best place in the whole world .
we both sat on the garden chair , waiting for goku to return .
in the garden it self '' .
i think he is in a state of depression , it is normal '' i heard farhan saying this and then make my self alone in the garden .
it was one of the most bad moments of my life , my failure was getting heavy on me , it was after ten only when i realized that i had kept myself alone for a quite long time , and now there was no one in the garden , at that time one thing happened which make me think , forced me to give an exercise to my mind who was loosing it 's capability to think rightly , a boy with a shabby appearance came to me , there was a sincerity and maturity in his eyes which was far beyond his age .
` ` just roaming through the city gardens , i had not seen them till now , '' he replied .
it was a signal of no more questions , we kept on walking away from the main town and finally stopped in front of a very big house made up of wood , surrounded by a beautiful garden , there was a single entrance to the place which was passing through a small wooden bridge made upon a lake .
` ` no not till now , i was busy with something else something more important than this '' he replied and we moved inside the garden of that big house or so called castle , the feelings were of fear , i saw farhan holding his christ chain , i did n't believe in gods so i was also not believing in this stupid ghost stories .
` ` it is already ten o clock and still i am awake sitting alone in my room with you , i am sure that soon there will be a call for me , from the almighty , i am really fed up of this boring life , today nothing much happened different which i would like to tell you , just apart from this that the children are now also in a habit to come here for playing cricket , hundreds of time 's i had told them not to come here but they do n't understand , it 's the only thing that creates some contrast in ordinary life , i like to see them playing here but when the ball comes inside through any window then i walk behind them , they would make me get a round of the whole garden and then will go , that saruki is the naughtiest of all , he is their leador , and it is usual that he himself only will hit the ball to my place but he is a good boy by nature , he is in a habit to bring for me some of the delicious items of his ... . '' .
` ` that villa is having a ghost of mr louis mountbatten , the owner of the villa , who was killed very mysteriously , but his ghost still reside there , my wife has herself seen it behind the house when she got in the garden to get some flowers , though no one ever take care of the garden there , but still it is quite well maintained , the flowers do not get dry , and the grasses do not grow . ''
` ` that villa is having a ghost of mr louis mountbatten , the owner of the villa , who was killed very mysteriously , but his ghost still reside there , my wife has herself seen it behind the house when she got in the garden to get some flowers , though no one ever take care of the garden there , but still it is quite well maintained , the flowers do not get dry , and the grasses do not grow . ''
` ` yes i know him , we used to play in his garden , he never liked it but also never stopped us , he helped my father at the time of crisis so he used to send food items nearly daily with me to his home , i was in a habit to find him in his room , he used to be very happy on seeing me as if i am his own son , he used to laugh with me like a friend on my poor jokes , we ate the dinner together many a times , on the night when he was killed , i was the last person who visited him , we did the dinner together , he was fond of my father 's dishes , on that night he was behaving differently . ''
` ` that day only i put that in the house and after that day i had not entered the house or garden for once also . ''
` ` maybe with priyanshi , she is under depression because her two or three papers were not good and your friend is helping her also , '' he said pointing towards the garden chair where both of them were sitting , we also moved closer to them .
the barn floor was a garden .
the grass and gardens around it were dead , the dark grey demon cloud hung overhead .
the back of the house had once been dominated by gardens , but now they were little more than piles of grey decayed vegetation .
a darkness fell over the yard , deep , over the emeralds of terras garden , and grey over the chicken coup , gave off a surreal impression .
he rang the bell and hammered to no avail , lets try around the back , he might be in the garden .
late one evening she had stood out on the balcony of one of the sealed upstairs rooms , staring at the stars and listening to the many small noises coming up from the garden and nearby woods .
their marriage had been childless and he d resigned himself to serving the garden for the rest of his years .
since then he regularly hid in the garden hoping she would appear .
he studied her as she danced around the garden , she was as delightful as the flowers he nurtured so carefully all year round .
he had watched her on so many nights she had danced her way into mr underhills heart , he fell in love with her , as he loved the garden , she was a rare and beautiful addition to his garden that although he could not water or prune her he would watch over her , day and night , to make sure that she grew strong and healthy .
he had watched her on so many nights she had danced her way into mr underhills heart , he fell in love with her , as he loved the garden , she was a rare and beautiful addition to his garden that although he could not water or prune her he would watch over her , day and night , to make sure that she grew strong and healthy .
she had been expecting to find an old ruin with weeds and mile - high grass for a front garden , instead she saw that the front lawn had recently been mown and the rendered walls of the cottage had been painted , the thatching was all intact , it looked as if the house was lived in .
vicar followed closely , still chattering , and as for the garden , that 's been looked after by young tommy paston , you remember tommy do n't you ?
the dogs enjoyed the game and jumped up and down in their excitement , they sensed blood and could smell the sweat from kelvin , and as soon as the gate was open they leaped forward into the garden eager to bring down their prey .
eve eventually appeared while the twins were carefully sewing mr underhill back together , she joined franco in the garden , where he held a blubbering kelvin in an arm lock , i thought e was an intruder , ow !
a person should nt be hanging around the garden at night , ow !
she knew that she had changed inside but did n't know how much , the feelings that she had been receiving from people had scared her at first and so she spent most of her time alone in the garden or with mr underhill .
* susan , norfolk - 2000 churchyard trees dripping with pink blossom overhung the garden wall at the back of the little norfolk cottage , a gusty spring wind brought down cascades like confetti turning the newly mown lawn pink .
tommy paston had been in the gardens the day before , mowing the lawns and tidying up the windblown debris .
's cap , met them just beyond the edge of the garden .
then come back here with your shovel , oh , and on the way back , look for a nice spot in the garden to bury mr franco .
february 26 was the turncoat underground station ( previously royal gardens ) that celebrated the event .
if there d been a public garden available he would have gladly gone there instead .
in the darkness the images came , bad ones of course , but also , combating them , the images of the advertising posters he protected : laughing children , tender - eyed dogs , lakes , starry skies , seas , fondled cats , snow - capped mountains , summer forests , vineyards , gardens , hand - in - hand couples , weddings , close - knit smiling families , and , lingering longest on her , the lovely boyish girl he d worked over a few hours before .
no food problem either : a kitchen garden , a chicken or two , snared rabbits , nettles for soup , dandelion salad , wild asparagus and mushrooms and chestnuts in season , you could make wine from blackberries .
he had less confidence in its protective aura the morning he saw the headlines about the first of the charred beggars in rose garden .
there was a kitchen garden and a field filled with lollypop representations of trees labeled as peach .
they were plastered everywhere else in rigorous order on the walls and the ceiling : laughing children , tender - eyed dogs , pine - rimmed lakes , starry skies , piled - up clouds , fondled cats , snow - capped mountains , smiling helena on her swing , russet forests , blue skies , flower - spangled meadows , vineyards , surf on the beach where helena strolled , sailing - boats with pregnant sails , geometric gardens , patchworks of tilled fields , hand - in - hand couples in the forest , sea gulls , roses , wheat fields , birds on flowered boughs , herds of zebras , old bridges , celebrated towers , weddings , blue bays .
the posters he d worked over arose in confusion in his mind : smiling faces , chateaux , geometric gardens , warmly lit interiors , herds of cows , glazed green pottery , greetings at open doors .
now he saw the farmhouse shed sketched in her diary , free of tiles and startlingly real : the kitchen garden , the orchard , the forest with three peaks behind it .
she dozed off and when she woke a little he was saying something about woods , a kitchen garden , an orchard , three peaks .
when he asked if there were tools for the kitchen garden she replied that you could nt dig in january .
then he said he d dig a flower garden for her .
while the station 's personnel fight to save the planet 's population , the forty - second master stargazer stands over his garden , watching drops of water bead across leaves .
from the time he was in kinder garden , he was always years ahead in his mental development .
consequently , he was about to experience a gauntlet of lost angels who had become the gate keepers of an evil garden that was ruled by one master - lita .
she waited for him to convert to a dead thing - a mainstay - a trophy piece in litas black garden .
he divulged that they were the true rulers of the lost forest and the other creatures bowed to them as their guest in what was their own garden of evil .
litas playground - her garden of evil was no more .
i was in the garden when adam and eve messed up .
he took the garden spade he had purchased at home depot , dug down a ways beside lilys marker and deposited half of gracies remains beside the marker .
there was one at the church hall , one at the bank , one at city hall and one at the chamber of commerce and one at the weekly garden club meeting .
another group of kids was pummeling mrs . mannings head in with a garden rake and acting like it was a party .
the cat , i remembered , had been hung in a garden adjacent to the house .
upon the alarm of fire , this garden had been immediately filled by the crowd -- by some one of whom the animal must have been cut from the tree and thrown , through an open window , into my chamber .
there is a delicious garden !
so i walk a little in the garden or down that lovely lane , sit on the porch under the roses , and lie down up here a good deal .
i see her in those dark grape arbors , creeping all around the garden .
the town stands on a hill , and i was taken into the public garden at the extremity of the town .
then suddenly , i must , i must go to the foot of my garden to pick some strawberries and eat them -- and i go there .
i went and hid myself at the bottom of the garden , in a clump of laurel bushes .
from its tiny bubbling entry into the world among the pinewood gardens of donaueschingen , until this moment when it began to play the great river - game of losing itself among the deserted swamps , unobserved , unrestrained , it had seemed to us like following the growth of some living creature .
you sit quietly on the top of a hill ; and away the stone goes , starting others ; and presently some bland old bird ( the last you would have thought of ) is knocked on the head in his own back garden and the family have to change their name .
incident of the letter it was late in the afternoon , when mr . utterson found his way to dr . jekyll 's door , where he was at once admitted by poole , and carried down by the kitchen offices and across a yard which had once been a garden , to the building which was indifferently known as the laboratory or dissecting rooms .
the square , when they got there , was full of wind and dust , and the thin trees in the garden were lashing themselves along the railing .
i came suddenly into the theater from the garden .
mr . sidney crashaw , of stoke house , fulham , and king 's pomeroy , devon , was found , after a prolonged search , hanging dead from the branch of a tree in his garden at one o'clock today .
it was the house with the gay curtains , the home of flowers , the house out of which crashaw came the night he hanged himself in his garden .
yes ; it is horrible enough ; but after all , it is an old story , an old mystery played in our day , and in dim london streets instead of amidst the vineyards and the olive gardens .
after i 'd gotten what i needed at the hardware store , a lock bar for sliding windows and some animal repellant for the garden , i skipped over to the grocery store and picked up a few things .
i can convert his room into a nice orchid garden or classics library .
* the banshee had rented out the best dance hall in all of the borderlands , the scream garden .
famine saw what looked like a garden beyond it .
the council 's garden had grown well , but the sky surrounding the green house was alight with the fires of war .
it had electricity , a shed where he kept wood and a garden .
he exited and doubled back through a path in the garden and the woods .
jack slung his rifle over his shoulder and grabbed the garden hoe from the porch railing .
it was tangled in a garden hose coiled by the front wheel .
he nodded at the two heavily armed men standing in front of the garden section as he approached .
he asked , looking past the men into the high fence of the garden section .
christian , a middle - aged , former auto mechanic from bisbee , was quarantined in the garden section while they waited to see if , and when , he would turn .
i would talk on about our garden and the book i was reading and how i liked the big , sweeping lawn at the front of our high school .
he walked over to the building that was a wing of classrooms and stopped near the open door to a large closet where the garden tools were stored .
he seems to love the garden .
not the woman who had such a harsh attitude toward a nice old man who did an awesome job keeping the church gardens looking like a park .
he does nt wear his glasses when he works in the garden .
he clicked his tongue against the back of his teeth , turned , and stomped off toward the large closet where the garden tools were stored .
she and kate seemed to be somewhat unglued over the fact that he behaved as if the garden belonged to him .
or , he was nt there at all , nothing but the figment of a cold , half - sleepy , sluggish brain that did nt like seeing my smoking buddy agitated about the damage to his garden .
you could go walk around in the garden while you re waiting .
that garden gives me no pleasure any more .
maybe she wanted her grief to be private , although she had nt acted that way earlier , or when i d spoken to her in the garden that time .
what happened to your own rose garden ?
he was really worried about those kids using the garden for a party spot , said joe .
smoking calmed me , and i knew that once i stopped missing the man who poured his whole life into the church gardens , i would cut back again .
so authentic was it , that victorian scholars came to admire it ; decorators to copy it ; architects to study it ; and all came , cameras loaded , to photograph it , especially in the spring when the garden on the south side was in full bloom .
when she lit them shed say that the aroma of wildflowers made her think of some kind of beautiful exotic gardens .
the vomit shot out of his mouth like a garden hose , and a foul spray coated the man he 'd hit with the crowbar moments earlier .
he heard cha - ka hooting in the garden and smiled to himself as he drove his scooter thru a wide shallow creek that ran through his compound .
skynyrd was a good friend who earned his keep by devouring rats and rabbits that would occasionally invade farro 's garden .
she was very sweet and loved to eat tomatoes from the garden and also enjoyed smoking marijuana with him , from time to time .
sometimes he liked to think of himself as a modern day adam from the garden of eden , only without an eve .
the only thing charlie remembered with clarity about the garden of eden was the fact that it was paradise until a woman came along and fucked it all up .
however , over the last few days an alarming number of rabbits had been invading his garden .
his snares caught nearly a hundred in just four days , but the worst part was the way the little furry farts had terrorized his garden without mercy .
he never realized rabbits could get stoned on marijuana until yesterday when he went out and found over a dozen of them scattered around the garden in a dazed nearly comatose condition .
the collection of rugged outdoor speakers in his garden hummed as the record began spinning on the turntable and after a few hisses and pops lynyrd skynyrd began playing sweet home alabama .
as the old hermit stared blearily through his barely open eyes at the moon shining into his garden , charlie tapped his old metal prosthetic arm that ended in a pair of chrome pincers in time with the music .
back in his version of the garden of eden , charlie eventually dozed off as the songs kept playing and did n't notice the screams growing much louder and closer while he dreamed of a little blue eyed brunette that he still thought about nearly every day .
charlie had installed quite a few large outdoor speakers on five foot tall wooden poles throughout his garden .
after stumbling into the moonlit garden the two men , which colonel lester would have classified as screamers , attacked everything around them including all the plants that got in their way .
the two screamers missed some speakers on the far side of the garden and the music continued to play , just much less loudly , as they finally noticed the rabbits strewn about on the ground .
after a while , the pair of screamers stumbled about in the pitiful looking remains of the garden and felt something other than the relentless explosive rage that had consumed their every thought since the moment of their infection .
the lights exposed the totally devastated garden across the stream that flowed by his trailer .
tears flowed down his cheeks as he looked upon his devastated garden , his life 's work , his pseudo children senselessly ripped and torn apart .
decades spent creating his idea of a new garden of eden was utterly ruined .
he stood on his two trembling prosthetic legs and tried to calm down , except even with his eyes closed he saw the garden in his mind utterly ruined .
but there was no medic there at his trailer , and no morphine- just a couple of corpses lying in the middle of his decimated garden .
i lost a marijuana garden in the middle of nowhere while real living people , with real lives , fight for their very survival .
first , two crazy men came and destroyed the garden .
he watched the small rivers of fire briefly then ran to get the garden hose .
dozens of rabbits were eating in the ruined garden and drinking from the stream as rays of dappled golden sunlight filtered into the small clearing .
quick , make it go up toward the garden , katie whispered .
it moved faster and cheerfully announced , light speed engaged , while bouncing over the clods of dirt in the garden .
he dreamed of phoenixes eating entire gardens full of drugs , overdosing to the point of neurological annihilation , then regenerating new brain cells and nervous systems .
he dreamt of siamese twins , one male and one female , making love to one another in gardens of drugs .
upon the third floor , the necrodelic discovered the oneirophage 's drug gardens .
chariah walked amongst the drug gardens , observing through the greenhouse walls and skylights the starlit darkness of outer space .
the necrodelic gazed out for a moment more , then exited the drug gardens into another five - way foyer .
another garden of severed limbs dripped blood from above , spattering the pentagram below with ruby dewdrops .
chariah stood in the center of the pentagram , the stained glass gates of the drug gardens swinging shut behind him , and peered down each of the four hallways in turn .
the dreaming predator entered the gates of his drug garden and gazed through the transparent greenhouse walls .
... you will seek out the tantradox ... upon the garden planet of elasvai ... the mission of genocide continues ... megadeaths grow as fast and as furious as hellfire ... go now , my dark disciple ... my incarnate prophecy ... go , and show the tantradox that you are the messiah of death ... '' chariah 's eyeballed phallus came to orgasm in mother chaos ' oracle , its single eyelid , like the eyelids of his face , fluttering with light speed rapid eye movement that revealed several psychic visions every nanosecond , flashing through his brain while he wept sperm , and then mother chaos ' eye sockets became vaginas , and the necrodelic 's eyes became penises , making love to her skull and ejaculating black sperm and teardrops of darkest ink into her brain .
the crimson eyeball on the necrodelic 's phallus slowly closed with sleep , and then chariah was ascending the long strand of his silver cord like a spider , climbing upwards toward the physical plane , climbing upwards into his body , to set the omnibeast on a direct course with the garden planet of elasvai .
` ` ... no , you have only begun ... there will be other wars between you and your dream - devouring soulmate ... this mission is not yet complete , my messiahling ... but now , a new mission awaits ... peer with me through the veils of time ... gaze into this purple oracle ... and observe the akashic records chronicled therein ... look upon the origin of the tantradox ... the revolutions of the garden planet of elasvai ... and lo , even now your ship approaches the dzandra system ... where another piece of your destiny will be revealed ... '' after observing the perverted rituals of the tantradox for several hours within the oracle of mother chaos ' purple eyes , chariah blinked and found himself enfolded within the purple wings of his soulmate , riding beneath mother chaos like a possum child who had already learned to play dead .
as the bestial spaceship drifted unto the garden planet elasvai and the demonic tantradox , the necrodelic meditated in the zero - gravity cockpit , floating in mid - air in the black lotus position for several hours , readying himself for the battle to come .
24 deep within the gardens of the planet elasvai , in the sanctuary of the shadows of their nearby citadel , the white marble and heavily vined fiendfarms , amid sprawling amaranthine fields of medicinal and psychedelic flora , beneath the seclusion of giant belladonna leaves , hidden behind the privacies of poisonous forests and mandalic topiaries , on a bed of diverse flowers , and wreathed in the smoke of lotus and opium , the tantric demons began their ritual .
the severed arm fell to the grasses and blossoms beneath , pouring blood throughout the gardens .
from time to time they were visited by pestilentia , empress of insects , who had followed the scent of opium and opium trances alike , the sickly sweet sugars of sperm and milk , and the stench of freshly severed limbs to the garden planet .
pestilentia , however , was a bitch deity and a destruction addict , and desired in return the devourment of several crops and the infestation of several gardens .
throughout and around the white marble palace of the fiendfarms they continuously made love , rolling through the gardens , courtyards , greenhouses , pagodas , menageries , laboratories , abattoirs , and stormtower of their citadel , and through the acres of towering psychedelic crops and multi - colored flowerbeds surrounding it .
with a whip in each hand , the tantradox urged the brontosauruses forward , dragging the entire stone - wheeled citadel over the ground and across the garden planet like some megachariot .
the overdragon breathed flames across the garden planet of elasvai , igniting forest fires that dotted the landscape with bright orange conflagrations , like the calderas of lit pipes or the tips of hemp - filled cigarettes .
the omnibeast had been captured in a natural cage , a prisoner of the garden planet .
flying high above elasvai in his astral body , chariah observed as much as possible about the garden planet during his drug trip , etching maps of blood in his brain with psychic blades for his memory to absorb , noting various features of the landscape , climate , foliage , and indigenous life forms .
the siamese twin demons had highly developed powers of camouflage , both physical and spiritual , an aspect inherent to and derived from their garden planet and its flora and fauna , which hunted and were hunted amongst the foliage - laden paradise in an eternal predator / prey continuum .
the nights on elasvai were brief , though , because of the demand for sunlight by the gardens that ruled it and the extremely eccentric and frequent tiltings of the planet .
27 drelrei and junisia were , and had always been , nomads , continually wandering the gardens of elasvai together .
the tallest amongst the cliffs of caine , the precipice was the highest point on all of elasvai , the zenith of the garden planet .
the sun dzandra shone luminously , its copious rays of topaz light feeding the garden planet and everything in it .
the tantradox watched as it arced through the skies against a backdrop of nightfall and began bombarding their garden planet with fireballs and gouts of flame until midnight , when it disappeared .
the tantradox , now standing at the very ledge of the precipice , as it had since first sighting the dark harbinger , continued to gaze out across the moonlit garden planet of elasvai for several moments .
the midnight that only lasts a second , the death which only takes an instant , chariah flashed across the garden planet like one of satan 's neurons , the ultimate predator , invigorated and empowered by breathing in the charred and burning flesh of the injured monstrosity he chased , sucking the smoke into his expanding and quickening lungs as he ran , growing more and more evil at exponential rates .
for one brief nocturnal moment the necrodelic ran blindingly through the gardens of elasvai , leaving tall grass rippling and giant leaves and flower petals stirring in the black breezes of his darkling passage .
chariah flew in astral form to the garden planet of elasvai , to the shimmering silver forest of flesh , to the side of his incarnate self .
the forest of flesh trampled entire gardens , temples , and herds of siamese twin dinosaurs in its path , its thousands of legs churning as its trees screamed in pain , desperately seeking sanctuary from the conflagration that would condemn its multiple conjoined souls to hell .
below them a garden of anemones blossomed in the pure waters of the lake bottom .
the tantradox dragged chariah to the bottom of the lake , where the garden of anemones beckoned hungrily for his flesh , their tentacles writhing , their mouths dilated and rimmed with poisonous fangs or barbed tongues .
he still had no conceivable means of departure from the lake and its deceased anemone garden , and was too weak to battle the forest of flesh underwater , where his powers were severely diminished .
psilocybin bloomed all along the floor , a garden of mushrooms , some as tall as he .
several hours later , the regalvanized necrodelic arose and departed the psilocybin gardens through an opening in the far wall of the cavern .
from the gardens below a pair of siamese twin sphinxes came rumbling from the east , each bound by a complex leather yoke .
drelrei pulled on the sphinxes ' reins , shouting , ` ` to the rose gardens . ''
the pain would increase after an hour in the cactus gardens .
the masochistic dream - eater had begun to enjoy the prolonged torture , and as they were dragged through various fields and gardens until the afternoon , often masturbated by turning over on his stomach and rubbing his phalluses on plants , flowers , grasses , and the abrasive , decorticating ground .
at long last , the forced tour of the garden planet had ended .
` ` take thy humiliation and thy dismemberment and flee into your gardens , to live your lives in torture and despair , and know that when you return , with your hearts full of vengeance and your eyes bright with scorn , i shall sunder thee again , and send thy souls separately to hell , damning you to be eternally ... '' the necrodelic paused , looming over the fallen entity he had ripped in twain from atop the bloodstained altar , then breathed forth the fires of hell over their bleeding bodies , to cauterize their wounds so that they might flee in each other 's arms and be forced to live their lives as two , and in the streams of flame that burst from his blackened lips could be heard the final word of his curse , like thunder and gongs and poltergeists .
` ` i have long desired to visit the hanging gardens of aphrodisia , '' the oneirophage responded .
the spiral maze wound through the entire gardens , with rainbow bridges that parted the nepenthe rivers , soma rivers , and rivers of wine to the side as he passed .
he realized that he had lost cerberus somewhere within the gardens .
he could see clearly now the ancient symbols in the drug topiary , which had magnified and elevated his spirit to its zenith , and which made the psychedelic gardens as deadly as they were mind - bending .
he observed their deaths , their accidents , overdoses , suicides , and murders , observed the processes by which their flesh and souls became the topiaries in the gardens .
the garden began to move and each section began to raise up , like the pieces of a puzzle box , forming a tiered ziggurat with his soul at the top .
the rivers of nepenthe , soma , and wine became waterfalls , flowing over the levels of hemp and opium gardens to the fountainous pools of elixir below .
rainbows arcing all around , serpentikal flew through kaleidoscopic tunnels and over iridescent bridges to the hanging gardens of aphrodisia .
the saurian spaceship landed mere feet from the fabled gardens , and the seven demons descended serpentikal 's throat to emerge before it .
the hanging garden of aphrodisia was composed of tiers and terraces that rose beyond the limits of vision into the aurora astralis , within which it disappeared .
the entrance to the hanging gardens of aphrodisia was a gated yoni several feet above their heads , a constricted tunnel of labia too small for them to pass through even if they could reach it .
the large phallus began to ejaculate wine , splattering the vined walls and trellises before it , then plunged coitally into the zenithal vagina , and as orgasms were achieved , the serpent brood was delivered to the entrance of the gardens .
they rode the lingham drawbridge high into the air , and then passed through the irising labial entrance and into the hanging gardens of aphrodisia .
the air was filled with clouds of pollen , visible masses that were inhaled by the thousands and which , like everything else within the hanging gardens of aphrodisia , aroused the lust of those who breathed them .
in the middle of the topmost terrace , the zenith of the hanging gardens of aphrodisia , was a raised dais with the ancient sexual yin - yang sigil drawn in its center .
the sound of grinding stones was loud throughout the entire gardens as tantric energies seeped into the sorcerous sigil .
the entire hanging gardens of aphrodisia rotated within itself like a puzzle box , turning upside - down while it reversed its own polarities and gravities until it hung from the underbelly of elasvai into outer space , freed of the south pole and the planet 's magnetic field by the tantric energies and metamorphosing into a garden which truly did hang , dangling out over the universe .
the entire hanging gardens of aphrodisia rotated within itself like a puzzle box , turning upside - down while it reversed its own polarities and gravities until it hung from the underbelly of elasvai into outer space , freed of the south pole and the planet 's magnetic field by the tantric energies and metamorphosing into a garden which truly did hang , dangling out over the universe .
the zenith of the hanging gardens of aphrodisia had become its nadir .
for several minutes , the trio remained intertwined , hydraman trying to climb his way back up into the gardens , until a shower of pink lotus poured over them , stimulating hydraman unto further heights of aphrodisia .
both pressed on the sigil while they dangled precariously , but could not reverse its effects on the gravity of the hanging gardens of aphrodisia .
as serpentikal turned his gargantuan head and flew the living spaceship back toward the surface of elasvai , the gravity in the hanging gardens of aphrodisia returned to normal .
for a moment it hung suspended from the south pole of the garden planet like the green entrails of a fertility demon 's underbelly , an upside - down jungle , a true hanging garden , then reversed itself with a grinding of stone and a rearrangement of tiers and terraces , until all was as it had been before the rites of serpentine perversion had been performed within its walls .
for a moment it hung suspended from the south pole of the garden planet like the green entrails of a fertility demon 's underbelly , an upside - down jungle , a true hanging garden , then reversed itself with a grinding of stone and a rearrangement of tiers and terraces , until all was as it had been before the rites of serpentine perversion had been performed within its walls .
moments later , the oneirophage sucked all the candirus from the pond into his darkprism , then dragged the carcass of the constrictress from the waters by the tail , to the shores of candiru falls and through the flowerbeds and gardens and jungles , like vanquished prey from a successful hunt , back to his waiting spaceship and passed through the body of serpentikal to the serpentopolis within .
they healed themselves with tantric rituals and medicinal herbs from their fields of crops and greenhouse gardens , until they were strong enough to once again perform the sacred ceremony of conjoinment .
in a rooftop garden looking out over labyrinthine rows of crops and menageries of mutants , high atop the stormtower , at the zenith of the fiendfarms , directly beneath the noontime topaz sun , drelrei and junisia assembled the necessary instruments , chemicals , and sacrificial victims for their ritual .
freed at last , the brontosauruses immediately stampeded into the distance and disappeared within the gardens of elasvai .
long ago , drelrei and junisia had conquered and captured a weather warlock , bonded him psychically with the elasvai 's spirit , and mutated his flesh into a living control panel through which they could create and regulate the temperature and seasons of the garden planet , as well as cause , adjust , and terminate rainfall , lightning , thunderstorms , floods , waterspouts , winds , tornadoes , earthquakes , and eclipses .
heading slowly south , through gardens of mandrake and forests of weeping willows , he could feel as well as hear the growl of cerberus in response to the distant thunder .
when they saw him pick up the soul cleaver and glance in their direction , however , the tantradox panicked and chose to fling itself over the top of the megafiend to the gardens far below , rather than face the necrodelic 's wrath and risk being torturously sundered from one another again .
he lingered around the conflagration for several minutes , enjoying the pleasant surge of pyromania as he gazed with fascination upon the hypnotic flickerings of the arson which he had wrought , all the while plotting the complete and total armageddon of the garden planet elasvai .
* morpheus rex stood atop the siamese twin brontosauruses with their frayed and broken reins in his right hand , riding the giant reptiles across the gardens and flowerbeds in pursuit of the tantradox .
as the geryon baal'striga began beating her wings and the megafiend took flight again , chariah was left standing all alone in the middle of the garden planet .
as he soared past a bloodstained garden , the flicker of a glittering , crimson edge caught his attention .
he watched the omnibeast orbit elasvai like a black moon , spreading flames across the garden planet .
he breathed in the perfumes of burning drugs as the gardens blazed all around him and all across the planet , and relaxed .
as democubus and the oneirophage flew off into space , the serpentine indentation of the dreaming predator on the flowerbed which he had thought would be his deathbed slowly kindled and then burst into flame , in an exact replica of his outline , and then elasvai exploded , dzandra burst into topaz supernova , and the garden planet was no more .
he remembered the battles that had taken place on the now - destroyed garden planet of elasvai , and contemplated the myriad battles yet to come .
actually , the park was a garden with beautiful bushes , flowers and walkways .
she had lifted karen carefully - she was light as a feather , and put her in the back garden .
she looked back at where the cottage and its small garden should be .
many of the preserves have been improved to the point of qualifying as botanical gardens with paved , nature trails outlined in beautiful flowers ; countless ponds with lily pads and meditational gardens at the center of flowing creeks .
many of the preserves have been improved to the point of qualifying as botanical gardens with paved , nature trails outlined in beautiful flowers ; countless ponds with lily pads and meditational gardens at the center of flowing creeks .
he returned to his chair , turned it to face out the windows , and gazed out into his little courtyard garden .
the garden had always been his sanctuary from the troubled times of the material world .
the shadows deepened as the sunlight faded away until the spotlights blinked on , casting shadows that followed the forms of the garden as it danced in the wind .
when he talked about the place he made it sound like a garden of eden , and maybe that was how he thought about it too .
all that was left to maintain was their vegetable garden .
the garden was their major reason for needing to collect more water .
crops could easily be grown on one side , probably corn and potatoes , they could put in a vegetable garden as well .
even the ones that they would never really need , like planting a wildflower garden .
freddys gloves had always made sven think of garden shears .
there were scenes of people farming , of beautiful gardens with hummingbirds and butterflies , or lovers intertwined under a grove of trees .
jumping bat had been at in the garden when it happened .
bat was absolutely furious and could not wait to destroy him at the garden .
still , bat wanted to totally annihilate that mexican poser at the garden , and planned on it .
wrestling had become something more real that fateful night in madison square garden .
bat jackson left the garden , wrestling , the crowd , on a stretcher .
like it had been before in madison square garden .
he tore through backyards and across flower gardens , ignoring the occasional housewife or group of children that stared wide - eyed at him ; the cop behind him would soon fill in their imagination with the appropriate answers .
an old garden hose lay coiled there , and i picked it up to test it for usefulness .
i ran around to the garden center and pulled open the gate .
people sat on front porches sipping iced tea or stood at the edge of their gardens clipping the fragrant blooms .
off in the far left corner of the yard was my dad , carrying a notebook and walking through what appeared to be the overgrown remnants of a rose garden .
someone was in that garden with that other version of me , saying something that made me turn to him .
i was trying to see the man that stood in the garden with me , just as the face was coming into focus it was distorted again , this time by a pair of radiant blue eyes .
yeah , that rose garden is over a hundred years old and its in sad shape .
i ve got a landscaper coming tomorrow to take a look at it and the other gardens out back and to do some fine tuning on the front .
i lifted my skirts , noticing the white undersleeves covering my arms , and followed the mossy stone path back to the far corner of the garden where the roses grew rambling and wild .
a vision flashed in my mind of alastor and i picking berries at the edge of the rose garden .
across the yard , the rose garden was colorless with only a few fallen petals scattered about the ground .
the garden where the memory of alastor had been so real for me was now brown and barren .
but it was her cross to bear as women were put to curse and shame for defiling adam in the garden of eden .
as i started to close the door i saw elizabeth out on her lawn again , white gloved , poking a trowel at the garden soil .
` ` this is a story as old to the tigers as the garden of eden is to the humans .
it occurred to him that tom could have made coffee on the gas grill , if not for the man sitting in his garden beside what had to be an ornamental wheelbarrow , eating the soft inside of a split pumpkin and spitting out the seeds .
sitting in my garden eating a raw pumpkin ! ''
george the mechanic was sitting in the garden with his legs apart , allowing clay to see that since yesterday afternoon he 'd forgotten all his mother had taught him about dropping trou before you did number one . ` `
tom glanced back at the intruder in his garden .
the old man in the gray power shirt marched to the edge of the garden and then only stood there awhile like a robot that has finally run out of juice .
the old man fell on his knees in the garden , a movement that obviously caused him considerable pain .
outside in the garden , george picked up a fresh chunk of pumpkin and began calmly to eat .
she and george sat there in tom mccourt 's backyard garden , eating vegetables , and for some reason the name of one of his favorite paintings popped into clay 's mind : the peaceable kingdom .
in the garden , george had abandoned the pumpkins and dug up a large potato .
` ` not with his hands , either , like the guy in the garden .
they could put him in the garden behind the lodge , he said .
he told them the head had called the little vegetable patch his ` ` victory garden , '' although he had never told jordan why .
so they dug the grave in the head 's garden behind the lodge and buried him among the beans and tomatoes .
filling in the grave was quick , although in the end they had to borrow some earth from the garden 's nether parts to bring it up to dead level .
3 at eight o'clock that morning , clay sat on a bench at one end of the head 's victory garden , telling himself that if he were n't so tired , he 'd get up off his dead ass and make the old fellow some sort of marker .
for a moment the raggedy man 's hoodie seemed to float by itself , and then , as it came up the garden toward clay , its occupant 's dark brown face and hands materialized above and below it .
fading roses , this garden 's over . ''
he thought the barn , but he could n't be absolutely certain - it all ran together and if he thought too hard about it , it began to seem that the man with the flashlights on the sides of his head had also been the young man jabbing the car aerials , that mr . ricardi had killed himself by gobbling broken glass instead of hanging himself , and it had been alice in tom 's garden , eating cucumbers and tomatoes .
rakes and a few old garden implements were ranked along one wall .
i landed with my arm stuck on one of the pickets of the fence that went around the bunch of weeds and sunflowers that my mother insisted on calling ' the garden ' .
` ` there was even a mcdonald '' s , '' she told vetter and farnham in a tone of voice usually reserved for references to the sphinx and the hanging gardens .
madi - son square garden , then in forest hills .
i told him i did it digging in my garden .
sea world , busch gardens , or daytona speedway , either .
her resemblance to marlon brando at the end of the godfather - when he 's playing with his grandson in the garden - was unmistakable .
they were beat - up from many seasons in the garden but clean - she 'd laundered them , as i had expected .
like marlon brando in the garden , playing with the little kid . ''
he was swag - bellied , sporting a little garden of gin - blossoms on his nose , and wearing a tropical shirt that hung almost to his knees .
the rooms of the scoto began to look a little like chambers in an undersea grotto , and i realized i could paint it that way : undersea rooms with paintings on their walls , paintings that were being looked at by schooling peoplefish while neptune 's trio burbled ` ` octopus 's garden . ''
i had an idea she 'd been old when the children of israel were still grubbing in the gardens of egypt .
olive garden ?
the high forehead bulged like a grotesque garden bulb .
it shed soft radiance on the garden just beyond .
cynric at home smelled like a whole garden in high summer , so apparently blue tigers smelled like green , growing things .
it was not a bud or a bloom but a whole goddam garden , the fear , the horrible fear that he was not here .
there was also a photo of ike , shaking hands with an arab in the rose garden .
a woman digging weeds in her flower - garden shaded her eyes to watch him pass .
he 's apt to kill himself , though , she thought , turning back to her garden .
from the derry news , june 30th , 1958 ( page 5 ) : macklin questioned in deaths of grogan , clements produces unshakable alibis , source claims from the derry news , july 6th , 1958 ( page 1 ) : macklin to be charged only with murder of stepson dorsey , borton says edward corcoran still missing from the derry news , july 24th , 1958 ( page 1 ) : weeping stepfather confesses to bludgeon death of stepson in a dramatic development in the district court trial of richard macklin for the murder of his stepson dorsey corcoran , macklin broke down under the stern cross - examination of county attorney bradley whitsun and admitted he had beaten the four - year - old boy to death with a recoilless hammer , which he then buried at the far end of his wife 's vegetable garden before taking the boy to derry home hospital 's emergency room .
he died as ben hanscom sat home watching tv with his mother , as eddie kaspbrak 's mother anxiously felt eddie 's forehead for signs of her favorite ailment , ` ` phantom fever , '' as beverly marsh 's stepfather - a gent who bore , in temperament at least , a remarkable resemblance to eddie and dorsey corcoran 's stepfather - lifted a high - stepping kick into the girl 's derriere and told her ` ` to get out there and dry those goddam dishes like your mummer told you , '' as mike hanlon got yelled at by some high - school boys ( one of whom would some years later sire that fine upstanding young homophobe john ` ` webby '' garton ) passing in an old dodge while mike pulled weeds out of the garden beside the small hanlon home out on witcham road , not far from the farm owned by henry bowers 's crazy father , as richie tozier was sneaking a look at the half - undressed girls in a copy of gem he had found at the bottom of his father 's socks - and - underwear drawer and getting a regular good boner , and as bill denbrough was throwing his dead brother 's photograph album across the room in horrified unbelief .
he thought maybe his stepfather had used it on dorsey and then buried it in the garden or maybe thrown it in the canal .
in his mind a tenebrous , croaking voice whispered : i 'll do it for a dime , eddie shuddered and tried to unthink that voice , and the sudden image it called up in his mind : the house on neibolt street , its front yard overgrown with weeds , gigantic sunflowers nodding in the untended garden off to one side .
maybe , .richie thought , an engineer used to live there , a bachelor with no pants but jeans and lots of those gloves with the big stiff cuffs and four or five pillowtick caps - a fellow who would come home once or twice a month for stretches of three or four days and listen to the radio while he pottered in the garden ; a fellow who would eat mostly fried foods ( and no vegetables , although he would grow them for his friends ) and who would , on windy nights , think about the girl he left behind .
in the late afternoon , looking up from where he was hoeing in the garden , he could see the moon in the blue daytime sky , pale and small .
fogarty walked away , his black shoes leaving big brown tracks in the dirt of west garden .
how she came to understand that you could only protect your child through watchfulness and love , that you must tend a child as you tended a garden , fertilizing , weeding , and yes , occasionally pruning and thinning , as much as that hurt .
sometimes he would steal a long needle from his mother 's pincushion , impale a japanese beetle on it , and sit cross - legged in the garden watching it die .
and his lips stretched in a terrible grin that revealed gray - black gums which were growing their own garden of mold .
a bee could have been the cause of miss evelyn - hyde 's unfortunate live burial ; it even made sense , since it had happened in mid - spring ; in the garden , to boot .
to the right was a small garden from which all the vegetables , with the exception of a few puny pumpkins , had been harvested .
the heavy rain of the night before had turned the garden into a swamp ; most of the remaining pumpkins sat half - submerged in puddles .
the clothesline closest to the garden was hung with sheets along its entire length .
he went back to the garden , got two more handfuls , threw them at the sheets , went back , got more , and threw that , too .
surely the boy standing here in this sunny , sane kitchen , the boy who was now going to the refrigerator and taking out the milk , could not be the same boy who had plunged his hands up to the wrists in the mud of wilma jerzyck 's garden and then flung that mud at wilma jerzyck 's clean sheets again and again and again .
wilma looked at the garden and saw deep divots where the mud had been scooped out .
father john was n't backing down on it the way wilma had expected him to do , and she had liked the way he 'd looked that morning during the homily , which was called ` ` let us each tend our own garden . ''
she went over to the jerzycks ' while pete and wilma were at work , saw the sheets hanging on the line , and covered them with mud from the garden . ''
she wrote the notes at her house - probably right down the hall from her dog 's dead bodyand got the rubber bands from her own kitchen drawer , she did n't have to carry the rocks ; there were plenty of those in wilma 's back - yard garden .
to alan , a criminal case was like a garden surrounded by a high wall .
what had seemed like a gate into this particular garden now seemed more and more like a clever painting of a gate on the high , unbroken wall .
it was as large as a garden paving stone .
the woman had been on her property , tearing up her garden ( lenore had waited until the bitch actually got going - her mamma had n't raised any fools ) , and she had been within her rights .
most of the gardens were ruined , but willow wasn '' t much of a farming community , anyway .
i pulled the garden hose from its coil and twisted the water spigot .
he turned on the garage light and took the green plastic garden hose off its nail , where it had been looped since the third week of september .
with a devil that was not a red - horned monster complete with spiked tall and cloven hooves , or a serpent crawling through the garden - although that is a remarkably apt psychological image .
` ` the garden , the patterns - nice . ''
in one hand he had a garden hoe .
and when she came in here and told you she was in trouble , asked for your help , i bet the first thing that crossed your mind was to wonder what the ladies in the flower and garden club would say , or if it meant you 'd have to stay away from amy lauder 's weddin .
motes ... beams ... flies ... ` ` oh god , '' she said to the empty back yard and her father 's unweeded garden .
frannie put the spade down on the edge of the hole - she was digging in the garden , between the tomatoes and the lettuces - and turned around , a little afraid .
for a moment she was tempted to crawl deeper into the garden and just lie low among the peas and beans until he got tired and went away .
he turned around and fran walked to the edge of the garden , brushing at her legs , resigned to being stared at in her white gym shorts and halter .
i ' m digging a hole in the garden my father was weeding only last week , and when it 's deep enough i guess i ' m going to put him in it - i think i can take it .
` ` but fran ... in the garden ? ''
he loved his garden !
fran watched until he was out of sight , and then went back to her father 's garden .
there were flies on his face , lighting , rubbing their hairy little forelegs together and then taking off again , and his skin had gone a dusky dark shade , but he was so tanned from working in the garden that it was hardly noticeable ... if you made your mind up not to notice it , that was .
eventually she was able to drag him into the garden .
i ca n't speak for what might happen in east texas , but in new england , all the gardens were planted and growing nicely before this flu happened .
i come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the roses and the voice i hear , falling on my ear the son ... of god ... disclo - o - ses and he walks with me and he talks with me tells me i am his own and the joy we share as we tarry there none other ... has ever ... known .
he seemed perfectly content - at least for the time being - to go for his walks with kojak , paint his pictures , putter around his garden , and think about the sociological ramifications of nearly total decimation .
she sang hymns while she worked - ` ` seven gates to the city ( my lord hallelu ' ) , '' ` ` trust and obey , '' and her own favorite , ` ` in the garden . ''
she baked her pies first , using the canned fillings from the shelves in her pantry and the fresh rhubarb and strawberries from the garden .
she had never expected this startled , close scrutiny , and she found herself remembering the night she had told her father in the garden .
but when ralph and i and mother and tom cullen and the rest in our party got here , the only living things in boulder were the cats and the deer that had come down here from the state park to forage in people 's gardens ... and even in the stores .
but for each individual cell there was the old , old question , the one that went back to the garden - did you eat the apple or leave it alone ?
leo had lobbed a large stone from someone 's rock garden through the rear window of an old ford .
and then there was a transformation so sudden and complete that larry was never quite able to believe afterward that he had seen that tense , unsmiling harold , the face of a man more apt to use a trowel to wall someone up in a basement niche than to construct a garden wall around a flower bed .
he was putting a brick wall around this flower garden and he whirled around ... did n't hear us coming until i spoke up , i guess ... and for a minute there i ' m saying to myself , ' holy god , this dude is gon na kill me . ' ''
i like to creep through my daily round , to water my garden - did you see the way i ' ve brought the begonias back ?
they were booked into madison square garden , and the place was sold out .
they could n't hear him , and a chant began to arise , starting in the back rows , then sweeping the garden , gaining strength and volume : ` ` baby can you dig your man !
that night he dreamed that he and barry greig and the tattered remnants were playing at the garden .
tomorrow , larry thought again , stumbling from one too - tall mike to the next under the hot dreamlights of madison square garden .
he went across the apron of red brick and down the four curving steps to the main pathway through the gardens at the front of the hotel .
and when jack 's mind had pushed him this far , all that panic he had fought off in the hotel 's tidy gardens swarmed toward him again .
' maybe she 's in the gardens , i do n't know , ' the man said gloomily , but jack was already on his way toward the door .
the darling of the drive - ins and queen of the bs was nowhere in the wide gardens before the hotel , jack saw immediately - and he had known that she would not be in the gardens , for he would have seen her on his way into the hotel .
but jack could not see her in arcadia funworld any more than he could see her lingering picturesquely in the gardens .
beneath the middle bubble , jack dialed 0 , followed by the area code and the number for the alhambra inn and gardens .
stop - ' richard was still shrieking , but jack no longer heard him - suddenly , triumphantly , that feeling of creeping doom cracked open like a black egg and his brain filled up with light - light and a sweet purity of air ; air so pure that you could smell the radish a man pulled out of his garden half a mile away .
jack noticed that a little garden of open sores had bloomed around richard 's mouth .
2 at quarter past five on the evening of december 21st , some three months after jack sawyer had set his face - and his hopes - on the west , a black el dorado cadillac swung into the crushed - gravel driveway of the alhambra inn and gardens in the town of arcadia beach , new hampshire .
in the gardens themselves , naked branches clattered together in a bitter winter wind .
the other growing things in the garden , though skeletal now , still bided with dormant life .
stagnant water poured out , and the half - dozen garden roses which had been blooming there were dead and gray - black before they landed in the puddle of smelly water on the table .
except maybe a few deer raiding the gardens . '
i have my own garden to tend .
she smiled at me , and it was the smile that eve must have used in the garden of eden ; want a bite of apple , little girl ?
` ` no , i think i 'll stay here and pull some weeds in the garden , '' she said .
it was impossible to see in except through the loopholes - all those fertilizer and lawn - food bags made the place look as if it were in the throes of some mad garden sale - but at each loophole there were two or three pale faces , staring out at us .
she listened to alden so she would n't have to listen to the wind ... but she heard the wind anyway , oh yes , coming across the frozen expanse of the reach , a mile and a half of water that was now overplated with ice , ice with lobsters down below , and groupers , and perhaps the twisting , dancing body of russell bowie , who used to come each april with his old rogers rototiller and turn her garden .
i had my garden year in and year out .
but this day was lovely and warm after a rainy spring , the garden was in the ground ( where most of it would rot , thanks to the rains ) , and it was n't yet time to start the new book .
bobbi went outside , clapped an old straw cowboy hat on her head , and spent the next hour in the garden .
she was in her garden , madly weeding ... a junkie in withdrawal .
her period had started again , but that was all right ; she had put a pad in the crotch of her panties even before she went out to weed the garden .
it was bigger than a riding lawnmower but smaller than the smallest tractor deere or farmall had ever made , but just right for someone who kept a garden that was just a little too big to be called a plot c and that was the case here .
bobbi had a garden of about an acre and a half -beans , cukes , peas , corn , radishes , and potatoes .
the tomcat was fairly versatile ; it had to be c even a well - off gentleman farmer would have trouble justifying the purchase of a $ 2,500 mini - tractor on the basis of a one - acre garden .
anderson had put it on blocks at one end of the garden , claiming no one would want to buy it even for parts .
they came out of the woods and bumped along the edge of the garden .
bobbi 's patch of garden was going great guns c the corn was taller than any gardener had seen on his way north from arcadia beach , and her tomatoes were going to be blue ribbon winners .
if it was the wrong one , she was going to blow off the back of his head and bury the body in the soft soil at the foot of the garden .
he was standing in darkness outside of the shed between the farmhouse and the garden .
for a moment forty - two - year - old justin hurd 's mind was totally open to four - year - old david brown 's , and david understood that justin was ripping his entire garden to pieces , plowing the unripened corn back under , tearing up the pea - patch , squashing the new melons to pulp under the wheels of his tractor .
hilly 's dad , who had laughed and applauded and raised hell at the first show , interrupted hilly 's opening speech about ' the mysteries of the orient ' by saying that he could n't spare a whole lot of time for those mysteries , if hilly did n't mind ; he had just finished mowing the lawn and weeding the garden , and he wanted a shower and a beer .
he always brought in a good garden , but that did n't change his mental state .
16 ' that guy saw us , ' butch said as the jeep bulled across anderson 's garden on a diagonal , knocking over huge cornstalks and sunflowers that towered high over the cherokee 's roof .
they emerged from the garden on the far side .
ev dropped the cherokee into reverse , meaning to turn around on the edge of anderson 's garden , when dugan suddenly gasped , jerked , and opened his eyes .
the rest of the posse was pushing out of the tangle that was bobbi anderson 's garden .
moss had used a gadget like a metal - detector to guide each component to its final resting - place c first off the truck , then through the garden , then out along the well - worn path to the dig .
moss walked the motor between the house and the shed , urging it around the tomcat , and then ahead of him through bobbi 's garden .
in it , the sunflowers in the garden had uprooted themselves and begun to walk , eldritch light shining from their centers and onto the ground like the beams of flashlights with green lenses .
there were summer squashes in the garden as big as u - boat torpedoes .
bobbi was growing a garden full of huge plants , but the vegetables were inedible ... perhaps even poisonous .
on the far side of the garden , the motor began to sag .
she unpacked , masturbated to a grim and cheerless climax with a vibrator nearly the size of one of the mutant carrots in bobbi 's garden ( the only climaxes she had were of the grim and cheerless type ; she 'd never been with a man in bed and never intended to ) , showered , napped , then went to dinner .
he got up and went through the house to the kitchen in time to see them heading into bobbi 's rampant garden .
soon they would reach the overgrown garden .
they 're at the garden .
he slipped out the back door , paused for just a moment as the last two flashlights slipped into the garden and disappeared , then ran for the shed .
he could hear them in the garden now c could hear the rustle of the useless giant cornstalks .
by seven that evening , hundreds of people c some self - appointed firefighters , most your common garden variety homo rubberneckus c had poured into the area .
it would be a bright orange furnace , a firewall ninety feet high in the woods ; across the clearings and gardens and hayfields it would race like a kansas prairie fire in the 1840s , gobbling houses so swiftly they would implode from the sudden change in air - pressure , as houses and factories had done during the world war ii firebombings .
its frame had once been part of a garden tool marketed under the trade name of weed eater .
and he had to go ; the garden was already on fire , the giant sunflowers and huge cornstalks with their giant inedible ears of corn blazing .
but the path down through the middle of the garden was still passable .
he threw it into first gear and drove into bobbi 's monstrous useless burning garden .
the wings were spreading through the obscenely overgrown garden , and as the mutated plants burned , the fire glowed green .
he reached the far edge of the garden .
the dune - buggy promptly drove itself into the depths of the flaming garden .
each of them had a small garden trowel .
the maple sugar road climbed steadily , and when they passed the occasional field or large garden they were afforded a stunning view of western maine toward bridgton and freyburg .
she thought how wonderful it would be to lie under the garden faucet at home , turn the spigot on full , open her mouth , and just let the icy water cascade in .
she tended to be fuzzy on those parts of the real world that did not bear on feeding and watering the chickens , adjusting their piped - in music , candling and sorting eggs , washing floors and clothes , doing dishes , selling eggs , tending the garden .
alva also harrowed joe 's small patch of garden each april , and so joe was glad to patch the tire .
but not knowing what the bastard had in mind , they raided the custodian closets for anything that looked like it could serve as a weapon , like a couple of shovels , and a garden hose .
not exactly the garden of eden , to be sure , but we are making it up as we go along , what we all want it to be .
the sycamores , maples and eucalyptus , along with well - groomed gardens , provided a priceless privacy that i just could n't get when anna and i slept at the zoo or observatory .
they tell her she can crack a bowl of eggs - they have chicken coops and gardens on the roofs - but when they see how long it takes for her to pick out all the shells from the bowl they shoo her away , telling her just to relax and get acquainted .
ruby does it and temple looks away , staring at a picture of a vegetable garden ruby has hanging over her bed .
in the middle of the vegetable garden are three bunny rabbits and a girl wearing a bonnet .
in a nearby garage , she finds a shovel and two small fence pickets and a ball of string and she loads them into the man 's arms and leads him out into one of the small garden plots where the soil is loose .
we grow it in the garden .
it was ham , the sandwich , with mustard and tomatoes from her own garden .
in what used to be a flower garden around the back of the house , he finds a red brick and sits on the front step and uses his pocketknife to carve her name into it : sarah mary williams and then he digs a little hole at the head of the grave and embeds it halfway into the earth so that the angels will be able to find her when they come looking .
in the front courtyard are planted many varieties of cactus and , at their bases , herb gardens in thick verdant patches .
he leads them through a door and past a large courtyard where other residents of the mission are tending to a large vegetable garden .
ignoring their expressions , he continues the search for his brother near the picnic tables , by the kitchen house , in the vegetable garden .
so despite the full garden of bodies , nothing stirs in the hot breeze .
dense , leafy bushes grew against the garden wall near the gate .
stephanie carried the skull outside to the back garden .
she plopped the pot on the grass and assumed the part of the nervous , worthless people , who were hotfooting it around the garden in search of kindling .
chapter twelve it was sunday noon , the day after the parade , and aunt helen and stephanie lay flat on their backs in the grass near the koi fountain in grandpa drummond 's garden .
she considered burying it in her back garden , but was sure she would be always haunted by its close proximity .
the boy was n't there , either , so he tried the garden , also in vain .
thinking mrs potts would n't be too happy with me lighting up in her home , i decided to go outside in the back garden .
i mean , what would mrs willis next door say , if she saw a martian taking a crap in my back garden ?
if i were to suddenly take to gambling and hoping , i might take it as a sign that where i m headed is like some kind of sanctuary , a garden of eden that is safe from the invaders .
at home the kids were in the garden playing catch with the boys from next door .
it was the bottom part of a large town house now divided into several flats and studios , with a tiny front garden which was not much use for anything but parking space for a bike and a place to keep the dustbin .
they told tommy to keep on harassing ron and his wife by throwing bottles against the house , or kicking over their rubbish bins , stealing the garden gnomes or pushing abusive mail through the letterbox .
usually you knew where they lived just by looking at the houses - the shabby , filthy , run down ones with broken toys and scattered motorbike parts in the paved - over gardens .
he had been suffocated , and his body had been buried in the garden .
check the garden , i 'll go upstairs .
danny grunted that he had n't been able to check the garden yet as he had had to watch over jill , tape her mouth .
so he checked the garden while bobby took over .
it flew overhead for the first few days , noisily announcing its presence as it swooped over the parks and gardens of burton town .
it appears you ve landed in some kind of prehistoric hydroponics garden .
jakob continued his walk through the garden until he discovered the entrance to the castle maze .
chapter 18 weapon training lord leggid , the castle guard from the maze and jakob walked through the royal gardens into the forest area .
after wolfing down his crumpets , he rushed to the royal gardens where the councillors enjoyed eating breakfast on a weekend .
after his dinner , he felt a heavy rumbling in his stomach and rushed out into the royal gardens to be sick .
they both ran to the royal gardens and spotted the councillors eating their breakfast .
now , in my room , i have this view of the garden behind the dorms .
anyway , they were there in the garden and i had a perfect view since our dorm windows are big and old and without screens .
the sun was turning the sky scarlet and it was not very light in the shadow of the trees where the garden was and the girl , or woman , probably woman , was nice looking .
i got out and walked on the path between the football and soccer fields , past the vegetable garden and bellermine hall to the dining hall .
chapter eight i m warning you junior junior , the next time that horse you call a dog comes over to my house and digs a hole in my front lawn while on his way to my tomato garden to take a dump , i m going to call chief barley and file a complaint .
i m especially fond of the hand painted scene of the lovely young lady in the garden on the lid .
they cooked with it , cleaned with it , bathed with it , washed clothes and dishes with it , grew gardens and lawns with it , even got baptized in it , and somebody damn sure better get whatever needed to be unplugged , unplugged , so it could once again flow into and , more importantly , out of the building .
i have been told there was once a garden and a meadow between the house and the shore , where now lie only rubble and straggling seaweed , nobody supposing at the time of building that so much ground should ever be lost .
nevertheless ravella insisted that she see another , at the back of the house , and so was led to a still gloomier apartment , overlooking a meagre garden .
she asked what she was supposed to be looking at , but he hushed her , and bid her wait a moment and in that moment a fat white cloud idly passing across the sun changed the light imperceptibly , and now the waves appeared to run clear , and uncover beneath them a tracery of darker green , shimmering on the sea bed , a very garden of patterned foliage under the water , forming a broad square maze .
after my old man died , i found an old pools ticket hidden in the pocket of his garden trousers , which he d left there .
the summer languished and palled , the sea grew colder and the flowers in the garden ceased to bloom , but nurtured their seeds ; birds were seen in the sky , soaring a great way off , bidding goodbye to the shore for weeks and months together , pursuing their ritual paths ; the leaves withered and dropped into mulch , concealing the squirrels careful stashes and feathering over the beds of sleeping hedgehogs , dormant beneath their spines ; the evenings drew in dark and secretively over cosy homes and drawn curtains , while wanderers donned hats , scarves and mittens .
so we go round the garden , and suddenly this helicopter descends from the sky with its spotlight , like it had been waiting for us , saying in a great voice , the partys over guys , disperse and leave the area .
the floor was tiled , the tables were simple , and the white plastic chairs might well have been bought from the home depot garden range at five dollars apiece .
she escorted me to my cube , which was against a window to an indoor garden .
at the risk of too much information , notes were small neatly cut pieces of dried mint from mr mcfarlands garden .
virgil warned the wasps to be vigilant in picking up the stones from mr mcfarlands driveway ; mr mcfarland was nt too fussed on wasps in his garden .
were going to have a service for her in the garden .
occasional ice - creams from the rossi ice cream stand on southend seafront , big bags of walkers crisps in the pub garden while we were waiting for dad to finish his drink inside , an odd trip to peter pans ( which is now called adventure island ) where dad would be given a reel of free tickets so that we could go on some of the rides .
when i waddled my way out of the front door at 4:45am on this particular boxing day , i took one step into the front garden and promptly threw up all over the grass .
i sat for hours watching the street entertainment in covent garden .
after repeatedly taking the london underground to central london for the first couple of months i realized that it only took thirty minutes to walk to embankment , thereafter it was only a ten minute walk to trafalgar square , leicester square , piccadilly circus , covent garden and so on .
he walks down sixth street , past all the indian restaurants with names like gandhis house or gandhis garden or gandhis buffet and the thick smell of spice that reeks of body odor , strolls to second avenue and finds that the fillmore east , the club where he saw so many great bands , is no longer .
tired like i am of smelling strawberries in your bathroom , when that smell should be in your kitchen or garden ?
well , unless he was fixing the sink or his garden was the amazon rain forest !
what had once been a formal garden now looked like a jungle , and the vines pawing at all sides of the house made it seem as though the swamp would swallow the whole place in another couple of years .
bubba was puttering around in the garden trying to find enough string beans to have for lunch .
if you work in a garden , you get sweaty and dirty and prickly .
he worked his way into the thickest part of the garden so that she would have to contend with the vines if she wanted to talk to him .
bubba shook his head with amused despair as he watched from the garden .
iv a full moon broke through the moving clouds to cast a magical soft light on the mansion and the garden beside it .
birds singing in the garden below the open window roused foster from his sleep .
he sat up slowly , listening to the birds and admiring the overgrown garden below .
as he began looking over what he had written , he caught sight of something in the garden below him .
at the far end of the garden , the figure of a woman dressed in white moved through the shadows and disappeared behind some shrubbery .
the woman walked through another part of the garden in clear view .
as he rounded the corner of the house heading into the garden foster collected himself and switched from fireman to genteel planter overseeing his domain .
the garden had once been a formal garden with geometrical patterns of shrubbery .
foster snuck around the garden , peering in and around the shrubs .
finally he gave up and started back towards the house , only to hear the sound of footsteps in another part of the garden .
iv foster was writing again gazing at the moon in a trance while the feather pen scratches across the paper when the lady emerged from the shadows in the garden directly below his window .
foster ran around the garden , dodging in and out of the shrubs , looking for her .
i m going to work for a bit and then meet annabelle in the garden .
yes , i met her in the garden the other night .
sister sarah was rocking and fanning herself with a cardboard fan depicting jesus in the garden of gethsemane .
we met in the garden .
in the garden ?
she used to walk in the garden at night although i ve often suspected that she was walking there because she knew i was working and would see her .
vi annabelle leaned her head on fosters shoulder as they walked in the garden .
it was a photo of foster walking in the garden at night .
the image went dark as the home movies cut to an underexposed sequence , apparently shot in the garden at bellevue at sunrise .
there was a brief shot of foster in the garden , some distance from the camera and partially obscured by foliage as the camera panned to follow him .
the garden where foster first met annabelle had been completely cleaned up , pruned and replanted .
iii foster sat on a garden bench in the dark hunched over in an effort to keep warm .
ii an air conditioner hummed monotonously in the window overlooking the garden in what used to be fosters room .
invoices and check stubs fluttered through the air like a flock of starlings descending on the garden .
# # # if you enjoyed this book , i d love to hear from you at richard @ rgpost.com sources the order for the burial if the dead the book of common prayer the revelation of st john the divine 17 : 1 - 3 the gospel according to st matthew 5 : 3 - 5 song of the chattahoochee by sidney lanier a voice from on high by bill monroe lines composed a few miles above tintern abbey by william wordsworth the wind in the willows by kenneth grahame in the garden by charles austin miles for the beauty of the earth by folliot s. pierpoint the good - morrow by john dunne the first book of samuel 3 : 4 , 9 the complete tales of uncle remus by joel chandler harris jesus is real to me as adapted by mary lee walking by henry david thoreau the good - morrow i wonder by my troth , what thou , and i did , till we lovd ?
he ran towards the edge of the helipad and jumped off the side of his 5 story buildingand down intohis massive garden .
grigor stormed out of the house and onto the garden before napalm caught him .
when they found the room , they groped their way around her bed and to the built - in bookshelves that surrounded a window that looked out on a creepy old cactus garden .
but in arizona roadways they do nt show the worn out shacks some in arizona live in and the rusty appliances heaped up to form garden walls and they sure as hell do nt show the ruined holes , the open pits , where the copper mines once were and left after dumping mercury and acids over most of the soil .
zeke continued to tell him about the organic gardens everyone would be required to produce , taking trips out of lost secret to help endangered animals , and even planned on opening a mandatory lunchtime where he fixed every morsel of food .
i 'll plant a tree , i 'll plant a garden , i 'll sign up to save a whale .
freedom , peace , love , greenery , organic gardens , ebooks , timothy groaned , saving whales , saving the freaking rain forest , how should i know ?
you can take whatever you want out of the garden .
the guests ranged in style from sunday morning gardening to royal garden party .
back garden explosions .
feet black , michael arrived at a garden .
christ they live in the garden , i think , michael told her .
the image of a dead man in a garden came unbidden .
he started with something simple , the half mile to the supermarket as the crow flies putting in his path only one major road , four lanes of potential disaster , but otherwise just houses and gardens , bushes and fences to scramble over and wrestle through , utilizing doors and windows where possible , gates , ignoring the tv watching residents whose surprise at his appearance and subsequent passage through their living - rooms and kitchens , downstairs toilets and gazebos left them momentarily paralysed and disbelieving , sufficiently so that he could be on his way in seconds and they might return to whichever soap opera , film or documentary had previously occupied their attention .
like tarmac accelerating and braking , negotiating obstacles , tunnelling and clambering over , unfastening gates and moving hinges , communicating with the outside world through an interpreter , her body the conduit , the garden and the living - room , both empty and occupied .
the garden stretched beyond his vision , which , he recalled , was limited ; he simply could nt make out its far boundary , the grass blurring into the sky , green into blue .
until his garden , his kitchen ; his cat grown large .
going by the address provided on www.politicalstalker.com , i found maggies personal address with surprising ease : 25 rose garden lane , in a quaint yet posh suburb just outside of london .
a figure cast gnomes at the greenhouse in the next garden .
another kicked over garden furniture and pots and vases .
almeric knelt , whispered , in the garden .
in the garden ... hugget clambered over him and disappeared down the back of the bed .
he always backed around into their drive , often running over the edge of the garden where they had the quince bush .
he stormed into the garage and collected a four foot piece of angle iron that used to be one their back garden fence posts before they had the wall put up , and a two pound lump hammer .
it was light and airy and not at all what he had expected , as he was aware that it was situated over the tractor sheds for the parks and gardens unit .
i would have learned more about construction trying to rebuild my back garden wall than wasting my time pissing about up there .
like the line in the famous poem the highway man , he sported a head of hair coloured like mouldy hay and seemingly cut with garden shears , as it stuck out from his head at all angles .
eighty - six charleston gardens was in the middle of one of weston - super - mares two large council estates .
there were no kids in sight , but giggles from behind the different garden hedges could be clearly heard .
look at the garden , will you .
he pointed next door where the neighbour had suddenly appeared in the garden to examine his already perfectly pruned roses .
the two streets of houses had quite long gardens on the southern and western sides so the place got plenty of light for plant growing which was mainly cash crops such as tomatoes and cucumbers .
old guy : if you let him go , i will give you free parsnips and turnips from my garden .
gg press is owned by the grecian garden , the alternative medicine company founded by nick and his entrepreneurial wife melanie ( who is releasing a real book within the next few months ! ) .
his only love was his garden back in west virginia , and how his tomato plants were getting along .
he just misses his garden .
he had a garden back in west virginny where we came from .
every morning he d go out to that garden , and if he saw even so much as a shadow of a lady bug or an aphid or any other kind of bug on one of his tomato plants , he d whip his little rubber band pistol out of his pocket and shoot that bug so fast it would make your head swim !
during that time , news of what had happened spread across the western states just like manure through mitchs new garden in front of the sheriffs office .
how can you think of your silly garden at a time like this !
i did nt mean to say your garden was silly .
he vaulted over the fence mitch had put up around his new garden and blocked mitchs path .
then one day , a dozen ruffians broke through his garden gate and started helping themselves to his melons without asking !
my garden just got planted , so i m afraid there s nothing ripe out of it yet that i can give you .
he set the bowl down on the path next to his new garden , then gripped the knife firmly and tossed a head of lettuce in the air .
i remembered yesterday the many times i would go visit mitch back in west virginia , and watch as he sliced up vegetables from his garden .
they found him weeding around his squash plant in the garden in front of his office .
after the ladies aid angrily told mitch they would nt give him any food for the vagrants , he spent the day happily working in his garden .
i ' m almost tempted to arrest myself just so i can spend the night in jail and have free , fresh salad from my garden !
when asked what was in the sacks , he just smiled and then carefully watered his potato and cucumber plants in the garden next to his office .
fifteen minutes later they reported back to mitch in his garden that bomont was at the saloon with a lot of his ranch hands , celebrating how they had beaten the sheriff , and enjoying free drinks from the saloon keeper .
mitch 's garden was growing like a weed , except of course he allowed no weeds in it .
and then he went out to his garden , leaving cousin elias still wondering if he should feel relieved or worried about what mitch had said .
mitch was often over at her cottage at the edge of town to admire and talk about her garden , and the two frequently exchanged seeds and plants .
some people said it was because he was trying to sew together a thick enough suit of clothes so the dogs could n't bite through it , while others said he was writing out a detailed watering and weeding schedule for his garden , to give to mrs . gates before he was laid in boot hill .
` ` well , '' he drawled finally , still trying to drag things out as long as he could , ` ` i was on the road to soda jerk springs when i remembered my little sister 's dog pooch , and how it made the mistake of trampling through mitch 's garden back in west virginia .
after that mitch stirred up a vegetable and beef stew to end all stews -- like this one -- and hooked that dog so bad on it that it would stay out of his garden ever after , and would do anything he asked if he just tapped on his stew pot . ''
` ` i ' ve got a garden to take care of and a town to watch .
to the amazement of all , actual weeds appeared in mitch 's garden , and some of his plants began to droop from lack of water .
mitch was clearly letting his sheriff responsibilities slide , as well as his garden , and it was a pathetic sight .
where before he would constantly water and weed his plants and baby them along , now he hardly touched his watering can , and left his garden to fend for itself against weeds and the hot nevada sun .
he also started going over to mitchs garden and watering it with whiskey every afternoon .
i want to see your garden ! ''
` ` my garden ? ''
but the thing mitch and judith mae liked best was to spend time in their gardens .
they spent hours in mitchs garden at the sheriff 's office , tenderly watering each plant , carefully weeding down each row and talking to all of the beets , radishes , egg plants , etc .
then they would walk out to farmer jones ' house and spend more hours doing the same thing with judith mae 's flower garden .
an organ was being imported all the way from sacramento and a reception was planned after the wedding at judith mae 's flower garden outside farmer jones ' house .
then everybody followed the bride and groom out to judith mae 's flower garden at farmer jones ' place for the reception .
there was plenty of chili and bread for everyone , and lots of salad from mitch 's garden ( which hardly anyone ate ) and some cake and plenty of water to drink .
` ` oh , and i should mention , '' suzy mae added , ` ` i ' m going to be staying at my house while i m sheriff , and let cousin elias keep the jail , with the instruction to fix your meals from mitch 's garden . ''
make sure the town stays out of trouble , do n't forget to feed the dogs , and remember that mrs . gates has free access to all my gardening tools and seeds , since she 'll be taking care of my garden and judith mae 's flowers while we 're gone . ''
a spray of water from a garden hose slung itself in a heavenly arc over the sky .
and what of the girl with the garden hose , what of stacies love life ?
the twosome admired the gardens of the houses in a way they had n't admired gardens before , or even noticed the magnificence of grass and bushes .
they ate in the back of tyrone 's van , midst strange smelling cardboard boxes , stolen road signs and sundry garden gnomes .
jones had yet to wholly weed his garden .
henry steered toward a roof garden with a miniature golf course , came to rest in a water hazard and stepped out .
mom loved anything that bloomed , so she wanted to transform every inch of the area into a replica of the botanical gardens .
let me put it like thisif i told you that in my spare time i enjoy nothing more than picking up a brick and throwing it from one end of the garden to the other , you d call me deranged .
i assume that 's got something to do with the italian settlers who used to run market gardens around the outskirts of town .
he s like a garden hose .
spiritwind wondered if they grew roofing tiles in the garden .
the hammock was perched within the grounds of an english garden plucked direct from royalty .
the henchman sat with hugo in the delightful garden the hero was unknowingly imprisoned in .
believing they were thinking the same thing hugo stood to tell the world , starting with the garden .
it was a fine piece of garden architecture .
nobody argued as they headed out into the garden .
i had to hear the evidence spouted in that garden for long enough , but who is the man without such labels ?
a sunlit beer garden could be seen through a door to the right .
` ` that looks like our garden .
brick pointed down to rick and biritvind 's garden .
the pair stepped out into their garden .
he was n't overly familiar with the contents of the garden storage facility that came with the rented house , especially not from this angle .
uncle reefer disappears into the tangle of weeds he calls his ' back garden ' , leaving aunty latch and yo - yo in the kitchen with their distant cousin and permanent resident lily gusset .
you could be decaying in the garden .
his feet kick and his podgy fists wave as the otters , badgers , beavers and bustards spill over the steps and into the garden .
cries yo - yo as the penny farthing skids away and over the wall to land in a rose - bush in a garden below .
he runs for refuge into the minster yard 's garden .
dr molasses : ven he vas only a little boy , he vood run around ze hospital gardens drawing attention to hiss vinkie ...
it is armed with torches and pitchforks , tar and feathers , large , blunted garden shears , stocks , a ducking stool and several sacks of rotten tomatoes , stinky old eggs and sloppy , wet dog - turds .
i buried them both in the garden , ate the lasagne , packed my bag and . ''
'' the nudie boy , who then ran away into the minster 's gardens , has been identified . ''
he is breakfasting at the ambience caf bar , bistro and tea garden in gillygate .
he also gets to sit in a lovely garden with wooden tables and green and white umbrellas watching a rabbit playing on a lush green slope by an ancient wall .
'' he goes round the garden talking to trees .
yo - yo seizes a garden fork and backs into the corner under a tree .
the tour took them past a trio tinkling glasses and smoking foul - smelling cigars around a sandstone birdbath , itself ringed by rose beds ; past an amorous couple pretending to be interested in a georgian sundial ; past a large sunken herb garden in which a class in life - drawing with a most fetching nude model seemed to be taking enrolments ; and then around to the party zone proper .
a five piece band pulsed out unhurried jazz by the cabana , which looked to be half a mile away as the place was so huge , and yet a well - trained discus thrower , if he could have cleared the height of all the plush flora , might have lobbed a stone or discus or molotov cocktail from the crowded sightseeing spot of hanging gardens , about another 80 yards higher in altitude on their beloved malabar hill , right onto dickey and charles precisely trimmed buffalo grass .
she wisely decided to ignore them , for not even the most professional of scarecrow antics had succeeded in the past , and she guided arden to a shaded part of the garden where a rail - thin actress was prettily sipping from a blue paper umbrella adorned drink .
= = = = = chapter 8 : addition through subtraction both a botanical garden and a public park , the greens was a beautiful stretch of landscape in the central district of upper southrump .
the entire area encompassed acres , and it could easily have been mistaken for the garden of eden .
bugs stood firmly upon the crushed , gravel - paved path at the center of the gardens .
a couple of gardens once housed flowers and plants , but now contained only weeds and dead stalks .
brackers face looked positively purple , and the veins on his neck were sticking so far out they looked like a string of garden hoses .
her flower garden was a sight to behold , and was equally loved by her neighbors and all the bees in town .
in his early years , he would spend hours helping her in her flower garden .
the elder mr . bracker found out about it on christmas eve when he chanced to notice that mikes wish list to santa was entirely focused on garden tools rather than football equipment .
others were certain an oversized garden gnome had been sucked up by a far away tornado , and thrown hundreds of miles to land , as unglamorously as possible , in the middle of the parking lot .
however , the picture showed mary , surrounded by about a half dozen potted ferns , receiving a large crystal bowl from a six foot garden gnome .
upon its completion , the executives parked in a tranquil garden oasis secured with its own private entrance .
bruce springsteens secret garden starts playing over the stereo .
fortunately , the frontal garden was more than sizable enough for a phoenix to land comfortably .
he found he had green fingers and he had the north pole kitchen garden unseasonally productive - by using hydroponics he was getting double yields on arctic moss and was absolutely up to the elves ' necks in lush green turnip tops and the reindeer had simply been overgrazing for months and were many many pounds overweight and needed emergency diets to have any chance to get slimmed down to their normal flying weight before christmas eve .
the smell of roasting fish wafted in the air above the makeshift beer garden where they sat overlooking the atlantic ocean .
their land cruiser turned right at the end of gibson street and a further right on to united nations drive passing the stone tables and benches of the beer garden outside papa romeo bar to their left .
brad turned and walked despondently out of the office towards the helipad , kicking a stone that had dislodged itself from stans vegetable garden .
he even saw one tease a mouse to death for hours in his back garden some years previously from his upstairs room , an impressive but disturbing sight .
father cormac was in his dressing gown pruning the shrubs in his garden ( a weekly activity he immensely enjoyed ) when dexters land rover entered the mission compound and pulled up on his verge .
the boy , whom victor had nearly flattened at the gates of the mission compound on their somewhat hasty departure , ran to the garden fence of the priest who was about to restart pruning his shrubs .
there is a band setting up in the corner of the beer garden .
stinky 's stately cranium was now laden in an outbreak of small beady sweat , making him appear similar to a bulging garden tomato that had been hosed off and left out in the afternoon sunshine .
across the equator and beyond to peru , where incan moon - orbiting cows learn to moo , we study calculations at the feet of archimedes , all the whilst planting gardens of sugar diabetes .
the view was best enjoyed while floating in the large multilayered pool , with its swim - to bar positioned between color infused waterfalls dominating the verdant backyard gardens .
in what has evolved into a delightful rite of springtime passage , smudgely takes great pride in opening the favored swimming hole and -- in distinct contrast with his customary formal demeanor -- entertains the household staff for hours on end with a variety of tricks involving a common garden hose .
at the end of our run we were met with several buckets of cold water , a lame apology made for having covered us so entirely in newly - picked garden commodities .
` ` mr . de thon has arrived and is making his way through the herb garden . ''
i timorously pushed away from the comforting shadows of the tropical themed water garden , well aware the ill - fitting speedo on loan to me might advertise certain personal products which , at this moment , were better served by remaining shelved in my private stockroom .
instead , i heightened my pace and crossed over the seine on the pont de la concorde , angling through the jardin des tuileries -- its magnificent gardens rising to full strength -- to the rue de rivoli and , finally , the rue de richelieu .
we were traversing the gardens and suddenly we came across a place we d never been before .
there are bridges over a stream , and sandy paths that lead in and out of it , bushes with trees from the main open area of the gardens .
wednesday on thursday levin , erwan and levin machill visited the botanic gardens and discovered the fabled land of narnia .
it was a constant feature of the gardens which in their ignorance they had simply never noticed before .
wednesday 13/02/02 fear and loathing in the botanic gardens today is wednesday .
we had planned to visit narnia by taking tea ( special tea ) and visiting the botanic gardens .
bury him in the garden , suggested james .
ok . somewhere in the garden , i suppose , machill said , exhaling .
mmf , he said ; our garden ?
botanic gardens ?
the rose gardens the botanic gardens hmm yeah , he said .
how about somebody elses garden ?
machill skidded a right turn at the top of eglantine avenue and took the sharp l - straight- of chlorine gardens , left onto stranmillis .
we made him agree a ) not to go to sleep , and b ) to meet us at the main gates of the botanic gardens at about eight .
i phoned levin , but just got the goddam bt blah blah blah leave a message stupid fuck , which meant that levin had probably turned his phone off goddamm and had probably gone to sleep and probably would nt meet us at the botanic gardens on time .
we walked up malone road and cut through chlorine gardens and up and round stranmillis road and to the gates of the botanic gardens .
we walked up malone road and cut through chlorine gardens and up and round stranmillis road and to the gates of the botanic gardens .
they looked at the garden gathering its strength to bloom with spring fat bees blowing upwards towards the window ; chirping birds nestling in the still - bare trees about to bud .
a cat in some garden near - by mewed in sympathy .
we went to the botanic gardens .
some months ago levin , hamish and erwan had been talking together in the botanic gardens , drinking out of a lucozade bottle .
now he , erwan and hamish were drinking it out of a lucozade bottle in the botanic gardens .
later , in the botanic gardens , their livers slightly ached .
contents tiger alpine assignment the road taken skiddlethorpe uneasy assassin command performance svetlana family reunion set a thief ... fantasy a harmless deception fowlers cave about the author cover photograph : linn of tummel , late summer 2012 tiger tom raced down the garden , across the sunken lane and up into the meadow beyond , towards a pond where he had often fished unsuccessfully for newts and tadpoles .
after yet another five or six it was a relief to see sophie herself in the garden of her little house by the long arm of the sea .
the response , though wary , was positive , and a few evenings later i duly turned up at 38 dorchester gardens .
even the fans sounded as if they were beginning to relax a little in their unremitting task and dave was thinking about his garden as he watched the operative casually lean across to pull the last block straight and crayon in its number .
there s a garden right down the stairs .
she decided to walk around the campus , and then took up a seat on a bench in the garden to wait .
he had noticed the damaged bike in the front garden and he offered to give con a lift home .
claudio explained that they also had a small orchard in which they grew apples , lemons and soft fruit , a kitchen garden with root vegetables , cabbage and herbs , as well as enough pasture for the three cattle that provided them with an income from the sale of milk and beef .
idris was convinced she had seen a ghost and shouted ectoplasm , at the same time making a madcap dash out of the house , across the vegetable patch and into the garden shed , where she hid under an old carpet and refused to come out for two days .
in the controlled atmosphere of the outside broadcast con had been relatively relaxed , but faced with a busy pub on a friday night , a beautiful woman who had asked him out for a drink and the attention of an unpredictable assembly that was already merry , he immediately lost all of his self confidence and would have happily agreed to the sacrifice of one of his lesser used bodily organs in order to be sitting quietly in his room at mrs duggets bed and breakfast in lower rock gardens where the producers assistant had booked him a room for the night .
the flat itself was double glazed and had an uninterrupted view , above the trees , right across kensington gardens to the serpentine .
they woke up winterhaiming and made their way out into the garden to sit in the afternoon sun .
are you trying to tell me that jungle patch you call a garden actually has a gardener .
i warn the lot of you , if i catch any blundering elephant in my garden , ill turn my trees onto him .
he took lady marlebones arm as he led them down the long hallway to the back of the house and into the garden .
he was kneeling down working on the handful of scraggily flowers that grew near his front gate , he often referred to them in misguided pride as his garden .
lady marlebone steered the young people , cynthia and winterhaiming , out into the garden where they could be alone .
in the garden , vicar .
mr plant was buried in the garden ?
oh , clem buried it in the garden .
clem buried it.i mean , lord haddington buried it in the garden ?
in the garden , your lordship , she s just been fed .
these pleasant stories with an undertone of humor , follow the adventures of several non competitive attractive women over twenty one years of age , as they seek to become a synchronised swimming team , ' sun on the rocks ' , led by the incombustible twenty five year old stevenson garden products ( sgp ) malibu teleoperator clarity nice , a woman of resourceful intuition , and acute observer of the laws of human mischief .
he remembered how surprised he had been to learn that the chelsea physic garden was simply a herb garden and not some kind of gymnasium ; or that the british legion was utterly different to the foreign legion .
he remembered how surprised he had been to learn that the chelsea physic garden was simply a herb garden and not some kind of gymnasium ; or that the british legion was utterly different to the foreign legion .
from the road it might appear to be the house of a well - to - do doctor or some such , surrounded by high red - brick walls in which a large well - cared - for garden could be glimpsed .
there are naturally no signs advertising the presence of base ( or , for that matter , the clef below ) and the garden gate is almost always kept closed and locked .
drade smiled to himself when he remembered how harris had hidden another residents bicycle in full view in garden , disguising it as a snow - covered bush , complete with little pieces of foliage poking out a few weeks ago , during some rare winter weather .
the three tramped down the garden path and away from delaneys bungalow .
this building and garden was the centre of the town .
and you know that old boat outside in the garden , between the allotment and the orangery ?
the two laughed together , and from a distance , they might have been father and son ambling through their garden talking about their shared passion for sailboats .
as was his way , he had not dithered , following the great parting of ways earlier that day in the garden of base , and had immediately mounted his steed and galloped , as well as any cyclist could , towards what had become known as centre stage , stopping only at the chelsea bun to pick up some light sustenance .
already , the little patch of ground , which passed for a garden , was covered in an ever - spreading , silvery - scaled carpet .
the crops in the garden patches were always bad .
the secret bandit camp she lived in with her brother eventually finally came into sight for henna , complete with the secret weed - strewn garden plots and fields , secret campfires , secret tatty tents and not - so - secret latrine pits .
anything was better than munching on roots as she weeded the garden , and a diet of raw potatoes got real bland real fast .
actual supplies were a rarity here , except just after the weak harvests of whatever had ripened in the garden plots .
another of the many camp gossips popped out of a tent and watched henna balefully as she headed first to the trench , then headed off to her small garden plot .
the second type came up real fast as henna watched helga out of the corner of her eye while marching towards the gardens .
the gardens were close to her tent .
the garden was waiting for her inside .
henna the red - haired stood up , stretched , shook out her hair and started brushing her hair with her fingers as she chatted with the ghosts she had guarding the small potato bushes and other greenery in the garden plot .
there was one blessing yesterday 's raid had kept everyone busy , too busy to try stealing from her garden .
her garden was safe from them .
the garden was a relatively peaceful spot , as far as the bandit camp went .
life was quiet and normal , even to the gleaming skulls henna had posted around her garden plot .
that 's why i line the garden and our tent with skulls .
better water your garden really well before you leave , it 'll take at least a couple weeks to get there and return .
just left a message for ali to water the garden occasionally .
it 's almost the same bush i surround my garden with at home to keep the neighbors out .
someplace a special garden would ' ve been grown , if they had one here .
they were apparently popular with witches looking for gardens .
he was still lying on his back in the middle of the large ring of standing stones , beside a small fire and surrounded by what looked like a witch 's garden of weird plants .
she could already see that he was upset about being naked and helpless in a witch 's garden ; and that all his other reflexes were in good working order .
the apprentice coughed and ducked the wandering smoke from the fire again , looking around the garden they were camping in with watering eyes .
you could always hang around my garden with the other ghosts and guard it for me .
i think she 's going to hate being away from her gardens , but she 'll be there .
it beats being here selling goodies from gardens .
back at his house , russell had a nice cup of lady grey tea with a couple of digestive biscuits , munched down a few cucumbers from his own vegetable garden and relaxed for a while , recovering his strength .
for a normal human the bag would have been heavy , but russell delighted in tossing it from hand to hand like a packet of chips as he walked out through his garden and back up to the road .
the garys were all sitting on plastic garden chairs , while pipes descending from the ceiling were strapped to each of their mouths .
he kicked out at several of the clones as they droned on about the memorial speeches russell held whenever one of his plastic dinosaurs was shot during a back garden civil war .
he was in a beautifully manicured rooftop garden , little shrubs arranged in neat lines around quaint patches of lawn .
by now , our heros face had turned purple , and the blood vessels on his neck stood out so much they looked like garden hoses .
the backyard was spacious , with plenty of trimmed bushes and a garden and a shed .
they arrived at the rather aptly named ' pension ' in no time with merlot deep in a fog of confusion , but he saw right away the place bore absolutely no resemblance to his agents portrayal of a cheerful looking place with a leafy family beer garden ... as he had seen advertised on the internet .
the technician was obviously too smartly dressed for his position as the hotel handy man ; but he left the grubby jobs to the two young apprentices who slaved away in the gardens while he was busy cutting cocaine in room number 6 or helping the girls get their laptops plugged into the wifi .
these pleasant amusements with an overtone of humor , follow the adventures of several women over twenty one years of age , as they seek to become a non - competitive synchronised swimming team , ' sun on the rocks ' , led by the incombustible stevenson garden products ( sgp ) teleoperator clarity nice , a woman of resourceful intuition , and acute observer of the laws of human mischief .
cynthia is the well - to - do daughter of the owner of the stevenson garden products company , established in malibu , the first nudist corporate outfit worldwide , to our knowledge , a fact well deserved and established when clarity and her friends took on the malibu case and its clothing implications .
she looked at the garden of the hotel and could guess a beautiful pool in the far back , with a seaview .
clarity turned around and saw lanai explaining to optesia the flower sprinkler system working at the entrance of stevenson garden products in malibu , and claritys role as teleoperator there .
from the door leading to the garden and the pool , they saw avene maxini speaking with penelope avalon , the spokesperson of the elony beauty lotion , the beauty product of scafarel that was sold illegally throughout the caribbean , pending fda approval .
she checked the website of stevenson garden products , the place in malibu where she used to work as teleoperator , ensuring it was up and running , something that reassured her during times of distress .
while montana started speaking of the colorado board of education and university of colorados adult program to the hyatt employee , clarity studied their way out to the garden .
clarity , running barefoot , stepped on the garden grass to avoid several guards who were gathering behind the door .
the bell warrior , whose rotor mechanism had been blocked by the adult remote , was being carried on a large , levelled car load truck , and was trying to make its way to bakals garden .
i confessed that i would be feeling better if we had played for any audience larger than the garden nursing home of greater florence or any audience with an average age less than seventy before this gig .
there were no chairs to be found , which is good because at our last concert i had a folding chair thrown at me by one of the ladies at the garden nursing home of greater florence .
continuing on to our life and environment segment , two dozen maple trees were planted at the garden nursing home of greater florence on monday , which will remove 312 pounds per year of carbon dioxide from our air .
built an eco - friendly chicken coop out of recycled car tires in the garden of a preschool ( during this he has been lazily raising one arm ) for blind kids .
well , it does nt taste like what you get at the garden spot .
mr . ang claimed to have seen him breaking into his garden shed late the other night .
here the neighbours kept each other at arm 's length , surrounded by luxurious gardens full of palms and wisteria .
cascades of fresh , clear water fell into beautiful swimming pools adorned with stone dolphins or mock grecian columns , sprinklers refreshed the neatly cropped lawns , and from every balcony or garden bench , the ocean , shimmering and shifting like a screensaver .
he would never be able to go to lakeside gardens with her , or to morley 's , or camberley heights .
the gardens were his domain , and nobody knew better than he did what needed doing and when .
brendan was to justify everything he did in the gardens .
before a metal garden gate which gave on to a wild , semi - abandoned patch of garden , spotty told ambrose to wait .
before a metal garden gate which gave on to a wild , semi - abandoned patch of garden , spotty told ambrose to wait .
the rest of the area will be ripped up , entirely , all of it , from the terrace steps down to the garden path , and as far as the flower beds .
the only sound was that of the birds singing in the garden , and of a distant vacuum cleaner which seemed to rock them with its rhythmical movements .
he turned away suddenly , with an arrogant gesture , the bullfighters disdain for the humiliated beast , and led sydney off towards the gardens .
all around him the garden bloomed in effusive glory and he paused to take in the sight .
bro was wrong ; it was not brendan or brendans son who now looked after the gardens .
zac took a nap close to mrs . spinozas fenced - in fruit garden .
professore , suddenly rent the clear , tranquil air of tivoli gardens .
there s nothing so unsuspecting as a self - righteous , foreign tour guide quoting scripture in the middle of a fight , she said , taking harper by the arm and ushering him gently toward the entrance to the gardens and past gasping bruce whose legs felt rooted to the ground , despite jeans rousing performance .
i had to give him a nudge , april said glancing back over her shoulder at bruce who was now wandering off in the other direction back toward the garden canteen .
on his return to the gardens , he spied his assistant enthusiastically snapping photos of the wonderful panorama of fountains , trees and ponds spreading out in the valley below .
bruce gawped in disgusted disbelief out over the lush green splendor of tivoli gardens .
never could understand why they ever needed so many showers in a swimming baths , he said , feeding bruces indignation while admiring the genius of a people who had built such a spectacular garden two thousand years ago .
mel inhaled delicately behind his masters back , admiring the richness of the fragrance , a much deeper scent than the same flowers growing in his own back garden .
bleached by the sun , bruce sagged down onto a stone bench beside the largest waterfall in the garden contemplating , so it seemed , his heartbeat gurgling with a gravelly sound that rivaled the noise of the rushing water .
they sat side by side eating their lunches amid the roar of florid civilisations in that deep , delicious garden , munching away at a stalk of celery they both found at the bottom of their bags until bruce felt he had convalesced enough and , awakened by an urge to explain things , loosened his collar which had become suddenly uncomfortably tight .
the rest was like a calling to arms , a startling and lifting into the air of all the birds in the forest , for when kayley recognized the emergency that now faced them all , every other student in the garden turned their heads , and then they all closed in to see the fallen coach driver .
remember when we were at tivoli gardens all day ?
you ve been funny about blokes ever since tivoli gardens .
and what of the honey bee that has laboured feverishly to provide you with a treat to spread lavishly on hot buttered toast ; who has worked his stripy little socks off in parks and gardens , before once more joining the throng in a buzzing waggle dance that collects , pollinates and finally contributes to an economy worth billions of pounds every single honeycombed annum ?
scoff at your peril would be my stinging retort to that dismissive , for it may surprise you to learn that reginald frimpton , a man you would nt know from adam if he juggled boiled eggs in your garden , ( i suppose he may well have done but that s not the point ) , is none other than the revered crime writer , felicity grayling , whose adaptations for television are too numerous to mention .
over the subsequent years , he has dreamt it ten - fold , he has mulled over and re - examined his adolescent stupidity ; he has even begged forgiveness from the almighty the song thrush which landed at the top of the garden was a juvenile of perhaps , one month .
on passing the peace gardens , arnold did a double take ; for there , on a graffiti - blistered bench , resplendent in full regalia and exhausted bicycle clips , completely disheveled and unquestionably sobbing , perched the reverend colin wheatsheaf .
his ten - year - old cat , desmond , gives him a baffled , unsettled look and decides it is time to murder something in the overgrown garden .
amanda , even more than the dichotomy of a cheese grater found in the herb garden of a well - known perch wrangler .
he began to nose around , sidestepping overflowing cardboard boxes , wellington boots , lawn mower parts , broom handles , take - away cartons , piles of washing , tool boxes , framed photographs of alsatians , untouched family packs of fruit juice , an unassembled vacuum cleaner , a garden scythe , bin bags full of crockery , curtain rails , an old bicycle frame and an ancient - looking rocking chair containing a ventriloquists dummyall this flotsam and jetsam , yet arnold had only managed to make about three - yards progress he spotted an airline ticket on the central table .
arnold , its such a nice day i thought we might enjoy our tea in the garden , suggests wheatsheaf .
edith moseleys telephone startles the old lady back to reality and the image of the son she never witnessed playing in her garden , is lost until the next time .
these are the delights currently circulating around the contented imagination of the reverend colin wheatsheaf this crisp and life - affirming morning , as he busies himself in the small workshop at the bottom of his spacious garden .
its fair to say that arnold matson had nt envisaged being stuck on a riverbank with a garden cane and string with a hook tied to the end , but he certainly never imagined the amount of accessories and pre - planning necessary to catch , whichever way you looked at it , a fish .
when it was over , we all trooped outside to the walled garden for some photographs .
they d disappeared towards the end of the evening ; we had nt been able to find them anywhere and it was only the taxis headlights that had illuminated them scrambling out of the shrubbery in the walled garden .
the pressure intensified as sunday droned on with nothing to report of interest other than derek being in the garden and anne and grandma preparing the delights of a sunday roast fit for a small clan rather than a small family .
in one deep breath , he d taken laura from a smothered kitten ready to be pampered at the foot of the bed , to a vicious pit - bull in the neighbours back garden , scratching at the fence to get through to its target .
like the stroll to the pearly gates or the garden of eden , just less peaceful .
perched at the top end of a short , hilly street shaded by jacarandas , it was a sprawling federation - style queenslander , immaculately kept , with a double front staircase , a fountain gracing well - behaved gardens and a security intercom on the front gate .
the grosvenor was near the city botanic gardens , and of course the few on - street parks were full .
an old man watering the front garden of the house on the corner stared at him .
city botanical gardens 3 pm tomorrow .
* * * at ten past three , reuben arrived at the front gates of the botanical gardens .
in the city , he parked in an underground car park and ran the three blocks to the botanical gardens , dodging and weaving through the pedestrians .
stopping inside the entrance gates , he surveyed the path winding through the rolling expanse of lawn , garden and gigantic moreton bay fig trees .
it was a saturday and although the interior bars were closed to the public during the shooting , the beer garden was overflowing .
* * * the shoot wrapped up at six oclock with scott stalking out into the beer garden again for a cigarette after ordering marcus to tidy up and rearrange the furniture .
if anyone asked , he was waiting for a friend , but apart from an old woman watering her garden a couple of houses down , there was no one around .
what was the point of watering your garden when it was obviously going to rain ?
i just nipped out and picked this up from the garden .
so why do nt you two go and have a seat in the garden .
antonias offer to help with the cooking was politely declined and she was whisked into the garden the same way she had been whisked into the house .
with that , he got up and ran from the room back into the garden .
ant went out into the garden and sat beside perg .
was it acting legend al pacino who had bought a 17,000 square - foot space , complete with vintage auto - sized de - pitting tubs ( one is used as an indoor hot - tub , and the other filled up with pebbles and sand to form a zen garden ) ?
the menu of meat on the bone , seasonal vegetables from their garden out back , and down near macon , along with sugary homemade desserts guaranteed to send you to the dentist , is a winning one .
speaking of which , the muck in the brown - field site adjacent to the match worksonce the imperium rail spur , loading dock and storage areais being transformed , grassroots - style , into a prairie demonstration garden , by artists squatting in half - finished lofts .
our artsy pair developed the demonstration garden on their own , amid an overgrown loading dock and the rail spurs ; they expressed excitement about its prospects .
her nephew ron is head of the newly re - constituted west signal park chamber of commerce ( re - founded 2004 ) and has labored for several years to get new eateries to locate here , so far unsuccessfullyhes now running the family - owned beer garden .
quite a few writers gathered at the beer garden , in the early twentieth century .
on my way from the park to the beer garden , i discovered in that serendipitous way of expert travel writers , the ostensibly charming district - within - a - district , tiny carpathian village ( roughly around pantograph st . and dreary ave . ) .
its a butterflyweve been finding more of them , as the demo garden leafs out .
its just a really colorful moth , she said resignedly , and then brushed past the rest of the garden and continued moving toward the railroad tracks on her quest for broken glass .
as he pulled up to our group , breathless and struggling to speaknot realizing we had already heard his newsa powerful chicago gust blew up , and combined with the draft from the passing freight , the demonstration garden was now caught up in a stiff whirlwind that blew everyones hair amiss and silenced any chatter .
the wind reminded me of where we were , as even the trash that had been caught on various garden branches now dislodged , rising upward , sweeping the area , if only for an instant , clean of human residue .
the terrace overlooked a small rose garden in which i could watch the seasons unfold .
she walked over to our garbage can , lifted the lid , placed the garden hose in , and turned it on .
i stomped out the flames and then soaked it with the garden hose .
he began to talk about his garden and the flowers he had planted this summer .
ninja one and ninja two were most definitely trouble makers , i decided as rex droned on endlessly about his bonsai garden which clearly fascinated him to no end .
your gardens must be lovely , i said doing my best to stifle a yawn .
but the most interesting thing in my garden in my dads back yard , he was saying , are the plants hidden in the far corner .
these spicy , sausage - stuffed mushrooms will go over even better than the shrooms rex grows in his dads garden .
i walk past the duck pond and the small boys fishing with their cane rods and green mesh nets , catching tiddlers to put in their jam jars ; past the rose gardens with the old age pensioners sitting on park benches reflecting on times gone by ; and past the art college with its students carrying their latest canvas creations .
julian manoeuvres past the lawn mower and garden spades to press the green button enclosed in a small metal box on the wall .
built from red brick , terracotta and timber framing , they are set well back from the main road , their fronts hidden by shrubs and trees flourishing in the spacious front gardens .
not only the fine garden just outside , but also the street , and the adjoining roads were packed with guests , all hoping to glimpse just one small part of that days joy .
success , he shot out into the back garden as if there were a dozen gerbils gnawing at his tail .
it was a three bedroomed 1930s house , so it had large rooms with high ceilings , and a seventy - foot garden with a garage at the end of it .
this would be after a home visit by the centre , to check on the suitability of our house and garden for tim .
after he had finished his dinner , which he wolfed down like a starved piranha , we let him out into the back garden .
this sat alongside the fence running down our back garden .
during kopeks mooching around the garden , he came across the rodent run .
quite often , we would see him in the back garden lying down next to the run , with his nose about two inches away from the wire .
i suppose they will keep for trekking out to the garden to feed the rodents in the mornings .
i spent the next ten minutes calming kopek down , and then put him outside in the back garden , while i set about cleaning up the kitchen .
we had also used it on him in the back garden , walking him up and down the lawn , and by now , he seemed comfortable with it .
he sounded quite optimistic , and he said that he d been quite successful when he had tried it out in his back garden .
at the bottom of our garden , between the end of our fence and the garage , is where we park our campervan .
i would then attempt to find which lucky neighbour had the privilege of kopek snuffling through their garden .
so we used to try to hide them in the garden somewhere , and hope he would nt find them .
i suppose it was a unique experience , i had never seen a paper covered garden before , it was sods law that it was two days before the fortnightly collection , so the bin was pretty much full .
we accomplished these two jobs quickly , and with little interference from kopek , due to us locking him out in the back garden .
i was thinking it might be better suited in the garden .
quite often , i had to leave him in there for an hour or so , while i potted about in the garden or the garage .
she reluctantly agreed to dismantle the run , and although this now gives kopek more space , it does make the garden look a bit empty .
sometimes it was two assassins with handguns that jumped over the stone wall surrounding the garden , and sometimes it was three assassins that came around the side of the house with submachine guns .
what they did do after shooting him was to prop him in a sitting position on the ground of the garden , take a wooden stake that was one inch wide by one inch thick by four feet long from one of the tomato plants , with a point on the end that went into the soil , tilt the nazis head back , put the pointed end in his mouth , and drive the stake down his throat , through his stomach and intestinal track , out his asshole , and into the grass on which he sat .
it did nt take much , with him knowing his heritage vis a vis his grandfather , the former real live nazi living in argentina , who someone evil had murdered , and left sitting upright in the garden next to his beloved tomato vines .
at the foot of the porch steps roger looked back up the street where he saw the guy leaning casually up against a garden wall , defiance on his face .
heres a list , off the top of my head , not that all these are things i like to do , but they are very popular : eat out at restaurants , cook nice food at home , go to sports events like cricket or tennis matches , read in bed at night , do church activities together , hike in the woods , camp out , drink good french wine , take kids to playgrounds , travel around the world , grow flowers in the garden , drive around in boats , watch old movies on tv .
off the top of my head , and i m not saying all these are things i m interested in , but examples are : hiking , going out to dinner at nice restaurants and talking about the food as you eat it , church activities if you are religious , going to sports events together and rooting for a team or an athlete , gardening together and then sitting in the garden with a glass of wine and enjoying the flowers you grew , reading in bed at night , paying attention to politics and supporting political causes .
said we were busy burying the heads out in the garden of some other people who tried to trick us .
you think they get up early to water their gardens ?
all he was doing was growing tomatoes out in the garden , and this guy killed him .
i did nt personally kill anyone who was growing tomatoes out in his garden , but i was a commander , and i had agents that i sent out on missions .
and they shut the tv off and go out to the garden to do a little weeding in the beds .
the warm afternoon sun bathes a group of children as they chase sammie through the garden .
these pleasant stories with an overtone of humor , follow the adventures of several non competitive attractive women over twenty one years of age , as they seek to become a synchronised swimming team , ' sun on the rocks ' , led by the incombustible twenty five year old stevenson garden products ( sgp ) malibu teleoperator clarity nice , a woman of resourceful intuition , and acute observer of the laws of human mischief .
a diligent employee of malibu outfit stevenson garden products , auburn hair pumpkin born and raised in a wood cabin of topanga canyon , a woman of resourceful intuition and acute observer of the laws of human mischief .
montana looked down as her hat landed on the entrance garden of the office building housing some of the most important businesses in the prosperous land of bahrain , an offshore money haven losing ground to dubai , but still scoring a respectable seventy eight percent in banking secrecy , placing tenth out of seventy one countries in the latest financial secrecy index .
his bare feet never noticed the hot asphalt road as he crossed it , diagonally , and entered mr . rakes botanical garden .
charles caught site of a concrete garden table , close to the house nearest to where they stood .
a garden sprayer , hanging from the wall and attached to a hose , sprays a fine mist over a portion of the rectangle , causing a small trail of water to make its way for the drain .
we sought a different path , any path that would take us to the first place we could grab a few minutes to be alone , secluded , and enveloped in our own secret garden .
it was nt difficult to find a secret garden , when there were so many of them .
my hotel was set on the back half of the property and overlooked a lush garden courtyard .
my rooms louvered french doors were on the wall opposite the main door and were meant only for access to the small private patio , which intruded into the garden courtyard .
so , i felt as if the courtyard was my private garden , and why noti was the only one who went in and out of it .
the garden was a very special place , almost magical in its serene beauty , though it was overlooked by everyone but me .
for the entire ten days of my stay , i never saw another person attempt to cut through the garden .
maybe he thought i was peeing in the seclusion of the garden .
they would have been the choice of any garden of eden .
by the afternoon of my second day at the hotel , i was taking the garden route exclusively .
during the week , once out of the garden , a pattern took shape : i would hike in the morning and into the middle of the day .
i returned to my hotel , cut through my secret garden , entered my room , devoured two bananas that i d had in reserve and a hard boiled egg from my refrigerator .
according to selgey , it happened just after bart threw her upwards toward the ceiling of the royal opera house in londons covent garden , and just before he caught her .
chapter 23 an invitation to lunch stirg and nev sat on a bench at white point gardens , watching the promenaders on the battery .
nev looked behind him , figuring she was sitting in a lawn chair hidden at the rear of the garden , and now was pointing her glock in his direction .
he debated offering nev a cup , and decided if the junes felt malice towards nev they would have shot him and buried him out in the garden .
and so this troupe of showgirls comes out doing these fan dances and then they bring out lola held by on a bed by four strong men and she 's all covered in fig leaves like from the garden of eden .
and so i say to you , my friends , it is time to return man to his natural state such as he enjoyed in the garden of eden !
but more importantly , my friends , i bring you straight from the garden of eden natures 's own first daughter , the lovely eve !
mum , dad and i were dashing in and out of the loo all night , with poor dad having to squat over the drain in the garden when mum took too a bit too long in the bathroom .
i m sorry you re having to live in a caravan in your back garden , but why do nt you look at it as a kind of holiday ?
i d do all the things with peanut that dad had wanted to do with me if only his work had nt got in the way : fishing in the canal , football in the park , camping in the back garden - hopefully , when dad found out he was going to be a grandfather , he would move back to shodsworth and join in with all the family fun he d missed out on before .
asked mum , who d been having a cigarette in the garden .
there would nt be father and son fishing expeditions , or camping in the garden , or trips to millets to select the best lightweight waterproof cycling trousers .
they were a block off the english garden , passing fashionable row houses and stately residences that had survived the war .
they were heading for the english garden , a black mass of woods in the night .
gordy followed tad outside , to the beer garden .
gordy headed a couple blocks west , making for the north end of the english garden .
he scanned the park for his pursuer but saw nothing too suspicious , at least as far as the english garden was concerned .
did you know , an american designed our english garden ?
three days had passed after they met in the english garden , and he still had not called her .
it was nothing like gordys house , which had a community garden and a tree fort , martys homemade hot tub and a broken - down school bus to play in and that was just the front yard .
one of the neo - nazis even had hair , like the leader one had that fateful night on the edge of the english garden .
then there s the spring festival , a scaled - down , old - school version of oktoberfest , and with june the famed beer garden season returns .
we went to home depot and made our way over to the lawn and garden section .
i found the necessary bags of stuff i was going to spread over my wilting lawn and to my delight saw there was no waiting at the lawn and garden register .
she was almost caught when a dummy 's arm fell off and a tattooed arm of the leader of the lesbian garden gang of freedom fighters hung out . , she also did nt mention the sunday dog fights that ended when the losing dog chased its tail and chewed itself to death .
the day after meeting them in the savoy restaurant and eating duck and roasted garlic potatoes ( the burgundy went so well with the duck ) , she went to chartres cathedral , and the day after that she went with them to kew gardens , and the day after that to the vic and alby museum .
they talked about gardens and art and museums and wine .
one day when they were eating langoustines and drinking champagne about 3 pm in the afternoon , roger started talking about womens fashions , analyzing how other women in the garden restaurant were dressed .
they were nt involved in any shady deal right now , though , sitting in the lobby of the savoy , deciding whether to go to covent garden to see the ballet or stay in their suite and watch a dvd starring william powell and myrna loy .
shimmey turned around and walked back to his car , and roger and the dog crossed through whitepoint gardens and headed up church street .
laleh got up from the table , went out the back door and down the steps to the walled garden where the dog was talking with the neighbors cat sitting on the wall .
at 3 am they negotiated six blocks of downtown alleyways and residential gardens , ending up in the ornamental shrubbery that surrounded the fountain that welcomed guests to the hotel with a frothing display of southern hospitality .
my daughter was found in someones garden , she died from head injuries .
ethel , the local crazy , was seen stuffing the kilt into her bag after i d discarded it into the nearest garden .
personally i feel hurt by the whole situation and have decided to go back to throwing sticks , although ill have to find a new garden to get them from as i ve taken all the branches from brians trees .
together we hammered out a list of things that i d shown interest in during my life so far : fish and chips feeding the ducks wwf wrestling going to the dry ski slope and seeing people fall over duck hunt on the nes writing my name on walls he - man skimming stones watching people fall over on youtube women i vetoed barrys suggestion that i enjoyed collecting my school bag from gardens after he d chucked it over on the way home from school .
the diary of an expectant father read an extract from the book : ~introduction~ i thought i d keep a diary ; i m never , ever going to show it to anyone , but i am going to bury it in the garden , sealed in a tightly wrapped plastic bag .
a vegetable garden was dug near the back wall , but since this was january nothing was growing .
yes i am , i said , walking out the back door to the shed holding garden supplies , the lawn mower and other yard sprucing stuff .
we were at an exhibition opening and in this one he 's outside in our garden , i explained .
or its just a yard , not a garden .
valley forge national historic park is only twenty miles away , and longwood gardens with stunning flowers and fountains and also exhibitions and concerts their christmas decorations are spectacular only sixteen miles away .
rita walked us around the place , a former beer garden that was now reborn as a cool and modern steakhouse .
that was all i was going to do in the garden for now .
the berries and jams were from allie who every fall picked every possible apple or raspberry in their garden and the spent days canning it all .
the next day , monday , after lunch , i sat down in the old rusty garden chair with a good mystery novel .
we really need to get a garden table , matt said .
maybe they could help , though , and maybe they d get me to a point where i could get through a day without thinking the stockboy at the grocery store was out to get me , or feeling worried about talking on the phone to my mother about how her garden was doing because they might have the line tapped .
the mayor , wearing a crooked stovepipe hat , gave him a tour of city hall and waxed eloquent on the exciting doings in town ; a first night ceremony , a spring garden show , a new stoplight in the town center .
kristin gaped in awe at its beauty and the spectacular gardens that surrounded it .
chapter 6 connor and kristin stood beside a grand four tier fountain in the gardens .
he was picking flowers from the front garden when they had arrived back home .
one possible answer should be obvious : gwen and catherine plan to execute the woman and bury her out in the junes garden .
take the womans walther , blow her brains out in the kitchen sink , and then , out to the garden with her .
just as roger was about to put the double thick strips of bacon into the pan , the thought occurred to him : they re talking in front of the woman because they re going to execute her and bury her out in the garden .
gwen said , no , dear , were not going to bump her off and bury her out in the garden , do nt worry .
gwen had gotten over the giggles associated with the idea of killing the woman and burying her in the garden , and was vigilant again .
had nt the girls already established the fact they were nt going to kill the woman and bury her in the garden .
when it was her turn to talk , she told him about her walk through the gardens with the deneuve .
the third school of thought , championed by none other than little jinny blistov , said they should tell stirg that anna was out in the garden , and he would be with her soon if he did nt tell them what he was up to .
you mean my garden project , catherine ?
the other bottle was set in the patio garden of a vineyard estate , with pea gravel on the ground and cream colored limestone block walls around the perimeter .
the women listened to music inspired by champagne ; they drank champagne while listening to music ; while listening to recitations of poetry ; while sitting in sculpture gardens .
she led the boys through the house to the back door that led outside to the garden , stopping only to pick up her purse .
the garden also was old , meaning the plants were old and mature and enveloping , which gave a sense of privacy and enclosure .
gwen went to the back wall behind the garage , dragged the rolling trash container into the garden , took hold of the paper bag , and turned it upside down .
anyway , there they were , in the junes garden , on the ground , radiating ugliness and malaise .
roger was looking around the perimeter of the garden , trying to see if any of the neighbors had come to their windows .
the house and wine - making buildings sit between these hills , surrounded by gardens , and hidden from roads and neighbors , while the vineyards are separated by lines of columnar cypress trees along which run dirt pathways used by the vineyard workers .
when he suggested going to the tasting room , deneuve begged off , asking for a bottle of water and if she might visit the gardens .
plouriva had brought engineering site drawings of the entire complex that included all the buildings , walkways , roads , gardens , and landscaped areas .
the dog got walked twice a day and the garden got some attention and the refrigerator got stocked up and a couple bottles of champagne were drunk and appreciated .
while they were doing this she got out the garden hose , and handed it to jinny .
when the owner of the charleston hotel objected to them firing their shotguns at pigeons while standing in the hotel garden , they had to give up that fun .
they would ride to the hotel on their horses , look wistfully at the flying pigeons as they crossed through the garden , and enter the hotel bar .
after a gin or two , and after much conversation with the other bar tenants , and after lots of laughing and maybe a dance step or two , and after giving henry the hotel owner a lot of shit for not letting them shoot out in the garden , well , elspeth would look at roger , and roger would look at elspeth , and that was that .
he writes short pieces about men and women enjoying each other , and enjoying food and wine and gardens and beaches , and walking the streets of the world 's great cities .
with drinks in hand they walked around to the pool area , through the seashore garden , and onto the beach .
for hours on end i had to dig grass , and every other miserable weed known to man , from her garden .
i had gone out to my mother 's house to help her with her garden .
we ended up just getting back on the freeway and heading back to town and having dinner at the olive garden three miles away from our house .
feeling a bit benevolent i decided to allow them to accompany me around the front of the house to the side of the house where we have just put in a vegetable garden .
my wife and i , despite having three able bodied children , have labored each weekend for the past month creating our new garden in a patch of yard that was worthless other than to grow grasscrab grass to be truthful .
he found a garden rake and used it to roll the object over and over while he took cover behind a wheelbarrow , at last convincing himself that it was n't going to blow up because of a little jiggling .
` ` yes , i like to take walks and roam the garden . ''
another dangerously funny one is , harry trumanmade a speech at the washington garden club , he kept referring to the good manure that needed to be used on the flowers .
sm readership and publications is an imprint of sudhir mittal facebook fan page twitter follow page blogs wordpress sudhirmittal @ sudhirmittal.in www.sudhirmittal.com complete collection of books from sudhir mittal the secret world on the other side of mind the unprecedented garden of life appetizers of the secret world 26 scruples for a fulfilled life 1000 descriptions of god the life you choose life will smile at you lead like a master invoking the self elixir is raining 365 gold coins see you god life again sud & me dedicated to you who have been waiting to see the garden of life prologue but what may be the harm in getting more if god nevertheless gives ?
the garden of life .
i wanted to ask her about the matter , but before i could muster up my courage , she asked ... wo nt you like to see the garden of life in my village ?
i was already astonished by the name , garden of life !
what is this garden of life she is talking about ?
in this ordinary village i can hardly imagine any splendor such as of a garden .
will this be any different from numerous stupendous lush gardens that i have seen at different places so far ?
gathering my courage once again , i asked , what is that garden of life ?
the garden of life is a garden .
yes , it is the real garden .
real garden !
so , this is what you wanted to know the garden of life , she said from behind .
you never get a company inside the garden of life .
the desertedness outside the garden was not haunting me .
about my upcoming adventure in the garden i was curious but not frightened , even though i was supposed to be alone there .
it felt awkward to see a wall before seeing anything else in the garden .
on my right side there was a narrow door opening to a couple of stairs for coming down in the garden .
i began reading , who will welcome you to the garden of life when it is your own garden only ?
i began reading , who will welcome you to the garden of life when it is your own garden only ?
the garden from inside must not strike awe upon you , because it is how you have made it yourself .
i was now ready for assuming the responsibility of my prospective findings in the garden .
23 can a garden be really of such a kind as well ?
is this the place which the little girl called as garden of life ?
it did nt look at all like a garden .
there were looking only a handful of trees in my vicinity which probably were insufficient for a garden of this size .
there looked no person or guard inside who would take care of the garden .
it said , ... the garden inside must not strike awe upon you , because it is how you have made it yourself ... oh !
is that the reason this place is called the garden of life ?
but will this garden be the same for everyone coming here ?
or is it my garden alone ?
she was insisting me for roaming inside the garden alone only .
it is indeed my own garden .
although the onset of garden was discouraging but at any cost i did nt want to sink in the ocean of grief .
i wanted to roam about the garden very much .
after i was sure of this garden to be my garden alone , i was more curious now to check the things sincerely .
after i was sure of this garden to be my garden alone , i was more curious now to check the things sincerely .
the enormity of my garden was completely incomprehensible to my understanding .
standing here on the brink of garden , i could nt see any yet .
the garden is too big here , how come the important one gets so near to the entrance only ?
it was probably the most ignored lamppost standing on the brink of the garden .
and why not , it was after all my own garden .
i do not know how come this garden of life has arrived in my life .
as i walked around a little , i began noticing that the garden was not as bad as it had appeared on the onset .
this second lamppost here in the garden brings for me the great insights .
take for example this garden of life itself .
~~~ in such garden of life , there was no one else to witness my alacrity .
my fear and prejudice before entering the garden , were now giving way to the superior understanding .
walking farther in an unknown direction , i was feeling surprised that the vastness of garden and my loneliness there was not haunting me .
given the overall barrenness of garden , this lifeless tree did nt surprise me much .
this strange patch , of however small size it was , could yet be said to be the biggest bed of green grass in the garden if there had not appeared another exceptional trouble in it .
in garden of life it is never a timeout .
then i read middle part of the writing , ... in garden of life it is never a timeout .
in the garden of life , not only the lampposts , but even the ways of reaching them are illuminating .
~~~ in the garden there was no specific footway or path as such to walk on .
but in my garden of life here was no such thing ; for neither the ground had much grass on it and nor had anybody ever roamed inside .
soon i realized that this particular section of garden was actually made in form of an island .
then for a minute , my thoughts suddenly moved out of the garden .
my gaze had fallen straight on the lamppost ; the one which was far away , as if on the other side of garden .
i was wondering about what had favored my destiny to have come across the little girl , and then this garden of life as well .
wish , all the people could get a chance to roam in their garden of life for once ; so that they would not regret for having to die without knowing the truth before .
it was the first time i had seen any bird in my garden .
the playfulness of the little creatures was spectacularly unique in the garden .
again , only the familiar scene was around ; a landscape which was near to barren and the one which i had known as my garden of life .
how come , even though this garden is deserted , i feel like home here ?
although i had faith about seeing that , yet the sight of my exit from the garden was perplexing .
it does nt appear to be any good idea to go back in the interiors of garden and look about for the seventh lamppost there .
within a moment i was in face of my biggest surprise about the garden .
across the in - fold corner of wall , it was quite a small but the most astonishing spot in the garden .
it had everything which i had been missing in my garden of life so far .
this corner looked to me as if completely isolated from the rest of the garden .
this garden of life is really so much wishful about seeing my elevation in life .
i wanted to stay in my garden of life for longer .
who will welcome you to the garden of life when it is your own garden only ?
who will welcome you to the garden of life when it is your own garden only ?
the entire experience of the garden of life flashed in my mind .
she was crouching on the ground while showing her back towards the gate of garden .
i was willing to talk about the garden , but little girl was once again up to her own terms only .
my mind was full of questions about her and also about the garden of life .
it was the real garden , was nt it ?
from the garden of life .
infact it was a garden of my life .
and if i ever tend to forget my garden , these clicked images shall never let me .
but then i say to myself , surely they have nt been to the garden of life yet .
sudhir mittal can be reached at : booksfeedback @ sudhirmittal.in www.sudhirmittal.in on facebook : http : //www.facebook.com / sudhir.mittal.author on twitter : https : //twitter.com / authorsudhirm on blogspot : http : //www.authorsudhirmittal.blogspot.in/ on wordpress : http : //authorsudhirmittal.wordpress.com complete collection of books from sudhir mittal the secret world on the other side of mind the unprecedented garden of life appetizers of the secret world 26 scruples for a fulfilled life 1000 descriptions of god the life you choose life will smile at you lead like a master invoking the self elixir is raining 365 gold coins see you god life again sud & me ( click the following cover images for sampling or buying ) talk with sudhir mittal ( this talk with sudhir mittal was recorded in the early summers of 2013 by mr . chirag , an iit kanpur alumnus and also the founder cum managing director of innosols infocom private limited ) question : i have read the manuscript of your book , see you god .
q. : and wherefrom the idea of the garden of life came ?
# # # complete collection of books from sudhir mittal the secret world on the other side of mind the unprecedented garden of life appetizers of the secret world 26 scruples for a fulfilled life 1000 descriptions of god the life you choose life will smile at you lead like a master invoking the self elixir is raining 365 gold coins see you god life again sud & me connect with sudhir mittal write your feedback at : booksfeedback @ sudhirmittal.in write a personal mail at : sudhirmittal @ sudhirmittal.in drop an sms at : 9818372048 http : //www.facebook.com / sudhir.mittal.author https : //twitter.com / authorsudhirm on blogspot : http : //www.authorsudhirmittal.blogspot.in/ on wordpress : http : //authorsudhirmittal.wordpress.com or visit : www.sudhirmittal.in dani 's shorts 2 ( a collection of short stories based on the elements from the iron writer challenge ) volume 2 by dani j caile smashwords edition published by : dani j caile on smashwords isbn : 9781310891472 dani 's shorts 2 copyright 2014 by dani j caile smashwords license statement this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
does he have a big garden ? ''
he 'd left it in the garden yesterday .
` ` what , from the garden to the lounge ? ''
jess pulled tom across the garden in the wagon .
it was n't a surprise when bono their labrador jumped at the chance to escape as justin opened the french windows to rescue one of his toys from the garden .
dewdrops in the garden , i told nick .
headed out towards the garden .
i headed for the gates , through the garden .
he remembered that he and atalanta had met in the garden by the negro cemetery one afternoon years ago and suddenly they found out there was nothing to say to each other .
how about that garden by the courthouse , around lunch time ? ''
he thought of the whole wide world and imagined all the gardens they 'd invent wherever they were together .
that afternoon he went to meet atalanta in the garden by the courthouse .
not the 0.035 % co2 bogey man is going to turn your garden into a desert and raise sea levels by 115 metres so you all drown , time bomb .
these pleasant stories with an undertone of humor , follow the adventures of several women over twenty one years of age , as they seek to become a world - beating synchronised swimming team , ' sun on the rocks ' , led by the incombustible stevenson garden products ( sgp ) teleoperator clarity nice , a woman of resourceful intuition , and acute observer of the laws of human mischief .
clarity checked the name of the floor , she had reached the floor in charge of special activities , a large area hustling and bustling with feverish activity by people looking at several computer screens , relaying information from cameras placed in various parts of the world , cities , small towns , military enclosures , parks , gardens , beaches , private communities , corporations hotels and airports .
he walked around the front of the car so she could see he was n't armed with a garish kipper , even though it meant fighting off a withering buddleia trying to escape from his neighbour 's garden .
when the owner of the hotel objected to them firing shotguns at pigeons while standing in the garden , they had to give up that fun .
they would ride sedately to the hotel , look wistfully at the flying pigeons as they crossed through the garden , and enter the hotel bar .
after a gin or two , and after much conversation with the other bar tenants , and after lots of laughing and maybe a dance step or two , and after giving henry the hotel owner a lot of shit for not letting them shoot out in the garden , well , elspeth would look at lowndes , and lowndes would look at elspeth , and that was that ; up the stairs they would go .
she fired shotguns in the garden of the hotel and raced horses down the main drag of town , while i , umm , steal works of art .
in the garden out back of the house .
and for the next seven hours they went into every gallery , every office , the boiler room , the labs , up on the roof , into the janitors closets , into the vaults and storerooms , and tramped through the bushes and garden plots outside the building .
hiking , doing church things , traveling , barbecuing in the back yard , going to football games , playing bridge , reading in bed at night , digging in the garden and watching things grow over the summer .
we figured he went out in the garden .
gale said , actually we did nt hear roger , but we are capable of inferring what he said , and you ca nt make him go out in the garden like the dog .
the dog said , what s wrong with the garden , sarcasm dripping from each canine tooth .
we also happened to be friends with two dancers living in charleston , the woman retired from the new york city ballet and the guy retired from the royal ballet at covent garden , retired and married and looking for a challenge , which we presented to them when we asked them to choreograph the show .
it was a smallish bungalow with a neatly trimmed hedge , a rose garden , grass cut very short and a very red altamoto motorcycle in the driveway .
` ` does your husband do the rose garden ? ''
hagatha went to her garden where grew a single tree , as twisted and ugly as the witch herself .
we have a garden full of lemon and orange trees , tomatoes , artichokes , zucchini and eggplants .
they is silence , then miller says we can move back to miller 's grove and that 's what we did , ' cept the trailers is all fixed up now and we got us a tv in a rec room that miller built fer us and molly does all the cookin and clem started a garden with nice flowers .
he always asked if there was anything i 'd like him to do , around the house or in the garden .
the very next morning , i found cody in the garden .
on weekends , i often sit on my balcony and gaze at the trees , the green , green grass and the gardens .
- https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/353590 la fortuna della luna - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/361040 you will die - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/383211 the death and resurrection of john - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/369060 testimony of a former slave as witness to a duel : september 15 , 1822 - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/362072 my boy johnny - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/356847 extinction of the thalls - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/310829 washington - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/294233 the dragons of miami - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/278539 other world - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/51153 arrowheads - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/171930 the splintered door and the kiss - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/219942 psychic - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/236386 europe 76 - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/151823 the weird life of joshua mirabene - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/301478 literary flowers - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/301637 in search of marekka - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/313720 connect with garden urthark online twitter : http : //twitter.com / gardenurthark smashwords : https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / gardenurthark garden urtharks blog : http : //gardenurthark.wordpress.com ray dennis does the secret a simple law of attraction story gary troia copyright 2014 by gary troia smashwords edition all rights reserved .
once a goal , or a material object was identified by visualization , all one had to do then was plant the thought seed in the universal garden , so to speak , and just wait for it to grow .
once i was sure i had the image i wanted , i planted my first thought seed in the universal garden .
i caught myself putting bad thought seeds into the universal garden .
from the beach back to the house , there was a stairway that took you to the garden .
i lifted a stone and dug a hole with a garden trowel , and placed the gun in a polythene bag , put it in the hole , and replaced the stone .
i followed juan out in to the garden and saw there was a massive turnout .
the following day , day 2 in the city for him , brian spent the morning at the botanical gardens .
these gardens include ancient trees , rainforest glades and exotic species .
even the delights of the roma street parklands , billed as the world 's largest sub - tropical garden in the heart of a city ; 16 hectares of green space in the centre of queensland 's capital , brisbane , could nt keep his mind off mary .
there was also his new garden shed and greenhouse out the back , should he ever learn anything at all about gardening .
or is buying a garden shed when you know nothing about gardening , ' inconsequential ' ? '
she 'd be in her little garden now , with her john deere tractor , planting durum wheat .
at the same time , three stealthy figures made their way to the service entrance , beyond the rutabaga garden .
the filth encrusted dim bulb that illuminates the bbq area in an open area of our back garden is a pretty sad source of illumination .
did i forget to mention that we have a winter automated fertilizer program in the back garden in the winter which by it 's unique natureslowly becomes abbqing hazard ?
our automated fertilizing program conundrumconsists of letting synammon out into the back garden 4 times a day to do her business and then the owner being too lazy to pooper scoop .
as the guy did a backward belly - flop into my herb garden .
polydoor emerged from the dungeon and checked the rec room , the particle accelerator , and the werewolfery out in the garden .
there were two kinds of enemy in hanging gardens ' universe .
he was called hanging gardens , by the way , because of the astonishing number of green things that grew on him , and because he liked to cling to a palace wall , waiting to drop onto some unsuspecting telemarketer .
hanging gardens turned crimson with rage .
said hanging gardens .
` ` if you do n't have the things you want , you anticipate them , '' said hanging gardens .
hanging gardens sighed .
hanging gardens flew down from his niche on the wall and took a turn at pegging fish at the gate .
` ` ` ` anyway , '' said hanging gardens , your warriors will then leap out of their costumes and slaughter the nasties . ''
` ` it 's simple , '' said hanging gardens .
hanging gardens left a baked clay tablet on a convenient table in the spam pits .
hanging gardens was well pleased .
muttered hanging gardens .
` ` we do n't have matches , '' yelled hanging gardens .
hanging gardens was in a daze .
loopy had a bad feeling about this ... . chapter 53 : platypus in the sky ` ` i think we should go back to the palace now , '' said hanging gardens .
` ` antler thinks every day is llama 's eve , '' said hanging gardens .
` ` you 'd be surprised what you can do with mud bricks , '' said hanging gardens .
` ` thanks to the miracle of modern science , we of the undead are capable of active procreational lives long after we ' ve departed this tissue of lies , '' said hanging gardens .
` ` without the messy bits , '' said hanging gardens quickly .
` ` not everything rots off , '' said hanging gardens .
hanging gardens held up his arms to ward off evil .
hanging gardens made a ' tsk , tsk ' sound .
thus it was , fluffy and clydette followed the god through a mysterious doorway made of vaporized cabbages , into a mysterious garden .
bas had a bad feeling about this ... . chapter 77 : mad haggis party optimizer led fluffy and clydette into a pleasant garden , complete with a mad hat 's haggis party .
` ` they were n't kicked out of the garden for eating the forbidden rutabaga .
the whole yard had turned into some sort of plant tongue garden !
another garden turned horrific , with the same evil design , now turned its attention to the occupant of the cute , little cottage across the lawn .
he was busy in the garden , pulling weeds .
just regular old weeds that had overtaken a perfectly normal garden !
mrs . purn was using her son to weed her garden while mutant plants were on a rampage !
i do n't know , but while people were screaming in horror , superkid -- he was actually aaron at the moment -- was sweating in the garden , chopping with his mighty trowel at stubborn weeds that were crowding the tulips residing there , dislocating his shoulder , with a merciless sun bearing down on him .
now aaron loved his mother very much , but even he thought she was going too far making him weed a garden that was way too late to save , in the middle of summer .
the weeds will grow back and i 'll end up pulling them again when it 's cold boy , i hate gardens !
aaron had managed to keep a hold of that little garden shovel when he had been swallowed and now he was using it to cut himself out of the mutant plant 's throat !
he backed out of the garden , swiveling his head left and right to make sure no other mutant flower was sneaking up on him .
must be a cat in the garden , the old woman grumbled , taking off her slippers .
it was a portrait of a very young boy , standing in a garden .
he paused in front of the portrait on the wall , a photograph of a handsome young man , his own son , now fully grown , standing in a garden .
the shops were closing , the evening crowds were starting to take their spots in the beer gardens outside the local establishments , and lovers were enjoying the warm air and the setting sun , and hopefully each others company .
during the previous night when lovers were loving and beer garden sitters were sitting and shops were closing in the lovely town of gledenten , i went to work .
his home was neat but weathered on the outside ; the paint chipping and fading a bit , but the lawn and small garden in the front showed signs of effort .
the magic wand had transformed a perfectly good patch of eerie mist into an eighteenth - century romantic garden , complete with grottos , gazebos , and a rose - pink mansion .
` ` this is a garden party to celebrate her engagement .
early one morning -- five am to be exact -- when many of toronto 's prominent citizens were sweating and toiling through guilty dreams , vlod was out in his nettle gardens , in gym shorts and a t - shirt , jogging along the werewolf path .
` ` it 's not cozy and inviting , like a country garden . ''
` ` country gardens are vulnerable to airborne assault , '' said merlin .
` ` she 's in the goldfish pond , in the garden , '' said neville .
` ` we did n't need a pond ; a garden ornament would have done nicely . ''
she had her back to me , and she was wearing old lady clothes and a floppy hat , but who else would be weeding my garden for me ?
under other circumstances , i would have approached her , asking her why she was weeding my garden for me , but not now , not today .
still tending to the villages rogue gardens and vigilante hedges i see .
then he turned away and walked out the back door into the garden .
the vestfrost sb400 was a deluxe deep freezer their mother kept in the garden shed .
its from , uh , my garden .
you grew it in your garden ?
no , it is my garden .
a green picket fence penned in a small but picturesque garden bursting with plants and budding flowers .
the sun played peek - a - boo with the woods thick foliage , casting long shadows that stretched over the road and front gardens , kissing the chimney tops .
its like the botanical gardens in here , like a potpourri factory exploded .
sean panned his camera across a row of abandoned homes , each with a knee - high wire fence and gate needlessly protecting a tiny patch of untended garden .
the quaint garden featured well - pruned rose trellises and was surrounded by a head - high fence offering some sort of privacy from townsfolk who know everything about everybody .
deb stood behind the fence at the back of her garden , which was adjacent to the train station , and listened intently .
the three men turned towards the creaking sounds of the rusty back gate to debs garden .
it was obvious to me and my wife because you lived together , and had a neat garden with hanging baskets .
you must mean blushing rose garden ; its a big favorite with our seniors .
they both slowly sauntered off to where the blushing rose garden had last been spotted , while sharmeel was getting hopelessly tangled up somewhere in the far - off azalea section of dr . eisbergs parking area .
` ` it 's just a garden ? ''
this place was a simple garden of a rich man .
in the past hour , more than a dozen gardeners had gone into the large garden feature .
dani : well , this cat decided that ... mathew : ... enough was enough , and ... dani : ... in one odd moment when ... mathew : ... the monkey was having guests over ... . dani : ... he leapt up onto the fence which separated ... mathew : ... the garden from the swimming pool , and ... dani : marked the area for all to smell .
maybe you should go and sunbathe in the garden or something , relax a little . ''
` ` there was no raiment in the garden , '' said thunderbags .
you do n't have to stand around singing in choirs or doing the chores in the garden .
it could be a bottle , it could be a garden trellis with rutabagas growing on it .
` ` okay , so you trek out to the garage and grope around in the darkness for the garden shears , '' said chester .
` ` it cultivates your garden . ''
fortunately it was washable blue and a passing garden sprinkler soon dissipated it .
then he bethought himself of the hockey wars he had witnessed on earth tv , and he made a quick trip to maple leaf gardens , home of the majestic toronto maple leafs .
there were home made buns , and chard from the garden as well as a millet casserole for the vegetarians present .
for dessert he bet his mother had baked a chocolate slab cake from scratch and decorated it with thick , gooey icing and edible flowers from the garden .
a fruit and cheese plate sat by a window that looked out on natural gardens and beyond them the river .
the herd had thinned to a few cardio - challenged stragglers , when the glass doors of the lobby slammed open and a female golden horde burst inside , their high heels tapping a staccato below dresses as tight as garden hoses .
he said , as he sprawled backwards into the flower garden , trying and failing to avoid the camellias .
inside the terminal he was immediately slammed to the floor by a security guard the size of a pre - fabricated garden shed .
they wandered through a greenhouse full of potted herbs , over the brown , thatched earth of a long - harvested garden , and beside pens of goats and chickens .
about ' sun on the rocks ' : sun on the rocks follows the adventures of several non competitive attractive women over twenty one years of age , as they seek to become a synchronised swimming team , ' sun on the rocks ' , led by the incombustible twenty five year old stevenson garden products ( sgp ) malibu teleoperator clarity nice , a woman of resourceful intuition , and acute observer of the laws of human mischief .
` ` i have the key to fort ebena , there is a device i need to recover first though , and its not here , its at the garden party which is taking place , ... '' clarity looked at her watch .
she had to leave the garden party and follow mista jack .
chapter 2 sniffy badger was reclining in his hammock in the garden despite the inclement weather , and he was astounded when the radio crackled out the local council election results .
ruffled , black bed - head hair draping over his ears and neck like an unkempt garden .
when it became an italian restaurant , the owners took advantage of the floor plan and converted each room into themed dining areas : english tudor , italian , garden greenhouse and so on .
this has been quite a summer , yes it has , and charles and william and my boy walter have really taken a shine to their new garden , says one , steadying her cup for emphasis .
and i wonder sometimes if walter 's garden and the gladiolas and the noisemakers and the pharmacists should n't just get together like this , and discuss a few things over tea and cake , says a writer , wiping his eyes dramatically for effect .
i 'd tried persuading ben to move into the house , where i could keep peggy 's cats in their familiar territory and he could have a big garden in the back , but he was determined to have his farm , far away from city noise , traffic and hectic work schedules .
figured i 'd plow it up for a garden and sell vegetables . ''
i want to get the workshop and carport built in a hurry so i can start on the garden before it 's too late in the season . ''
in august we 'd be able to reach out from our chairs and pick blackberries from the thick mass of vines separating the pool from the fenced paddock where ben planned to put the vegetable garden .
* * * we found george in karen 's garden , picking his way on delicate paws among the tulips and daffodils and making playful passes at bumble bees .
` ` got ta get the workshop built fast so i can get started on the garden . ''
` ` ben and i are supposed to be retired , but we 're working harder than ever , trying to develop a market garden over on macklin road . ''
besides , i did n't really want the garden to fail because that would hurt ben .
the most important thing is to get that garden growing . ''
should be easy to train a pup to keep deer out of the garden . ''
ben went off to weed the garden and fiddle with complicated pool mechanisms .
` ` looking after chickens , a big garden and a falling - down house takes a lot of time .
` ` why do n't you put them in the garden ? ''
i made grocery lists , did two loads of laundry , watered the garden and gathered the eggs , barely escaping with my life when mr .
` ` but ben has to water the garden ! ''
` ` with that well , you can either water the garden or flush the toilets .
he said he 'd be happy to look after george , the garden and the chickens for a few days .
after three glorious days in victoria , visiting friends , i quit grumbling about the way livestock and gardens tie one down .
ben , meanwhile , was having his own problems ; while we 'd been away , the deer had been munching peas and beans and corn in the garden .
` ` why do n't we fill this thing with soil and plant a flower garden ? ''
we have this beautiful , luxurious pool and you want to make a garden out of it ? ''
it would be me planting the garden because plants shrivel up and die the minute you look at them . ''
much of ben 's two acres of garden had been mauled by the deer and we still had to chase them out almost every day .
when ben returned from depositing the wriggling snake into the neighbor 's field , i said , ` ` i think you 'll have to give in and build a higher fence around the garden . ''
` ` i ' ve got enough to do raising cats and chickens and a garden for the deer . ''
i ' m not expecting to make any money now , just learn what we have to do to make the garden a success .
i went outside to tell ben , who was staring at the fence around the garden as though he could force it to grow another four feet by will power alone .
he also objected when i stopped to see what was coming up in ben 's flower garden .
xv - the king 's apprentice april slid into may and ben worked long days in the vegetable garden .
steer manure is the only proper dressing for gardens . ''
as i stepped out , i saw four deer grazing in ben 's garden .
one deer moved toward the far end of the garden .
cal came over for coffee midmorning and laughed when he heard about nicky 's efforts to help the deer demolish the garden one row at a time .
` ` if ours was the only garden available to them , it would be wiped out by now . ''
besides , if ben did n't stop being so stubborn about building a deer fence around the garden , he 'd never make a success of market gardening anyway .
after nicky and beanbag did their ritual sniffing and posturing and decided they liked each other , we admired ben 's garden , flower beds and the hanging baskets on the veranda .
xvii - lese felinity the hot days of summer had ben worried about the well going dry again and muttering about water for the garden .
henry turned circles on my chest and stomach , occasionally stopping to knead , while george nuzzled my hand for little bits of cheese and ben told me long complex theories about fertilizing gardens and building greenhouses .
he prowled like a miniature tiger , examining much of our five acres , but refused to use the flowerbeds , the vegetable garden or even the convenient pile of sand a road repair crew had left beside our gate .
they had discovered that the deck was the ultimate in convenience ; they could hear a can - opener in the kitchen , see if anyone came down the drive and keep track of ben in the garden all at the same time .
after we harvested the last of the vegetables , delivered them to the supermarket in mora bay , and put the pool to bed , ben decided to build a deer - proof fence around the garden .
our two years on the farm would be over in early spring and if we were n't here to plant a garden , why bother with a fence ?
* * * ben now felt sorry for the deer because they could n't get into the vegetable garden and began feeding them as well as the raccoons .
he has n't been drunk and disorderly since he ate it in the garden last summer . ''
i ca n't make the garden a success unless i spend a lot of money on it and i know you 'd rather be in the city .
` ` where would you get enough water to keep the garden going ? ''
` ` garden equipment , '' said philip .
fascinated by the sudden explosion , he 'd stopped to survey the disgusting shreds of trans fat littering the weedy garden .
` ` but christopher hussey tells us in the picturesque that bazooms are like english country gardens , '' said plum .
bonnies house was out of a page from better homes and gardens .
best of all , when the police ask you where he is , you can honestly say he s working in the garden . ''
she writes , and maintains a splendid home , and still has time to volunteer with our ladies aid society '' i was delighting in dreamy images of prized gardens , stonewalled lanes , and prim , tidy hedgerow , when the sounds of scuffling chairs startled me .
were in a cave , not at a garden party .
i was nt all that proficient at comprehending the stories behind all the statues , but i do remember wolfing down two helpings of opera cake at their garden caf , after which my ex called me an unmitigated hog .
you see , i volunteer at rivercrest a few days a week , working in their gardens .
chapter 2 plates & spin the jam - packed club salsa in covent garden was particularly sticky this late - june saturday night ; the tinny rhythms , toothy grins and over - pronounced dance steps were in abundance and nick was in his element .
i met my soul - mate at university ; we were both street performers here in covent garden .
she said from the departure lounge holding up nicks lively depiction of her and christopher street performing in covent garden as students , the wrapping paper torn on her lap .
among the immaculate gardens of blossoms and roses enjoyed by the prolific bird life is the jubilee chapel complex .
so , the service was transferred to the sa garden of remembrance in centennial park with its reflective pools , contemplative benches and commemorative plaques of servicemen , which included several distant relatives of the pm .
as ashleigh merged into the line of mourners meandering past the coffin , the three women glanced at each other before dispersing to different parts of the garden to whisper intently into their phones .
the other two agents stopped prodding and pinching , turned towards special envoy in a far - off section of the garden , and shook their heads .
* * * * * ashleigh was inside the ladies toilet near the funeral garden frantically planning her escape as special envoy entered .
the flower gardens were absolutely breathtaking as they were well tended by a very talented gardener .
i ca n't be a garden nun .
hawthorne cemetery , on tomato east of silverdale , between 22nd and 23rd where harmin boole 's wife is buried , and where a garden grows the late night laundromat , two blocks from artie 's apartment , down three blocks from the mission , on guild street ; open until 11 p.m. , seven days a week ridgeview hospital , the public health hospital , ` ` for your pubic health , '' located on llewellyn street above 23rd ave . ; to the west is a high cliff ; this is sara 's contemporary workplace hillbright college is about 85 miles north - west of town there 's a mental institution in a hospital in another town , where gabe once worked ; also a supermarket and a bookstore the tomatoe street library , facing tomatoe between 27th and 28th ; a locally - owned version of a coastal giant chain with many inland stores ; takes up a whole block the hatchet check , a hairdresser 's that once did only men now unisex , between silverdale and tomatoe on tennessee way the fantastic caf , the lengthy lunch counter for the employees that never were employed at the manufacturing plant that ne'er was op'ed in the house of jack 's guilt ; getcha dead momma 's donuts rat - cheer the tomatoe grocery , facing tomatoe street between 27th and 28th .
` ` at first i thought the new little sign in the garden read ' o space space o space . '
then , i timidly ventured down into the garden to get a closer look at the distant , unfamiliar , obscure , and threatening sign .
` ` one of the tenants here , rod something , do n't know his last name , works in the garden sometimes for the manager , whose name is john .
` ` the funny new thing i saw in the garden , sighting down from the seventh floor , was a half - t scaffold .
` ` i hesitatingly went down to the garden via the west stairwell .
but he 'd said once before that he done some things down here , i recalled , as i walked up a series of stone steps within the garden .
they brought me up to a higher level where there was a black garden lantern , and the sign .
he 's very artistic and has arranged and kept the gardens here almost entirely by himself .
` ` this is very symmetric and indeed implies the four columns as the inspiration , combined with the two recent deaths , which inspired the artwork in the garden .
with several dozens of blindingly golden , cheap , flashy herringbone chains gratuitiously dancing madly upon it , like garden elves and fairies never do .
for a length of time , i carried weird fears of something macabre and unwholesome sprouting from my name , as if tweety plants were growing from it , the type that sweepingly and swiftly takes over your indoor garden and covers the other green foliage over , choking it .
there was a rock garden , containing foot - high statues of the major saints ( the old man glowered at them , especially poor st . francis ) and a small white gravel path leading to a tiny open cemetery , where elder parishioners were buried .
but there would be no more garden among the graves .
it nestled comfortably under the television with a catalogue for jorum 's architectural gems for the garden and get fit quick , the latest guide to senseless sweating by a silicon - breasted californian supermodel .
the gallery had , he oiled , been given , by garden furniture designer and local newspaper magnate mr jumbuck jorum , a vintage jeroboam to mark the event .
found in parks , forests , orchards , large gardens , and , occasionally , in towns .
she stared down the garden , over the soft , long grass , past the bright , colourful dahlias and roses , oranges , pinks and yellows , past the shrubs and the bushes , through the cruel barbed wire her sister 's boyfriend had erected on top of the fence to deter would - be burglars to the shady copse beyond , with its pale green shadows and darting dragonflies and gently winding stream and old , gnarled , moss - smothered trees .
it was he who laid out behind the vatican the first roman garden of any consequence since ancient times with aviaries , ponds , laurels , orange and pomegranate trees .
jerboa is a musician who plays clavicle , harpsichord and javanese pipes , and is currently composing his grand opera on mathematical and metamathematical themes , ` ` the knot theory garden '' for chamber orchestra , soloists and tam - tam .
17 ( inv 8 ) a sheep with thick wool and a large wavy tail prov : jerash , church of elias , mary and soreg ( late 6th century ad ) jargo later turned this into a patio for garden furniture magnate jumbuck jorum who marketed it under the brand - name mutton mosaic .
s sure ... got to finish your garden , and the spare room needs doing .
jargo and veda dived into the bushes and knelt motionless but for the quivering of nervous excitement and racing pulses , watching as the beam crossed traversed the gravel path and the scrubby bushes and moved on to the garden .
tulchan broke from the garden , his sea - boots flapping as he ran for the boathouse , a dozen heavily armed guerrillas in determined pursuit .
` ` painting garden gnomes , that 's what .
` ` from there , i went into selling garden furniture , sun loungers , bird baths , novelty dustbins , those plastic herons you stand in the middle of your pond ... . all that experience gave me an insight into satisfying the needs of the customer .
` ` excellent , '' murmured veda , realising that her tea was now as cold as a garden paving slab as jorum continued to list his creations .
` ` i invented a whole set of wonderful pieces called the jorum range of architectural gems for the garden .
table of contents the diary of an expectant father : graham peterson introduction thanks coming soon also by pete sortwell the diary of an expectant father : graham peterson pete sortwell introduction i thought i d keep a diary ; i m never , ever going to show it to anyone , but i am going to bury it in the garden , sealed in a tightly wrapped plastic bag .
then it was double taboo time : she wanted to have the poor girl beheaded for treason , then at the last minute realised she could nt , as she loved her , and that it was all her fault for having such sexist laws of the land that it meant women could only work in the garden or on the market .
i d like to say i was surprised to find my father in the garden advising alison 's dad on what shed he should buy , but i ' m not .
then he said , ` ` lum , go over there in maude 's garden and pick a couple of them carnation milk flowers for the bride . ''
lum wobbled over to the garden and lod went in the house .
as he masticated , his slack jaw working in slow , circular motion , he stared through the window at the long , dank garden .
his restless eye fell upon a bumper roll of chicken wire , rusting nicely in the middle of the deteriorated garden path , and striving to ignore the mooing of despair and frustration behind him , he allowed his mind drift back , as so often before , to that joyous moment , four years ago in hyde park , when he had found a wallet with fifty quid inside it .
trouble is , we do nt have a garden as such .
i tell you this , when i move to a new place , i m going to cover the front garden in concrete and park a lorry on it !
an article about how an unidentified low life sneakabout had crept into well known local dentist and community leader dr . george washington carver littlejohn 's garden in the dark of night to vandalize it ... . by dumping bright red paint all over dr . littlejohn 's prize - winning wisterias .
it started with his unfortunate name , fenwick bentthruster , which absolutely demanded derision from the vast majority of your garden variety normal and therefore typically mean spirited kids .
who , before their ` ` leap for life , '' as max would later term it , were heading across the street in north tucson to luigi castorini 's bavarian beer garden for a cool dark ale on a hot bright day .
the indigents and i would simply climb over crumbling walls , past weedy , uncared - for gardens , and peer through grimy windows .
every now and then , we pass market gardens , which produce much of chinas fruit .
there were windows in front of the bed that looked out on a large garden .
we will meet in the garden after lunch , arriving separately to avoid suspicion , at the giant oak tree by the far wall , where the drunken goblin hiver stands guard .
inaction man pointed out that the other patients often wore coats when they went into the garden , but illogical woman was convinced that only wearing a t - shirt on a cold november day was inherently illogical and therefore must be the right thing to do .
its later than you think close your eyes and sink into the enfant cole the garden of sold souls illogical woman put one hand over inaction mans eyes and used her other hand to turn him around , so that he pointed towards the jardin des tuileries .
after each class steven and i would smoke a joint and walk through finnerty gardens , which was this secluded little grove of grass and dirt paths through an eden of northwest horticulture .
on saturday i took heather to butchart gardens over in brentwood bay .
it was similar to finnerty gardens on campus but it was a hundred times larger and a lot tidier .
then i d go to class ( and usually have to skip the trip to finnerty gardens ) , and come home and heather would be stir crazy and we d have to go out downtown and do dumb touristy shit , which i always hated .
after class steven and i went to finnerty gardens and smoked and sat in the grass .
i had a coffee on haight street and planted roma tomatoes in my backyard garden while my roof - top solar panels collected enough energy to heat the stove .
we began meeting before class to get stoned in the gardens .
before a wednesday class , julia and i walked over to finnerty gardens and had a smoke .
he went off on his way and i walked over to the gardens and laid down on the grass .
almost - naps in the gardens and hikes up mt .
it 's a sort of corporate park , of the type that has huge garden surrounds that the employees never actually use .
he stood up and turned off the bulb , before stepping into the back garden and padlocking the door with a brand new padlock he had also purchased at the hardware store to ensure that only he had the key .
as he was walking back across the small garden he tripped on the hose , which was still strewn across the lawn from several weeks earlier when he had been distracted from watering the garden by the arrival of harry for his weekly dinner .
' i mean , i went out for a walk and then the next thing i remember is being in the back garden .
on the way up the front path he kicked over a garden gnome , neatly decapitating it and snapping off its fishing pole .
' i guess i ' m going for a walk , ' joe said , and before harry could stop him he was halfway down the lawn , just passing the fallen garden gnome , with the door slamming shut behind him .
there was nobody else in the gardens at all , late as it was , although many of the grassy areas were strewn with empty bottles and rubbish .
the room , which had the feel of a fine garden , blossomed with both hollywood and business elite .
this church had a story about the creation of the universe where the first two humans lived in a large garden .
and hey , this woman and her husband had been doing all the work tending the gardens and feeding the animals lately anyway .
now , because of this , their god expelled them from the garden , made them mortal , and made it so that the woman would have to bleed from her vagina once every month and the man would have to toil in the fields every day just to make ends meet .
they were in the garden earlier jumping around a frame they d built out of old drainpipes .
his son , bookcase malone , went in to the front garden and played in the rain for a full hour and a half .
that was our next door neighbours informing us they d thrown something into our garden by mistake , and asking if they could get it .
as spiritwind replied a shadow flashed through the garden , quickly followed by a second .
the second shadow flipped over the first , grabbing his shoulders on the way and throwing him back to the garden whence he came .
with a quick tense he leapt fifteen feet straight up and caught the medieval weaponry before spinning and releasing the silver object back towards rick and biritvinds garden .
you ca nt tell me they are nt more fun than rolling round a garden .
the pair stood in perplexed silence as the bus trundled past the garden without stopping to ask if they needed it or not .
spiritwind verbalised the conclusion without removing his gaze from the object in their garden .
having left their home behind them , and various missiles frozen mid flight in next door 's garden , they continued on with a vague plan and not a clue to be seen .
by the time zarg climbed out of the garden he d been hiding in the odd pair were together once more , only now one was an unfeasibly tall and skinny man whilst the other an excessively rotund lady .
with her propensity for drunken theft and mischief , and her habit of walking to a particular street before hailing a taxi , i could be sure she would leave any large , stolen objects in the nearest garden .
the box rested beneath the eye - line of a garden wall , as though hiding from the angry residents at the window .
spotting a half open front door , coincidence signalled towards a garden up ahead .
in the front garden , weeds had overtaken the plants , and then bigger weeds had overtaken the weeds .
these i cleared from the garden of terpo .
they let you remove plants from the city garden ?
her car was out the front , so she was nt working in the city garden , but no head popped up to greet him .
there s the tree in the city garden !
they piled into the van and headed five minutes toward the centre of the island before unloading again at the edge of the garden of terpo .
there was no law prohibiting using the garden for picnics or football , but no one ever did .
their argument in the city garden kept replaying in his mind , as did mitchell pointing a rifle at the mayor .
in the garden was a sign : ian athanasius , mortician .
he found some herb in the garden and made a drink out of it .
luckily the undead were so fixed on getting into the garden of terpo and they did nt usually notice the humans until they d planted a crowbar in their skull .
leaving the garden nice and clear for us ?
chapter twenty - five : the tree the wolves trailed richard into the garden by the west gate , panting and stumbling .
* * * truman had left his axe embedded in a thick skull at the entrance to the garden and was now using two knives , slicing them in smooth round motions across zombie throats .
create a barricade from the southern edge of the garden all the way east and west .
shed stayed at the council chambers to help quentin coordinate the sentries , the cleanup in the garden , the zombieproof blockade , and all the other loose ends left because the world had nt ended , but shed promised to go home and sleep as soon and for as long as she could .
the early 20th century building is thoroughly french in inspiration , but has an awkward little domed construction in the middle that looks like a garden gazebo that had climbed up onto the mansard roof to get a better view .
and it makes even the soil in my garden smell wonderful .
watering the garden up in the dry hills above the coast was important but they did nt really get the concept of watering with a hose .
sack of vegetables nasrudin snuck into someones garden and began putting vegetable in his sack .
the owner saw him and shouted , what are you doing in my garden ?
now then , how can you explain how those vegetables were pulled out from my garden ?
wait here while i go plant some boiled peas in my garden .
the neighbors garden nasrudin spotted some ripe oranges in his neighbors garden , and wanted to steal one .
the neighbors garden nasrudin spotted some ripe oranges in his neighbors garden , and wanted to steal one .
nasrudin : well , how much sunlight is in your garden ?
nasrudin : then put your house in your garden .
he s all shiny as new , now that we ve got all that dirt off him from making mud pies in the garden earlier on .
you can use the shed at the bottom of the garden when its raining .
therefore , off i shoot while racing down the long thin garden to get to the shed before the rain puts my cigarette out altogether .
as i yank the flimsy chair over to the blue painted fence and i stand on it to peek over into next doors garden .
as i was glad to be of service before i head out into the long garden for a morning cigarette to accompany my tea .
she later summed up the tragic event of the poor feline who was , ravaged by pit bulls in a neighbouring garden with the phrase he s in a better place .
no matter how hard i try to enjoy the company of a minor , i would rather be anywhere else right now because he has me tapping the muddy ground in a flowerbed in the garden with a purple plastic trowel and pouring water from a yellow plastic watering can .
he asks from the far end of the garden and holds up a dandelion , which of course is also nicknamed a wet the bed flower and i realise that he does nt know what i m talking about so hopefully there s enough yellow flowers in this garden to keep him hunting for a while longer .
he asks from the far end of the garden and holds up a dandelion , which of course is also nicknamed a wet the bed flower and i realise that he does nt know what i m talking about so hopefully there s enough yellow flowers in this garden to keep him hunting for a while longer .
if he carries on , kim might well come back to a rapidly balding garden when charlie tears off the heads of some yellow coloured pansies .
not that this shindig included anything truly edible but there was water from the garden tap that came out of the hose so i hope that s drinkable and if not , ill be in serious trouble by the end of today and needing medical attention .
only kidding i mean how hard can it be to throw a simple childrens birthday barbeque bash in the garden on a beautiful sunny afternoon .
there are still tons of things to do and i could do with a hand to put the birthday banners up , shouts adrian from the garden and we part so that kim can help him while i go to the supermarket .
i retort and get out my key in order to let them carry the stuff through the house and set it up in the back garden .
she asks and looking at it like it is an alien spaceship that just crashed through the atmosphere and landed at the end of the garden .
why ca nt valerie do it i want to moan but then i look across and see her and dale all loved up and holed up at the other end of the garden and away from everyone , christ , they practically have an invisible do not disturb sign written across them .
well my feet did not touch the ground ( pregnant or not ) i leapt across that garden and stood between them so he could not do anything else to her .
or maybe sadies garden .
never before had i been able to discern so many different smells at once : pine trees , fresh cut grass , roses in a nearby garden , and the oily , tar smell of the asphalt in the street .
the boys worked the tobacco fields while their mother and charlotte tended the vegetable garden and took care of the house .
in between , we did laundry , cleant the house , an ' worked in the garden .
at that point , she had a break , which she generally spent in the garden , weeding and tending the herbs and vegetables .
charlotte met with jerry in the garden .
mercy noticed that her window overlooked the garden , which was her favorite refuge outside of the kitchen .
mid - morning , mercy went to the garden to pick herbs and to do a bit of weeding .
the heian - era aristocrats listless in their kyoto constructed gardens and dark - wood retreats would have toyed with marxismif only it existed in their era .
an island woman would nevereverget out and dig in the garden or move piles of dirt .
i saw cynthia during the day and we talked and shared stuff from our gardens , the usual .
they drove down a small road lined with green grass and flower gardens in bloom .
i literally turned the desert into a garden where we passed .
where only sands and blasted rock had been , i left behind a garden of palms and flowering beds stretching for leagues , right up to the mouth of the pass into the mountains .
i bent my peoples energies upon the task of taming that wasteland to deliver up the ribbon of verdant garden that now marked the road to my final victory .
doug sighed inwardly and looked over the green garden expanse of the links as he answered , sure .
the manicured lawns and gardens , the fountains , tennis courts , pools and sports equipment for her and her husband and lover , seldom saw visitors .
the combined parties of pilgrims completed their journey at jerusalem , praying at the holy sepulchre , the mount of olives , the hill of golgotha and the garden tomb .
in the late evening clover paced around the yard , morosely observing the weeds and neglected plants in his dead wifes gardens .
the yard , your garden spots , are all going to seed and over - running everything .
the house was surrounded by a vegetable garden with tall corn stalks and fruit trees .
my grandmother was not buried in the garden , since that was no longer allowed , but in a small cemetery in town .
thus it was that in november 1990 i stood before the remnants of the grave , in what had been the garden of my fathers house , now an untended lot where a grove of slender trees reaches to the sky , including that famous magnolia supposedly planted by my father , in front of which romantically stands a flower kiosk .
so i left my two guys sitting in the luxembourg garden and came here hoping to find you .
instead of a cramped apartment , we had a comfortable house , a large garden , trees , flowers .
for a while he continued going to morristown from time to time to take care of his house , his garden , his flowers .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * well guarded by its two stone lions , the main branch of new york citys public library turns its back upon a french - style garden open to the street and occupying the rest of the block .
i used to think rose gardens were for old ladies .
we need to talk , he says , hands me a burger and ushers me out of the garden and into the kitchen to sit .
weed , spray some plants with rosemary water to discourage the white flies , weed some more , water the herb garden .
watering the herb garden as the sun starts its descent is one of my favorite pastimes .
the garden is swimming .
a song to mark the greatest promise of all , the raw coming of day , the rising sun a magnificent castle of light , red and scorching , orange and hot , yellow and mild as it rolled in a lazy arc through the heavens , a melter of snows and a creator of wild , luxuriant gardens , the guardian of hearths and stoves ...
the surrounding trees looked almost as if they had been planted , deliberately arranged , as if to some grand design , features , along with the grasses and flowers , of some wondrous garden , a manicured paradise - lacking animals .
a magical garden of reason in whose pungent arbours the outcast , once glorious death , had no part .
chapter thirty - one - ambella 's garden so this was where summer was hiding , in all her fecundity and growth .
jerian wandered casually through the garden , naked as a newborn infant , bloody and unbowed as he burst from womb to wilderness - wilderness to womb in this instance , for the lady whose realm he violated strove to pry apart the nine worlds and separate earth and sky .
except here ; here nothing was alive and death was banished , claiming her every work by its absence , as this was a garden doomed to fade .
it made no difference ... from the viewpoint of the garden jerian embodied negation ; the abundant flora quickly blackened , withered and falling to ruin as he passed , turning the atmosphere fetid .
* the garden opened onto a ripening field of golden corn .
everything in the garden was now besmirched .
night came as a surprise to jerian ; he had not thought to see it here , in the garden .
he was drunk , i believe , but he said he would do it and i thanked him and went on my way to water the black - eyed susans , and then helped mrs . alice with some string beans from the garden for dinner .
they re really going to build a new madison square garden !
the old garden has such a super history .
he turns to ron and cliff , i hope we can discuss yankee stadium and madison square garden together some other time , he says firmly .
now that they had inherited the house with its large backyard , her mother spent all her spare time there and had begun constructing a rock garden .
having only met her twice , he did nt know her mother well enough to be sure , but by generalizing to all the rock gardens he had seen and the ornaments they contained , he was able to say that she probably would .
tara did the heavy work , mowing the lawn and using the snowblower , turning over soil for a planting , and so forth ; meg had a vegetable garden in the backyard , and mrs . fournier took care of the flowers in the front along with her cleaning - up routines .
and even if the serpent was not in their garden , he was in the world .
the following sunday after an early lunch fiona and lowell took the pickup truck and drove to a garden center in south portland to get all the materialsthe bushes , bonemeal and compost for fertilizer , along with the shovels , wheel barrow , measuring tape and other equipment they got from their shedand arrived at pats house at about one oclock .
pat , wearing an old pair of shorts that did nothing to hide her strange bowling - pin body , was already outside bringing the garden hose to the front lawn when they pulled into the driveway .
with the tape measure and green garden sticks that were usually used for peas but which they employed as site markers , lowell and bill measured the forty - two - foot length from the corner of the driveway to a clump of three birch trees on the corner of the narrow lot and marked the places to dig holes every three feet for the fifteen plants they had bought .
when spring came and the elders left seeds and tools at her door , another hint that she was expected to continue fending for herself , she set to work to clear a garden .
then her mother died in her last attempt to give her husband a son , and if stillbird remembered being angry before that time , she had to sit down and cry right there in the garden over the hurt and anger she felt when her father remarried a young woman not four full moons after her own mother was gone .
so stillbird sat in the garden , grasping a handful of earth in her hands , wringing her hands , holding herself and burying her face in her skirt , crying and crying , loudly , vigorously , until she was tired and then she put it away , tired enough to sleep well that night .
stillbird was in her garden when the baby began to push out of her , thinning the plants , weeding out the wild things , caressing the earth the way she did as she squatted in the garden .
stillbird was in her garden when the baby began to push out of her , thinning the plants , weeding out the wild things , caressing the earth the way she did as she squatted in the garden .
it was squatting in the garden that she gave birth to a little boy and wrapped him in her long skirt to take him to the river to wash off the blood , her own blood , and take a good look at him and show him to the sun and the birds .
living at the source of all the water in the region , stillbird often dreamed of floating down the creek , letting it carry her through the forest , the hills , past cabins and farmsteads and fields of grass where cattle grazed , and gardens , all kinds of gardens .
living at the source of all the water in the region , stillbird often dreamed of floating down the creek , letting it carry her through the forest , the hills , past cabins and farmsteads and fields of grass where cattle grazed , and gardens , all kinds of gardens .
each year of her life with abel and charles , she had grown a different garden , placing the vegetables in different spots mixed with flowers , sometimes in rows , sometimes in circles , sometimes in patches .
she remembered , as if she watched someone else , a child perhaps , running up to the loft to look out a small window abel had cut under the eaves , at the design of her garden .
she had stopped her nightly walks after the incident with the painter , but she soon became as immersed in her garden , making a kind of painting of it the way she arranged the tomatoes , the marigolds , the yellow squash in with the pale or darker shades of green of lettuce and peas and potatoes .
one spring she would ring the garden with the tall corn , another she would plant it in a cross through the middle .
she had been lucky in the site of the garden , with its endlessly sweet soil , the most hours of sunlight and a strong year - round spring just up the hill , so it was easy to irrigate when the summer rains did nt come on time .
so stillbird dreamed also of gardens .
the people would fight among themselves over who would have me to dinner and give me a bed to sleep in , and they gave me money when they had next to nothing themselves , and some tried to give me the food from their gardens they d put up , and i had a hard time refusing , but i hated to take those canned goods , remembering what happened to ruben , so i would take them and then give them away the next place i stopped .
part iii mary queen of scots viii the house was less than modest , small and shabby in fact and in a rough neighborhood , but rose of sharon had created a real rose garden in the tiny yard , a garden in which to thrive in her own unique and mysterious way .
part iii mary queen of scots viii the house was less than modest , small and shabby in fact and in a rough neighborhood , but rose of sharon had created a real rose garden in the tiny yard , a garden in which to thrive in her own unique and mysterious way .
even when she was home alone , doing mundane things like stripping the peas from the pods that grew in the backyard garden , or washing her stockings , she would be self - conscious and move with a certain provocative grace , as if one of her young men were spying on her .
that was when she became a recluse in her garden and found a job waitressing and avoided men altogether .
charles held her head , gently stroking back her hair while she vomited into the flower garden , bathed her face and said sweet words to her .
she was always sharon now when she went out , being rose to charles , who expressed a particular fondness for that name , and called her the most beautiful rose in the garden , a quaint compliment that touched her with its innocence , herself being , by now , so sophisticated .
then came a time she could no longer hide her condition , and she disappeared from the night spots and stayed in her garden through the winter and the spring , dancing by herself to music on the radio .
much as it pained her to think of leaving her garden , she wrote to charles suggesting that when he was done with war ( not when the war was over , but when he was done with it , like it was his choice ) that they settle in scotland , and she told him then of her intention to name their child mary queen of scots , and what did he think of that ?
but soon she would be walking and would find her own way to her grannys garden , where she spoke her first words and spent many happy hours , while her mother slept the days away in a quiet despair .
rose , meantime , had settled into the image of a tragic heroine , a princess trapped in a tower and the tower was her own depression , which alternated with euphoria , but lasted longer and longer as she languished in the garden , letting the weeds take over , ignoring the bounty of the sweet pea vines and the berry bushes .
imagining scenes of passion and tenderness , rose of sharon stood one evening in the garden where she had been picking the first tomatoes for the evening meal and felt the breeze blow her skirt around her legs and watched the leaves of the trees flutter like her skirt and show their silver undersides in anticipation of the coming storm , and she felt the rain - laden wind on her cheek , and she cried and cried , knowing she wanted to be pure poetry , wanted to fly and drift with the clouds and yet , there she stood with a basket of tomatoes on her arm and a child and husband inside the too - warm house waiting for their meal .
rose of sharon rewarded charles for his gesture with a great deal of tenderness , even cheerfulness and talked fast and excited to mary and charles about the birds , the garden , the weather , the woods .
it got so bad that rose of sharon would nt even make the trip to the outhouse and soiled herself , and charles had to clean her up and that was when he took her back to the hospital near roanoke , broken hearted that she would miss the blooming of the garden , for he knew that rose dearly loved her garden .
it got so bad that rose of sharon would nt even make the trip to the outhouse and soiled herself , and charles had to clean her up and that was when he took her back to the hospital near roanoke , broken hearted that she would miss the blooming of the garden , for he knew that rose dearly loved her garden .
mary was old enough to care for it , knew what were weeds and what would grow and bloom into colorful flowers , and she took care of the garden with all the love and attention she would like to have enjoyed .
it was her gift to her mother who returned when the garden had bloomed and begun to wither in the summer heat .
she was careful then not to go into town with charles , saying she preferred to stay and work in the garden .
and you are as lovely as your name , as lovely as the flowers in the garden , the loveliest flower of all .
when her mother was alive the garden had been a family effort under her mothers supervision , but now her father never went into the garden .
when her mother was alive the garden had been a family effort under her mothers supervision , but now her father never went into the garden .
the next day , mary began to prepare the garden for planting .
she imagined the large leafed vines dancing around the garden like the designs that framed the mirrors of the oak dressers her father built and carved , and she planned how she would plant the corn stalks and then arrange the tomatoes around them so the tomato vines could climb the corn stalks .
by the time it was warm enough to set out the tomato plants , the rest of the garden was growing in a noticeable pattern of concentric circles , and her father , who had been watching her planting as if he was watching some intricate dance step , asked her why she had planted the garden that way .
by the time it was warm enough to set out the tomato plants , the rest of the garden was growing in a noticeable pattern of concentric circles , and her father , who had been watching her planting as if he was watching some intricate dance step , asked her why she had planted the garden that way .
no , it just occurred to me when i went out to the garden .
the next day everything in the garden was a good head taller charles said , and mary laughed and set about to weed , for the weeds grew twice as fast as the flowers and vegetables , as everyone in the county would be glad to tell you .
she spent her mornings working in her garden and the afternoons as they got hotter and hotter , walking in the cool forest .
even in the frenzy and fear of her thoughts , she already regretted the garden , the waste of it .
charles never loved his child more than when he gently lifted her from the garden and carried her to the river .
he had picked the last roses from the garden and put these into her hands , she grasped them in her sleep , oblivious to the thorns that pierced her skin and tiny veins and oblivious to the blood that streamed down her hands and arms as her father carried her to the river that would be her grave .
mary remembered back to her garden , how she had planted each thing in its turn and in circles of color and scent , and she missed having a garden and picking her supper fresh .
mary remembered back to her garden , how she had planted each thing in its turn and in circles of color and scent , and she missed having a garden and picking her supper fresh .
her hostess was only too glad to invite her to return then and partake of her garden , welcome to help plant it if she liked .
missing her garden while on the road , mary learned to love the wild lands of the florida everglades and the louisiana bayou country , and the sounds of large birds squawking above her made her dream of jungles in even further lands .
so mary went to live in the city until the war was over and she stayed pretty much to the house and the garden , as her employer always brought the groceries home with her when she came in from work , and mary was fine with that , being afraid of the city anyway .
mary was good with little roger , though , taking him with her into the garden and teaching him the plants , teaching him some songs she knew .
but in the spring , she would want to go out to the garden and plant a few beans and potatoes .
that s right , said hester , who smiled at mary and loved her ever after because she appreciated the scents of the garden .
it was mary who reminded roxy when they moved out to denver after the war that they d need to find a place with a garden for the old mother .
every winter hester would fade away almost to death but be reborn and sprightly again come spring , so mary understood that without the garden , hester would fade away forever .
she had once told mary that as long as she had a garden , she would live , forever maybe , that gardening was the key to long life , and mary had wondered why hester told her that , because mary did nt really want a long life , not since her child had died .
giving up at the toilet , pre patou saw through the casement window that esther was now in her garden , bent over , snipping .
after scattering the bread crumbs , which he d saved from his breakfast , in the presbytery garden , pre patou headed up the high street of the village .
in what had been an english garden , a swimming pool and a tennis court now stood .
located about fifteen miles east of the city from which we live twenty miles west , becketts funeral home , advertising itself as a garden of peace and remembrance , turned out to be a good - sized , squat , l - shaped building of blood - red bricks and bright white mortar .
just pub and houses with gardens .
lydia saw co - workers in the gardens picking vegetables , tomatoes they would be canning , cabbages and carrots they would process .
maybe when it got warm shed plant a garden , grow some flowers .
she loved the way she could shut out the rest of the world and just be in the garden .
everythings covered up back therethe graves in the old family cemetery , the old garden plot , too .
its about 150 acres , with buildings for the classes and executive offices , then several small cottages for retreatants , and beyond that gardens to raise our organic vegetables .
it had been years of being strong for mike who seemed to need her calmness to fend off his mothers anger and paranoia , years of doing what needed to be done , inside and out , inside cooking , doing housework , taking care of kids , outside in the fields or barnyard or garden or lawn .
warm weather has come and people are out in the gardens , digging , planting , transplanting , etc .
like maybe shed be on the porch with things from the garden .
walked down past the garden plot with the dried vines of the melon , eggplant , cucumber and pumpkin .
they were green and sweet - smelling , a sharp contrast from the dull brown , rain damaged second crop hay that they had eventually given up on , consigning most of it to the garden as mulch .
he thought of the garden , of the last of the cucubrits waiting to be harvested .
no , miss brenda , i canned up my garden this year , just like usual .
she needs them there : one of the parsons bending over the lawnmower ; mrs . parson out in the back trying to turn the garden ; the hay bales in winter alongside the north side of the parson house trying to keep them warm .
throwing snowballs or clots of dirt from the garden .
and , earlier , snakes in the garden .
you mention snakes in church and that s where everyone would go : to the garden .
he was disking , asking the tractor to take just an eight - foot snap - coupler disk across one of his garden strips when it started slowing , got increasingly rough sounding .
munson slid the old door open to the backyard where the garden patches stretched out into the dim light and the two of them stood and drank quietly , working the cool fluid down into their bodies with the sounds of swallowing making the only ripples upon the air to be heard .
she liked going to botanic gardens and when no one was looking she would snip a flower , most likely a gardenia , which were her favorite .
ellen and lloyd remembered how she would snip ( steal , whatever ) gardenias from plants in botanic gardens and pocket them .
there was one botanic garden in the area and off they went .
the bank had to get that much out of it and so that s how they settled , him dreaming , her praying and here they were ida and adam way out in the country with a couple horses and a garden .
it was chilly when he followed her out of the kitchen to inspect the garden , the barn , the beginnings of a picket - fenced lawn in front and the sun was low and red over the factory chimneys of commerce city and a pale moon had already risen over the silos of brighton and greeley .
after that conversation , his mother never again requested a rose bush but he saw her look longingly at the roses in town gardens whenever they all went to town .
the other thing maggie alice liked to do in her spare moments was to tend the garden .
ishmael helped in the garden and the work seemed to soothe his mood so he stopped having the fits and was often quite joyful .
ishmael never uttered another word that anyone could understand but he tended the roses in the hospital gardens .
the one remains , the many change and pass -- shelley , ptometheus unbound , lii * * * * * table of contents an interesting day the pond other people the garden business after hours unwelcome visitors day trip can i see anothers woe ?
he told her about seeing the first robin of the spring and said in another month she would be able to sit in the backyard and take walks around the perimeter of the garden .
the garden of eden was in her backyard because she was whole again .
yes , ah , myron volunteered to help me start a garden today and will be over at about nine oclock .
myron is coming over this morning to help start a garden .
myrons going to help me start a garden .
were making a garden today .
myron just started his garden this week .
i have nt had a vegetable garden since before johnny was born .
so one thing led to another , and the garden was planned for today .
trevor said , the garden is here !
a garden without tomatoes is like a day without sun .
after checking the sun and discussing various alternatives , they chose for the site of the garden an area near the back fence that had a southern exposure offering the most light .
occasionally the soccer ball would bounce into the garden , from where myron deftly kicked it back to them .
after a while it became obvious that the ball ended up in the garden too often to be an accident .
we do have to finish the garden , boys , but i tell you what .
well have to pray to ceres that the garden will prosper , and of course aid the gods by watering after we put the seeds into the ground .
whichever works best does nt matter as long as we get a garden green .
after putting mark to bed for his afternoon nap , she spent a hour working in the garden behind the house .
in another week or so it would pass its peak , but for now just about every flower in the flower garden was in bloom .
just then john spotted a man working on his garden at the neighboring house .
he had a garden trowel in his hand , which he waved in the air as he spoke .
blake , auguries of innocence # # * * * * * table of contents part i : charlie her last day at home she becomes a christian the buried life part ii : jeremy lost and found he goes his own way the answer to his question part iii : convergence the duty of christian women the best christmas ever planting a seed finding home the kitten the opened door part iv : finale love is best a note about the writer part i charlie i went to the garden of love , and saw what i never had seen ; a chapel was built in the midst , where i used to play on the green .
and the gates of this chapel were shut , and thou shalt not , writ over the door ; so i turnd to the garden of love that so many sweet flowers bore .
william blake the garden of love her last day at home her last day at home was a hot and humid saturday afternoon in august .
they also had to be careful in case a ground ball got past the fielders because mrs . martineau had just planted her flower garden against the back fence last weekend , and she certainly did not want it trampled up .
the flowers did nt look like the ones in gardens .
he liked to talk to the working men in the yards and they would stop to talk to him , tell him stories , point out the flowers and the trees the owners had brought from foreign places , taking pride in these gardens as if these gardens belonged to them .
he liked to talk to the working men in the yards and they would stop to talk to him , tell him stories , point out the flowers and the trees the owners had brought from foreign places , taking pride in these gardens as if these gardens belonged to them .
alexander loved horses and took tourists on horse and buggy rides through the french quarter and the garden district .
noah went meekly enough , followed the nuns to his own room which was actually quite nice with a lovely view of the neighbors garden , learned where to find the bathroom and the dining room and turned off his light when told .
he noticed the puppy in the fenced garden below also watching the birds and noah decided he had to figure out a plan , a way to escape and walk to the ocean , run on the beach and watch gulls .
he picked up the dead bird and threw it as hard as he could into the bushes that marked the boundary of the garden .
little things frighten me : cows getting into a hostile neighbor 's garden or getting lost in the city .
i missed the geese and that summer i was sad , but later i got used to it and concentrated on the garden .
he kept a small kitchen garden but gardening was womans work and he never cottoned to it .
one of the young men , avuran - mali , son of her captor , cut into this discussion , and in a friendly way invited her to come down to the gardens to get some sugarcane .
accordingly he and the girl went down to the gardens together with one or two of the younger boys , among them my informant , tshava , who was then a small boy .
to the south of the house was the garden .
henry had to go to houstons house , that lazy old liar he had never liked , and wait around while houston finished his dinner of beans and onions and garden greens , and then he had to pace himself to follow old houston who moved slower than any man henry had ever seen , around his yard full of trucks in various stages of decay and fossilization , and find the parts he needed , laboriously written out in large lopsided letters on a list .
some help in the garden ?
that s what they did , trenching around the field and the garden plot and diverting springwater to protect the trees .
it was comfortable and spacious and had access to a small garden beyond the kitchen which richard enjoyed working in during his free time .
and on days like this , there was always the garden , that oasis of calm reassuringly waiting for him beyond the kitchen door .
he would come home , numbed by his regular routine of salesman 's patter and mock obsequiousness , or depressed by the world events , and he would simply change , pick up a hoe or a trowel , and tend the garden .
the garden was a small affair , surrounded by a low brick wall , exactly similar in size to all the other fingers of land which lay side by side at the back of the terrace .
richard was a well - built , strong - limbed man and he found that he had to keep changing the lay - out of the whole garden in order to keep himself occupied .
here , in the garden , he could at least produce something , be of some use .
and now eleanor was to him like a garden , reassuringly there , offering peace and comfort , both mentally and physically .
only to another cup of mud at quarter past ten , to the toilet maybe , my flat , the garden , her schoolteacher bed , this fucking tin desk !
cascading across the open fields , along the winding lanes and into the half - land of the suburbs , glossing the felt roofs of garden sheds , crystallising neat flowers and stringing clothes - lines with iridescent beads of glass .
the figure from the garden , the disconcerting image of rachel , had disappeared .
in the ensuing years shed had many suitors and sometimes ventured out to the garden of roses caf or the arajinna odeon .
savouring the sweetly scented day , she took her lunch into the botanic gardens to a bench overlooking the lake .
on the first sunday i walked to the botanic gardens , a favourite place for quiet times and thinking .
he was nearly finished his paper work when he heard michael and penelope taking their breakfast to a garden table under the office window .
intoxicated by elation instead of alcohol , and with images from the depths of the gallery still flooding her mind , may decided on a walk through the botanic gardens .
botanic gardens .
i was going across to the garden of roses .
caroline had never ventured inside the famous garden of roses caf .
he spat , conspicuously , into the garden , and went back inside .
time enough later in the day to talk in the street while gathering for the march and , afterwards , to reminisce in the garden behind the pub where , once a year , two - up was played and the local cop pretended not to know .
a cooked breakfast was considered but they all opted for something simplertoast with marmalade , home made by judith from cumquats grown in the house garden .
when i was nineteen stephen took me to the garden of roses and explained it allwhy my mother felt compelled to walk out and leave me .
half an hour at the garden of roses was all it took .
but my meeting with him ... the garden of roses ... it was pure chance .
she saw maxs brow furrow and added , the footnote would be : caroline blake , misleading oral history , garden of roses caf 1957 .
we drive a fiat uno , and have a cat called molly that digs up the neighbours garden .
when he stands to wipe his brow , out it stretches , reaching out to touch the wooden fence that divides our gardens .
you think the devil lives in your garden ?
if there s heavy rainfall , his garden and drive remain dry as bone .
a splinter snags the dressing gown as i scale the fence and drop into his garden .
the neighbours saw him tiptoeing around his back garden later that afternoon with gun in hand , mouth wide open as though screaming , yet mute as a fish .
it was like a flower from an oriental garden that only bloomed every ten years and only for a day .
and so we started on our way back to the mad poets townhouse , crossing the bridge over the schuylkill and then making our way down spring garden street , and into a poor residential area .
if you need to kill some time , you might try the zoo or the aquarium or the botanical garden for entertainment .
take the time he prayed in the garden of gethsemane before judas 's treachery .
i went into the garden holding my grandfather 's hand .
i thought we would go to his shed where he repaired shoes and made small pieces of furniture in his spare time but he walked down to the end of the garden where there was a wooden seat set under the only tree .
my grandfather sat very still gazing at the end of his shed where it stuck out into the garden covering half the end wall of the house .
behind them is a neat garden with pink gerberas in it and the open door of the house that margie is leaving now .
and those gardens at the mill '' margie thought of the mango trees and the bamboo grove , the loud crotons and acalyphas and the palms that lined the drive like soldiers ` ` he made those , and that place was a showpiece , in its time .
the next is a garden of enormous plastic candy canes .
i can picture it , suddenly : a small , comfortable house with apple trees and a vegetable garden that grows our food .
in mid april , i call the rental agent to let her know that were planning a garden and ask if there s a particular spot we should put it .
what sort of garden ?
there s already gardens on the property .
i mean a vegetable garden .
the owner likes her lawn , and has carefully placed the gardens where shed like them .
the gardens are flower gardens .
the gardens are flower gardens .
a garden plot would be considered a structural change , she says .
i also slip vegetable plants in among the perennial gardens , and i get planters from the thrift store and fill them with herbs and tomato plants , lining them up on the walkway and the driveway .
so , we focus instead on growing the vegetables in our little garden beds at the cabin .
scott turns it , lets it sit , then adds it to the gardens .
morgen helps spread it in around the plants with the child - sized garden tools she got for christmas .
i wish we could buy a house of our own here , so we would nt have to ask anyones permission to have a garden plot .
this lady says that we can use this space to grow a garden .
we could have a pretty big garden here , could nt we ?
i tell her about my dreams of the spring and the garden , and all the produce well have .
he found a place to rent a rototiller , he ordered seeds , and he 's looking for fencing to protect the garden were going to plant .
after weeks of looking , he narrows in on seven - foot plastic link fencing that he can attach to wooden posts and surround the garden .
after a while , morgen runs off to play on the gardens perimeter at the forests edge .
it becomes a routine : the two of them tend the garden while i work nine - hour days at the radio station , raising money to fill the stations ever - increasing needs .
the trees open up and the garden appears before us .
we walk around the garden parameter , assessing the damage .
were going to have to buy some if we want to save the rest of the garden , he continues .
i just wanted to have a garden , to grow our food and share it with others .
he owned a sizeable property , detached and crumbling on the outskirts of town , lived alone but for a tribe of cats he was n't sure belonged to him , had an arrangement with a local couple whose names he always forgot , who cleaned and tidied his abode , inside and beyond , the garden , he felt sure , gateway to another planet , in return for his maintenance of their corns .
16 doctor mood was rapt in his garden .
they went like this : mam a teacher 's daughter , dad the son of a mechanic , mother in a rush to leave home and home 's regime sees this leather - clad young buck straddling a purple - tanked triumph come roaring with his desperadoes into town , one of those small places with leaky roofs , father with a cigarette behind each windy ear and a third wagging in his lips as he talked , conversation modelled on elvis movies , slouch on jimmy dean , mam totally head over heels for this fast bad person , hot for his motorbike , dad only too pleased to take her for a ride , mother - before she even knew it - with those high - waisted knickers round her white - socked white ankles and flesh - padded not foam - packed leather between her bandy legs , father yet to slow down , motoring like crazy , this his first time but he 'd never admit it , blood spotting the flattened grass , fake ladybirds beneath the sycamore tree mam had carved her initials in the weekend before , linking them with jg , jg the boy she was quietly , patiently hoping , despite herself , would turn into something other than a ridiculous plump baker 's boy , the same that was sitting in the tree while the biker and the saturday shop - assistant swapped fluids , dad grunting now , worried about grass stains on his knees , how cool or uncool they would look to his buddies , coming with a stiffening of the spine just as the boy jg landed on her hair and his jacket , mother screeching and father unplugging to rise and crack the interloper on his pug nose , eliciting a toylike squeak that mother would never forget , jg fleeing the woodland arena and his nameless rival to spread the tale of the teacher 's daughter and the escaped lunatic , her ruination and his branding , a host of fathers and brothers to scour with rusted shotguns and polished implements of garden and shed sharp at one end , mam and dad making a run for it , life in his bike as they sped off into a corpulent sunset ... and that 's how you were conceived ?
he turned through the back door and renny tripped after him , pausing to hitch up her cape , the red velvet lining damp , a flash of it disappearing renny into a wash - house chill with concrete and suspended garden implements choked with last year 's and the years ' before garden detritus ; more insects , these to scale and dead , victim to fist - sized spiders whose glittering webs drooped like net curtains in renny 's vampiric wake .
he turned through the back door and renny tripped after him , pausing to hitch up her cape , the red velvet lining damp , a flash of it disappearing renny into a wash - house chill with concrete and suspended garden implements choked with last year 's and the years ' before garden detritus ; more insects , these to scale and dead , victim to fist - sized spiders whose glittering webs drooped like net curtains in renny 's vampiric wake .
he planned to circle grey 's monument , take in the football ground , weave between the five bridges , buzz the co - op and land back in his garden in time for blue peter and jam sandwiches .
emerging after dark from two doors down 's garden shed with its bath - tub and corrugated iron , scherzo crept on all fours through the rose bushes marking the disputed boundary between that garden and mrs fry 's , melding with the aforementioned as a curtain twitched , wary of discovery , imitating foliage and washing as he neared the crumbling brick wall separating mrs fry 's well maintained flowerbeds and lawn from his disordered own .
it was lavishly decorated with orchids and rock gardens and half a dozen fountains of various sizes .
* * * * * table of contents the masters chair the mask lilacs camille 280 se a thousand lights the night garden blue moon look away one by one enterprize rain of gold leaves the window washer chinese laundry the wizard of ice gallery uno lily mark avalanche woman in white a note about the writer the masters chair he saw the chair covered with fabrics , carpets and masses of flowers around it .
i would rather step into a piazza than a temple rock garden .
this garden was as deep as a forest , under a canopy of dazzling shade , where i played with other children .
the library was still in the garden , but abandoned .
the marble halls shone like mirrors along inner gardens where elderly germans strolled , holding cups of mineral water .
my husband confessed that he d never believed the part about the library in the garden and we looked in the windows that were dusty and cracked .
lilacs i was looking at the lilac bushes in the garden .
the night garden she had taken to going down into the garden at night because the days were too hot , the light blinding .
the night garden she had taken to going down into the garden at night because the days were too hot , the light blinding .
one evening she slid open the vast glass door to the deck , walked past him sitting in the darkness listening to his tv , and plunged down the deep wooden steps , like one falling , into the darkness of the garden .
it seemed like a perfect time to water the vegetable garden .
now every night she no longer sat on the deck listening to the electronic words of strangers , but descended , instead , into the garden .
sitting in the garden under the trees , she waited for great truths to descend and flood her mind with comprehension .
the beer garden they had chosen had a direct view of the castle which , now that it was night , stood illuminated by spotlights , a feature both men detested .
a street lamp threw the nightshade of some trees upon the garden filled with small white tables and chairs .
you ca nt cook , bake , garden , paint or even wash your hands .
they sit on the patio next to the garden filled with roses .
they were trying to grow things but the garden was kind of skimpy and all they really did was sit around tripping .
he squinted into the depths of the garden , trying to make out what looked like a darker shadow than the others .
the old palm tree in the corner of the garden harbored a large owl which had recently claimed the yard as its own .
he shivered , remembering what had just happened in the garden .
the odor that had assailed him in the garden seemed to have followed him into the church , sweeter , more sickly , stronger .
david l. ruggeri june 2012 warm winters garden by neil hetzner smashwords edition copyright neil hetznerjuly 2011 warm winters garden all rights reserved .
on hot june afternoons , her ears ringing with the drone of horseflies hovering over the mounds of manure that had been shoveled along the perimeter of the two acre house garden from a horse - drawn wagon , bett had used her short - handled hoe to intercut the sticky , straw - filled manure into the only slightly less sticky loam .
after retracing their steps to the garden , they would lean against the rusting frame of an old tedder , whose corroded tines had spread no hay in decades , extend their arms , flick the bails , pull the stoppers , dodge the spray , and , then , catch the bottles boiling foam in their parched mouths .
opa would point the bottle at the rows and mounds of the garden and give her a satyrs leer that flaunted his lust for the chimneys fecundity .
the seeds of omas seeds had been producing flowers in betts gardens for almost forty years .
the rosemary , sage and lemon balm needed to be dug up from the herb garden , potted and brought inside if they were to survive the winter .
when she had had her first conversation with him along the paths of the tenschingen garden at the boston museum of fine arts , she had had the same sense of wonderment as she had felt when she first saw the twisted skein of protein that was the subject of her dissertation .
it had been a week since she had driven along south countys country roads thinking of gardens .
they had a right to be alive , but not in the garden .
she took care of gardens , and others and herself in so many ways .
rushing through the downstairs rooms , she looked out the windows to see if her mother were down on the dock or out in one of the gardens .
after watching bett try to make the muscles of her damaged arm do her will , neil walked up to the perennial garden and asked her if she wanted to go sailing with him .
they would start a conversation , an innocent conversationabout christmas or gardens or the grandchildrenonly to find that anything which dealt with the future was so riddled with unanswerable questions that they were forced to trail off or make an abrupt change in topics .
in the cutting garden , mature cosmos had dropped seed and those seeds had already sprouted into a carpet of six - inch tall plants , as delicate as spanish lace , growing up and flowering among the woody stalks of their parents .
she walked out to the cutting garden .
bett stood naked in the garden .
the museum has a thing in the spring where they ask garden clubs to do arrangements that relate in some way to certain of the museums paintings .
the girls must have taken them and the camera and gone to the garden .
it was the same solid structure that had walked children from cries to coos , that had crawled along the narrow paths of decades of gardens , that had canted out under an outthrust hip at the end of a mamba .
i m not enough of a garden club anglophile to keep a garden diary , but , if my memory serves , its the earliest i ve ever seen the tulips or hyacinths down here .
i m not enough of a garden club anglophile to keep a garden diary , but , if my memory serves , its the earliest i ve ever seen the tulips or hyacinths down here .
a lot goes into the gardens .
in that room the talk was of plants , of flowers and vegetables , display and cutting gardens .
he could envision a garden two years from where it was .
we pushed the wheelbarrow up the hill and across the yard , down to the end of the fence , along the road to the lane , then down the lane , past the vegetable gardens to a spot where the lane met a spit of uncleared land .
i m in the garden .
she reached behind , found the rubber armpit guard of her crutch , and , using another new skill she was mastering , maneuvered it so that she could use it to push the gathering basket closer to the edge of the garden .
oh , opa , what a grand garden this all is .
wary plastic deer stare from a circular garden of hosta and white marble chips .
later that same morning , as he helps charley hoe the rows of corn in their victory garden , frank asks his father the same questions .
ddtallioni ca nt say the name w / out thinking of a brit clown with a pile of waxy red hair , a putty nose and a nasal accentbut it ai nt 2bgrandpere looks short , has a little pepper and a lot of salt haira nose that reminds me of the nozzle of a garden hoseis that a snozzle ? newman blue eyes and parenthetical lipsa chin likei ca nt think whatmaybe i expended too much of todays brief gift in seeing those thin dark lips as parenthesesrugged , sturdya massif of resolve , rectitude , even , probityddi hate writers who use body parts as a stand in for characterits just another debased phrenologyya got ta figure if physiognomy dictated character , then poe and lincoln , who look like brothers , should have more in common than the ability 2 turn a phrasei draw 2 fingertips toward tallions digitized picture 2 snap off a jaunty saluteu , sir , w / your blue oxford shirt and flaccid striped tie , are the betrother of my bloodu , sir , w / your sworn oath 2 uphold the sacred honor of the national association of realtors as u serve your fellow man , or since u profess 2 have a special interest in the real estate needs of this countrys seniors , the widows of this great land , are the blacksmith of the crucible of my fateu , sir , begat my mother , who , through no fault of her own , begat mei study your face , your eyes , your whole web page , looking for clues 2 my chemistryand , u sir , be forewarned , looking at u on a screen will prove 2 be inadequateu sir , just 80 miles away , shall meet your effect and consequencebye - o , dd .
the distaff half calls , bubbly , burbly to ask if i had heard that they d bought a lot in champagne gardens .
some of them look like communities that you d see on earth , with gardens and houses and people working .
when their gardens and buildings lose the solidity they so carefully tried to build and return to light rays .
we could see some people were in the gardens , either weeding , or picking the product .
it looks like the co - op group , and they are eating corn - on - the cob and watermelon that has been grown in the gardens there .
he and his wife lived in another bungalow on another part of the property which had its own flower garden .
she kept this to herself and downplayed the fact that one day , she would live in a house with large , open spaces , with gardens , fresh flowers , and with people who smiled and who lived lives that were weightless .
* * * outside the house , sam opened the door to a garden shed and flicked on the overhead light .
she devoted all her time to planting flowers and maintaining the garden .
back where her parents have a garden that is balanced and sounds like breathing .
she knows manicured gardens and waterfalls that speak like distant dreams .
her gardens and the balancing act that goes on when she walks through them .
they are nt like a quiet girl who sees symmetry in gardens and can turn her ear towards running water and smile as if it is music .
and i remember we had ice - cream and cake in the little rose garden outside , and he gave you to me as my present .
she let go entirely and pushed herself up uneasily to float on her own feet , quickly taking in her surroundings , and finding herself currently in that rose garden she had describedthe one from her youth , just outside her childhood home : large red rose bushes hedged by a startlingly white fence embracing a lush green lawn and red brick patio sitting by a small pool filled with bright blue liquid .
and the green grass that had once brought such freshness and vivacity to the little garden grew long and desperately in need of a drink of water .
vienne and katharyn , dressed in their relative finest , slid from the house , down the rickety ramp , and into the dilapidated garden .
for now that her body had been burned and ground into particles , and the majority of it spread out in her mothers garden ( the larger bits also discarded by mr .
there was a mass of people in the light and airy little garden .
both girls headed out to the little rose garden behind the house , leaving geo propped up on a footstep near the back door , situated as if its one - button eye were to supervise their fun .
the little pool at the side of the garden was covered by a heavy black tarpaulin , spotted with dried leaves and fallen branches .
a world of joy and happiness in a clean little rose garden , where the songs of nightingales filled the air telling of things to come .
the sky was a brilliant blue spotted with fluffy , pure white clouds , which were mirrored beautifully in the crystal - watered , little garden pool .
and the garden , which seemed to go on forever in a field grass , was full of life , with ripe fruit hanging from the branches of overhanging trees and small furry creatures of the rodent - type bouncing and skittering around the sides .
clipping from the kalawonta news 13th april 1991 arajinna turns out for inter - faith wedding by tania alba the town witnessed a double wedding , although only one couple tied the knot , when judith blake married the reverend maxwell kingsley in the garden beside banabrook homestead on thursday .
okay , ill go and have lunch at the garden of roses caf .
he ran in the direction judith and megan had disappeared , arriving to find megan sitting on a garden bench examining her feet .
tony came lumbering up the verandah steps carrying a garden fork as though on a bayonet charge .
he found barbara borthwick sitting in the garden .
chapter 2 -- nick and marie they look like a couple , sitting on a garden bench on the little hill that forms the front lawn of the big hotel .
he douses the roof of the apartment building with a garden hose .
he takes up two more of the plants and places them into sample bags of their own , then turns to walk off past the little garden of cultivated magnoliophyta , into another section of jungle .
it picks up the barely perceptible scent of cherry blossoms , combining it with the sweet and spicy smells of a mixture of newborn garden flowers , and spreads the smell of spring everywhere .
snake and annetka soon appear too , garden implements still in hand .
as with so many aspects of his life , it was genes competitive drive , that constant force which had led to so many unannounced and unpublicized competitions against an uninformed opposition , which also had been much of the motivation for the garden .
gene had spent the middle of a bee , bug and bird - busy morning weeding his weed - free garden .
for a few moments he had pursued what he thought might be the pleasure of japanese gardening by making swirls in the dirt between plants with the tines of his garden fork .
he contemplated going to elysian fields to look at their inventory , but he had been there less than two weeks before and had come home empty - handed after getting serious about where he was going to find space in his gardens to plant anything new .
gene had gone to panera and bought a baguette to go with a dinner which , with the exception of a grilled chicken breast , was mostly from the garden .
and now he was looking at varietals of kohlrabi , a vegetable or root or whatever the hell it was , a something which he was damn sure he had never knowingly eaten but now was considering growing in his damn garden just to keep the thunderheads of depression at bay while wondering how to respond to his wife and her weasel partner who were trying to screw him out of a third of the rent .
the weekend after halloween he had spent most of a day putting the garden to rest by pulling out the tomato stakes and pulling up the leggy , woody plants they had supported .
his breaths shot through his nose so hard that they made a noise like water spurting through a garden hose .
the idea of something inside him bursting and spurting fluid , like an over - heated garden hose , would nt leave him .
like a worm in a garden , the not lost but soon so soon to be forever lost little girl undulates , twists , ducks and sinuously makes her was through the brush .
they continued walking and turned on seventy first avenue towards forest hills gardens .
the married couple purchased a house in forest hills gardens .
she was kind of strict and she thought i was a weirdo but she loved me and she liked it when i hung out with her in her garden , or when she was doing stuff around the house .
therefore , it already seemed predestined that his demise was as inevitable as a cluster of weeds in an unkempt garden .
but mark me , cobbs : a ronvon doth flourish like a weed in a garden unchecked .
never abandon ye spring of nourishment in the presence of a seeded or unseeded garden .
i assumed dr . lemus had already briefed his secretary on those targets he planned to root out of this school like prickly weeds from a garden .
in fact , i view it as my primary responsibility to weed out unwanted vegetation from my little garden .
it ll be enlightening to see what sprouts from your little garden then , do nt you agree ?
my estimation proved accurate after i observed the first of many peasants tending to their garden plots .
in respect , i told pangloss , i ve already traveled past several gardens before stepping upon this soil .
i do nt wish to insult you , sir , i stated , but i m familiar with the sorrows that you ve endured , and yet you still walk in this garden as if all is as it should be .
this garden could ve been kept as productive as the others , and yet its been allowed to perish .
had it been my choice to cultivate this garden , i would ve followed candides example .
at least my curiosity has ripened better than this garden , said pangloss .
i sometimes wondered if this old lady still imagined me as a ten - year - old boy playing in her backyards tomato garden .
the ripe scents of spring filtered through me , and i was almost positioned like a garden statue at the center of my front yard .
there were also incredible , perfectly manicured green zones and garden areas all over the place that looked as though angels tended them most of the time .
miles could see that the window overlooked a pretty little flower garden behind the gallery .
they formed a garden of weeds that kept bursting forth from the cultivated rows of his mind , a disheveled - but - legible pattern that repeatedly spelled out the words what if .
the look of fear and confusion on the mans face told the world that he had no idea how loaning the new neighbors some tools and garden implements that he had purchased at the local ace hardware could get him into the kind of trouble he was currently facing .
tucked behind my clothes in my bedroom closet was a secret passageway with a door small enough for a garden gnome .
hair down , face sealed in a dusty veneer , mara pressed both candles among a garden of flaming sticks .
livy counted spaces and slid her battleship to marvins gardens .
peter had set patio furniture out on the porch , and lewis had raked the leaves and dead twigs that had fallen from the enormous birch tree that loomed over the plot of ground that hannah had always meant to make into a flower garden .
its all part of our curse for sinning in the garden , for the way all humanity is always disobeying god and being ugly to one another .
the community garden : when my wife died i thought that my life was over .
i had soon developed the habit of going out to her marker each morning to tend the small flower garden that i d planted .
the next day , when i made my daily pilgrimage to my late wifes gravestone the caretaker met me at the entrance and informed me that i would not be permitted onto the premises if i insisted on continuing with my garden .
the next day i watered them , and i continued to travel into the city to tend the small flower garden almost every day , staying in only to avoid inclement weather .
all that growth is my garden , i explained .
one day , some time after the phone call , i was sitting in my garden reading my book , and a youth from the neighborhood paused momentarily as he walked past the plot .
i dug out almost all of the flowers , leaving only those that ran around the perimeter of the garden and set to work planting vegetables .
on the next rainy day , instead of reading on my couch , i made a simple wooden sign that said in red paint : community garden and then made another that read : feel free to take anything you want .
in time the corn , watermelon , squash , and zucchini came in , but nobody ever came into the garden or took any of its produce .
i sat on the little bench that i d placed in the back corner of the garden and , when the weather was favorable , i would spend entire days reading and waiting for someone to come into my little garden .
i sat on the little bench that i d placed in the back corner of the garden and , when the weather was favorable , i would spend entire days reading and waiting for someone to come into my little garden .
i had gotten up from my bench to explain to her that the garden was for anyone who wanted something to eat , but she waved me off and quickly turned her back .
occasionally a bum would pass by and take something from the garden .
i noticed a vagrant looking both ways , as if making sure that the coast was clear , before then stepping quickly into the garden and plucking a tomato that had been planted close to the street .
when he saw me sitting in the back of the garden he quickened his pace .
one day , while i sat in the garden reading and waiting , the youth who had suggested that i plant vegetables walked by .
one evening about a week after my encounter with the youth i arrived at my garden and found all of the fruits and vegetables gone .
and i set to work that day tending the garden just as i would have done on any other day .
and although the percentage of food that people took for consumption paled in comparison to the amount that rotted in the garden , those few people gave me the fortitude i needed to continue leaving my house each morning .
not long after that i began receiving complaints from people who claimed that produce from my garden was being used to pelt their homes and storefronts .
i continued tending the garden until the illness set in .
you sold my garden and stole my money ?
if you get well enough that they allow you to leave the assisted living center you ll be able to buy a huge plot of ground for a new garden .
-the shoes , she dissolved in acid , waiting over ten weeks for the foul decoction to obliterate all traces of them , before allowing herself to return to the zoological gardens .
zoological gardens ?
each house had pigs , chickens , water buffaloes and a garden .
i sit watching the delicious little birds hop from seed to seed on the dying thistles in the garden outside the window .
the cloud and fog and dirt and noise hung low over the avenues , and along them the lights of the shop windows poured a wet , dripping sheen over the streets and over the traffic in the streets so that sharon , making her way to work every day from kew gardens , felt as though she were going down a mine .
sharon got out of bed , put on a robe , and left the house by french doors in the bedroom that let out onto a courtyard in the rear of the building : quarters like theirs on three sides with a gallery all around , enclosing a kind of rock garden that had a fountain in the center , a dry fountain .
lyla danced on air and , in the morning , found herself on the kitchen floor or coiled into a pretzel in her mothers garden .
we do nt belong in the garden .
his fiction writing can be found in night train ; snow monkey ; you have time for this : contemporary american short - short stories ; best american flash fiction of the 21st century ( a book used as a text in china ) ; emerging voices ; and in a variety of online sites , including vestal review , the god particle and the story garden .
the vegetable garden had to be watered and checked for potatoes and carrots and peas that were ready for picking .
she had water buckets to fill from the well , and just enough irrigation to let to the garden .
nevertheless , she had soon pulled out some eggs and goat cheese , and muttering something about the garden she 'd noticed , briskly stepped out and returned with a handful of freshly grown spinach .
i remember my little grandson abraham , my daughter 's son she lives in maine you know , they had to move because of her husband 's job my little grandson comes up to me one day when i ' m out in the garden weeding my rosebushes .
she had to work tomorrow , her miserable hostess job at the garden grill .
down here through the garden .
she imagined the resort expanding , indoor swimming pools , garden bars , and live concerts .
a farmhouse cottage garden , the cattle - sheds in rolling hills .
with army - general - officers and police - marshall and sheriff , upstart colonel not yet elected by the - people only each nominally - elected by the - elitethe - people under duress ... of the - establishment : the - elite : presidential ceo andprime - ministers of the familial - elite : with ... > chain of command : ... on - screen : clearing ground razed computer auto - digging the trenches for sewerage pipes , and clickingwork - gang working ... exchanging expertise and skill ... artfully crafting : < utilities : water / gas and electric and telegraph - cable lines dragged suspended across and buried - below - ground ... > tunnels for road and rail - bridge ... and overpass ... < express - way : ... to the outer - suburban outskirts : row- upon - row of workers - houses , and ever taller > apartment - blocks : homes built cheaply low - energy efficiency short - term small cramped tenements < with or without a market ... rented , sold - off ... garden , for food and flowersperhaps ... . > industrial - factory - farmed estates , and ... < business - park marked - out , by ... lake and sea ... and ocean ... and continental - shelf ... > like an in - store mall - shelf ... < tenements storied - high - waves : ' lets go - fishing !
joseph , being unschooled in matters of horticulture , had raked most of the leaves into the gardens , his ( nave ) intention being that the leaves would provide nutrients for the next batch of growth the following spring .
in the obriens neighbourhood , the trees arched triumphantly over the streets and grew plentifully in back gardens , like great protectors shielding both the homes and their residents from the ill effects of too much sun and rain .
in the larger scheme of things , if there is any divine being it seems highly unlikely that he would be any more concerned about the strife of the human race than we are concerned about the suffering within an anthill in a back garden after the lawn - care man has come by or by the fighting of dogs in the street .
they approached kew gardens , a wonderful park .
they passed through kew gardens , where the rains from earlier in the week had accumulated in puddles .
afterwards , they rested at kew gardens , where they saw organised groups of picnickers , church groups joseph supposed .
nurture it as you would a second chance in the garden of eden , as you would a paradise regained with the overlay that in this episode let it be unattached to the delusion of isolation , the trammels of language , and that rich and cunning language of serpents .
the neighborhood smelled like a damp garden forest most of the time .
once inside the park she had me follow signs to the new orleans botanical gardens .
when we were at the garden jackie told me , park the car off of lelong drive .
at the edge of those woods there s a teeny tiny gnome garden .
i think the establishment was located in a predominantly black neighborhood that was somewhere west of the garden district .
she , her study group and the class professor were hungry and decided to go have a picnic at the botanical gardens .
jackie said , grandma also knitted a lot and grew a vegetable garden in their backyard .
there was no garbage in the postage stamp front lawns , just winterized flowerbeds and rock gardens .
i want you to open a garden in which they can walk for the rest of their lives , she said .
and not only that : they were born on the same day , siddhattha gotama and he ; ananda in kapilavatthuwhere they were to grow up togetherand siddhattha in lumbini , in a garden beneath a sal tree , where his mother , queen maha maya , on her way to her fathers kingdom to give birth according to sakyan tradition , were to rest for the night .
he would then scour londonor the continentfor a cast , negotiate their fees , rent the covent garden theatre or some such place , stage and direct the thing , make peace among his warring crews and prima donnas , wear the cashiers hat , the organists , the conductors , the bow - takers , and pay masters , and then , with all of london singing his praises again ( and , to be sure , he was not above enjoying praise ) , it was off to brook street , where he lived , to count the profits .
they cruised slowly up and down looking into front lawns and gardens for any sign of him .
one was mounted over the front door , one showed the back porch and its french doors from a camera concealed in the back garden , one showed the inside entrance , and one showed the upstairs main hallway .
the garden room would be just above them .
and out we went for fresh air , our daily dose in the damp grey of the garden .
so out they came into the garden with us for our dose of fresh air .
we built a wall with them , for our fairy garden , that s what we said .
there was an herb garden , abundant and bedraggled on the side where i was standing .
it carries no more threat than a child hiding in the garden .
so i just let him lie here and then he potters in the garden with me .
and then i found i was there , just like the first time when i had seen her working in her herb garden , that patch of lushness , cut into the yellow , salt - burned grass .
she held out her hand then , inviting me graciously into the overgrown enclave of her garden .
i d never lifted potatoes before , pushing the prongs of the garden fork into the soil , driving them in with a firm push of my foot , turning the soil and sifting , pouncing on the dirty plump tubers with the delight of a child picking up shells .
so i go and dig my garden , and grow my herbs , and forget about the sailing .
i walked back that way every now and then and if she was in her garden she would call out to me and i d join her , weeding and digging and watering .
opening our old wardrobe she took out two identical packages wrapped in brown paper and tied with garden string .
they re for fields and gardens , clustering under trees , inside they open too quickly , shrivel round the edges and lose their freshness , and then their smell changes , something rank with a hint of cat urine .
those few times , two or three , no more , when i ve headed off to frances little patch of garden , hoping to find her there , hoping to join her , digging and turning soil , sitting in her kitchen , tea and talk ; but not now , not for now .
i could nt hear her , my mind was too full of the sun and the flower , a warm day in the garden and my sister there , a brown smudge of mud on her face .
the back porch , which had been virtually non - existent , soon became the site of their greenhouse , as well as their indoor koi pond and garden .
still , english is a bountiful garden , replete , wild and untamed , and often profound enough to serve quite well .
william had brought tea for the two of them , and ruth was now sipping hers while julian looked out the window at the green meadow of a garden behind his lab .
and he said , i am a bird of the heavenly garden , i belong not to the earthly sphere .
epicureanism in the year 306 bce , epicurus founded a philosophical school in the garden of his athens homewhich is why his followers became known as philosophers of the garden .
epicureanism in the year 306 bce , epicurus founded a philosophical school in the garden of his athens homewhich is why his followers became known as philosophers of the garden .
for example , the biblical stories of the garden of eden and the deluge ( universal flood ) are common to other ancient middle eastern religions as well .
i did nt know what to answer her so i left her in the garden , and i did nt see her again , except for briefly when we left claudettes house ( we were invited to dinner at claudette colberts place ) .
finally be able to take care of my garden properly , she made a gesture with her arm , indicating the surrounding greenery .
she then told him about her plans for her garden , but almost as if they were already in the past .
and what about my garden ?
if she resented turning her garden project over to my loveable mexican , which is what she would call raphael even to his face as well , she did nt show it .
it was like driving through someones garden .
maya is the garden where spirits play , said yama .
and in that garden some will light the fire of nachiketa to burn , to sacrifice their shackles , to set the self free , to eradicate the shadow self by the glaring light of truth .
laredo would have called the cops , but he had three baby marijuana plants growing in the herb garden in his windowsill .
even when i ' m miserable i can do something weed a garden .
farm is the idyllic term - it was a garden .
most of julia 's neighbors have opted for gravel and cactus gardens , and the light of it all , the lava rocks and chalky rocks , without any trees for shade , is blinding .
he s thinking that he s bound for home and his little country cottage , nestled in a cosy dell , its stone walls covered with creepers , its front garden full of well - pruned rose bushes , all of it far away from the tropics and native art .
to attract popular support for the ceremony , the authorities provided free hot dogs and soft drinks in the gardens of the legislative building .
together with senior officials and invited guests , he moved on to attend the garden party , which was held on the lawn in front of the governors official residence .
it is just an ordinary garden hosepipe .
the father of chicken , mr . giovanni , was to low and red hand , with the beard ingrigita that made him / it similar to garden dwarf .
to august the bookstore was closed and he was given to the garden , just as an elderly .
a beautiful garden , a small orchard , two caprettes and a hen - pen constituted the most greater part of its appointments and the pacific oasis of its loneliness .
to ring the bell of house innocentini has reminded me the distant period when , children with the ball under the arm , went to play in the garden of mark .
marfa petrovna accidentally overheard her husband imploring dounia in the garden , and , putting quite a wrong interpretation on the position , threw the blame upon her , believing her to be the cause of it all .
an awful scene took place between them on the spot in the garden ; marfa petrovna went so far as to strike dounia , refused to hear anything and was shouting at her for a whole hour and then gave orders that dounia should be packed off at once to me in a plain peasant 's cart , into which they flung all her things , her linen and her clothes , all pell - mell , without folding it up and packing it .
but by god 's mercy , our sufferings were cut short : mr . svidrigalov returned to his senses and repented and , probably feeling sorry for dounia , he laid before marfa petrovna a complete and unmistakable proof of dounia 's innocence , in the form of a letter dounia had been forced to write and give to him , before marfa petrovna came upon them in the garden .
a few paces beyond the last market garden stood a tavern , a big tavern , which had always aroused in him a feeling of aversion , even of fear , when he walked by it with his father .
as he passed the yusupov garden , he was deeply absorbed in considering the building of great fountains , and of their refreshing effect on the atmosphere in all the squares .
by degrees he passed to the conviction that if the summer garden were extended to the field of mars , and perhaps joined to the garden of the mihailovsky palace , it would be a splendid thing and a great benefit to the town .
by degrees he passed to the conviction that if the summer garden were extended to the field of mars , and perhaps joined to the garden of the mihailovsky palace , it would be a splendid thing and a great benefit to the town .
then he was interested by the question why in all great towns men are not simply driven by necessity , but in some peculiar way inclined to live in those parts of the town where there are no gardens nor fountains ; where there is most dirt and smell and all sorts of nastiness .
the old man had approached her in the summer garden one day and told her that he wanted to write my name in come all over [ her ] face and she said nothing but took his hand and took him home and adopted him and he came on her face and in her mouth , knelt studiously besides her , made her stick out her tongue so as to render the come that he had there deposited easily accessible and proceeded to fingerpaint in come on her forehead , which he had left purposefully unpolluted .
chapter vii and on and off he walked his sigh hungry for the others face , his shaggy mouth acunt , and on he stumbled into the lamppost , tripping , blinded , rising , drifting , gazing cuntward , but his surcunted orientation failed him , and his whole body tried to shake itself off , shake him off and gyrating cuntwise , and after he had mastered his cunticular movements he decided he would no longer obey the dicta of cuntum physics no he would not decunt himself further before all those serenely dogmatic non - cuntists and he would burn their gardens and from their ashes would rise a pure clean precuntic globe a globe of generous bulk goldsculpted into eternity each mourning and no of course he would do no such thing it was nt worth a cuntlick to him regardless regardless i say of paracuntular historicist implications and he refused to encunt the crumbs of his mind with the paintsplashes from the postcuntal blasts and the onslaying births of cuntlets myriad and varied left him cold histrionic he was crashing outside the street painting and dripping and the raining himself outside his lines as if mocked by a malevolent demiurge with a remote cuntroll and his antenn picked it up insect being squashed by pure will head contra lamppost there was no burn from the weak light and all this was molten autumnal metaphor and it was the time of languid cuntfall .
they cleared a space in the center of the room by moving the assortment of dusty fountains , miniature zen sand gardens and brass hindu idols .
an empty bag of fertilizer lay like desiccated roadkill , leftover from the enormous garden swann once kept in the big flat area beside the main dome .
sun filtered into the outdoor garden onto the picnic table with the red checked tablecloth .
deputy dalton spent the morning with a garden rake combing through the outline of the former barna tall thin farmer working hells truck farm .
suddenly , yonka whirls around and runs to the garden digging her hands in the soil and smashing the dirt into her face and dress .
they enjoy eating the meal outside on their garden patio .
were going to madison square garden ?
an hour later , carolyn stepped out of the cab in front of the garden and saw the marquee and laughed .
i would love to draw you outside , in your garden .
one of the people my father knew from the mosque was an accountant who worked for madison square garden .
he got me a job at the garden as a janitor .
for me , a job at the garden was no different than a job at any other place .
i quit the job at the garden in september of 1980 and started classes the next day at aviation .
carson , sasha and dianne eating outside in a robust garden patio .
a sundial garden , of various sizes , shapes and registers , rise from the snow like miscellaneous tombstones .
tilting up from a copper disk blooming with oxidation , we see sasha in the sundial garden , posing with arms outstretched , an upward glance at the pallid winter sky .
as his brother walks ahead , carson pans slowly over the grounds : a three story main building with two wings backed into the mountain with a generous plateau spread in front sustaining a few smaller stone structures and a fenced area with uniformly snowed - over bumps : a sleeping garden .
it falls on the garden , it falls on the stone benches and on the workers at the top of the scaffolding carefully ratcheting chains around the base of the cross which are hooked to cradling lines running up to a crane whose long yellow arm is grounded to a four wheeled machine waiting to lift and gently remove the cross from the top of the promontory .
outside my garden apartment , the green of the shrubs and trees and the shroud of rain pouring down seemed like a separate , uncontrollable reality .
aspiria enjoyed her family , home , and garden .
i brought some fresh vegetables from my garden .
uncle piori and aunt kaytil had a lovely manicured garden out back with a swinging bench .
aunt kaytils garden was filled with brilliant colors , and he occasionally looked at some brilliant purple flowers in the distance ; they were large , and attached to sturdy green stems coming up from the long , broad , and strong leaves that seemed to start from the roots and then curved upwards ending in dull points .
he helped aspiria in her little vegetable garden for a while , and then thought that he could turn it into something more substantial .
he now worked this garden with duty and purpose .
caryell would sometimes spend the day with steve working the garden .
and their rage burning in the garden for an age .
then the scene at the denver botanic garden changed everything .
they were sitting by the lake in the japanese garden , one of their favorite places .
the next morning at ten minutes past ten , tom pulled into the parking lot at websters gardens .
he was no connoisseur of gardens and landscape design but anyone with half a soul could nt help but feel nurtured by the arrangement around the entrance , particularly the large pond with overhanging weeping cherries .
this is a garden center after all .
if i get too old to grow plants and design gardens anymore , i do nt think i d want to go on , she said .
elaine had spent fifteen years on the gardens at hers and it would be like losing a child for her to give them up .
tom was astounded to discover just how profitable the garden center was .
since the garden center was the big money maker , they discussed tom quitting his job and helping elaine manage it .
the arbor was covered with climbing white roses and pale blue clematis plants that they had forced into bloom out of season in one of the greenhouses , and surrounded by pots of also forced pastel tulips and bleeding hearts and live giant ferns , so that the effect was of a fairytale cottage garden .
it was a beautiful breezy sunny day when josh got the call at websters gardens , where he was rapidly learning the business , and enjoying it .
i also could not have finished without lots of help in our extensive gardens , which my daughter - in - law tina and my grandchildren kalee , sutton , jasmine , george , aubree and gavin all provided , turning the kids into expert little gardeners in the process .
now , however , the whole space seemed like it was out of a home and garden magazine , with a big picture window looking out over their back yard , and two antique armoires , painted here and there by theresa with mountain scenes and tiny blue and purple flowers .
such a lovely plant grew in the small excuse for a garden that was planted right outside of my apartment building .
he led us out of the back entrance into a large garden .
i am , however , contemplating the elimination of this dreadful garden .
it was prosperity in the garden that first invited the snake .
jane could see herself sitting on the open porch that faced the road , could see her garden to the east , her future children on the rope swing under the oak tree .
the tree of knowledge was not an apple in the garden , it was learning the word mine .
he ran into the stables hoping to find somewhere to hide but they were bare and empty with no possibility of concealment ; then out through the back of the stables to where there stood a tall sandstone wall whose railing gate offered the only entrance , lurch 's bark was gaining , he opened the gate and stepped into a walled garden .
the garden was overgrown with weeds , great thorn bushes strangled the life from autumn flowers , shattered glass houses hid their contents with moss - covered panes .
men were tending crops in perfectly kept garden - like enclosures , children played together chasing after fat little dogs which yelped in their excitement .
lady axa led her children along marble passageways and down wide flowing stairs then across a courtyard in which delicate fountains tinkled gaily into ponds filled with fattened fish , fruit trees scented the air in a garden where humming birds buzzed and hummed as they darted among beautiful flowers .
however even their attention could not remain upon the dancing girls for long , they were amazed by the splendour all around , bright , white buildings towered above them , gardens that seemed to cling to the sides of the buildings burst forth with plants and shrubs of amazing variety , winter was approaching but the flowers displayed were magnificent .
concealed upon the mountain - top was a miniature city ; walls , houses , terraces , steps and storehouses , animals and carefully tended gardens all appeared before him .
no more being ordered about , no more preparing food for men whose only thanks was a grudging curse , to live in the garden of eden for the rest of his days .
she followed the embankment for some time then veered off to the left through the area which davey knew was now overgrown with rhododendrons , shrubs and trees but chacuti rode along a wide path through well - kept gardens ; flowers of all kinds burst forth all around ; trees , fetched from all corners of the globe helped form this arboretum .
still hazy with sleep , she rubs her eyes and contemplates stepping out to where she would normally find the front garden .
or you could choose a magnolia , robert e. lee , a mocking bird , a live oak , the siege of vicksburg , a wood duck , a white - tailed deer , a largemouth bass , the state capitol building , a steamboat , jesus praying in the garden , moses parting the red sea , or the ruins of the windsor plantation .
dixon reveals his guilt to her over the death of his italian collaborator during a halcyon moment in a garden on the banks of a swiss lake , surrounded by the reverberating , dulcet calls of loons .
would you like to have a glass of ice tea with me in the garden ?
the grounds are pretty , well kept , like a photo of some great old english estate : manicured lawns , trimmed hedgerows , little gardens with benches for sitting and reading , fountains .
kane marched forth through alleyways of stone , through the square , past mosques and synagogues far older than kane 's homeland , past the mothers breastfeeding in the streets , the men in uniform , the soldiers bearing guns , through the grass , gardens , dirt roads and copses , as the pounding agony throbbed in kane 's head , pulsing rhythmically and musically , as everybody stared .
at that moment , the sun hit its zenith to shine a lamplight glow over kane hailand and alma in the desert sand , locked in mirrored smiles , peering into each other 's eyes and souls to say telepathically what all words in all languages can only strive to express , shadows minified in an everlasting song , the royal flower in her ear suddenly seeming an exotic garden , lustrous and overflowing with too much beauty to be held captive , while everything in sight became furniture of the cosmic order- kane and alma , lovers in the glow .
just the slip of her sweet tongue was enough to send him dazed into the gardens of forever .
world rife with beauty , a great garden with two gardeners .
love her garden .
a landscaped lawn and gardens led down to the waters edge , where a flag - stoned terrace fronted the lake .
my dad went to the store and my mom was working in her garden in the backyard .
sometimes , when they traveled , they would come across atlas , a titan who had n't shrank himself and lived in a garden guarded by a dragon .
she felt the neighbors ' eyes on her and even caught one of the slaves staring as she tended the garden outside the house she lived in .
what you can do is grow a garden of medicinal herbs for you and your community ; spread the word , because you have the power .
still absorbed in the vision , amelia watched as one of the master creators did something that had never been accomplished before or since : her dream materialized as the physical universe , with a garden of eden called earth as the crown - jewel of her creation .
a deep , unimaginable sorrow tugged wretchedly at her heart as she looked down at a small village , freshly torched to the ground , with smoke spiraling from ashen heaps that had once been homes and gardens .
the village elder had been locked in a cage and the villagers had been shackled as slaves for their fearless refusal to feed the dark forces of rome with food from their gardens .
the earth was not a roiling mess of volcanic ooze it was a pristine garden filled with every creature known to man .
amelia found herself in the middle of a lush , natural garden watching a man as he contemplated a faerie standing in the palm of his hand .
we faeries have been put in charge of all this , she added , stretching both of her arms wide to include everything in the garden surrounding them .
bumble bees began buzzing around the garden , happily flying past the man and faerie , dancing from one flower to the next .
in another direction wildflowers grew amidst a small vegetable garden with a beehive .
as alexs memories traced back over his lifetime , amelia was shocked to recognize the pond and surrounding forest where shed fallen asleep the night before ; but there was nt an orchard or a garden or the raspberry bush fence .
he took her to the forest glade and they sat together every evening imagining where they would plant a garden and an orchard , as well as fragrant flowers that would fill their home with sweet scents , no matter which direction the breezes blew .
they imagined planting a long row of raspberry bushes , side by side , surrounding their property a fence that would last forever , give them fruit and privacy while keeping deer out of their gardens , yet this fence would feed their neighbors and passersby as well .
in addition , the bear cub learned how to dig holes for root cellars and how to prepare the ground for a garden in the spring .
the only thing left to plant was their vegetable garden .
when planted , these seeds would communicate to the rest of the garden the unique hereditary needs of the family .
this gave them the space to have a forest , an orchard , a garden and a pond .
amelia could feel herself as alex , full of love for jenica , all the villagers , his home and garden and animals .
on that bright , spring day with his son cradled in his arms , alex sang as he walked through the garden .
she spoke of her favorite flowers in the garden and described the sunlight glittering on the pond where swans sailed elegantly throughout the day .
they shared poetry and painting , matthew joined amelia in the garden in his wheelchair , and for the first time they ate their meals together .
she saw her pond and forest , the orchard and gardens .
nestled within the valley was a settlement composed of widely spaced plots of land with houses built upon them , surrounded by green leafed trees and gardens .
we will be the invisible cause behind wars , and when peoples homes are burnt to the ground , when their gardens and livestock are destroyed or stolen ... they will quickly discover the value of living within walls .
the world around him began to shimmer in light , engulfing the pond , the forest , the garden and orchard , and his beloved wife and child .
he began describing where he envisioned an orchard , and a garden and their house surrounded by jasmine and gardenia bushes and roses too .
mothers did nt shoo their children into the house , and in fact , as they walked along people waved and said hello , smiling at him with kindness while waving to asha and offering them some extra fruit or vegetables from their gardens .
each homestead had fragrant colorful flowers , a vegetable garden , a pond , an orchard and a forest , and oddly enough , most seemed to have fences surrounding the property composed of raspberry bushes .
she told dylan that she had befriended a unicorn earlier that summer and she explained what delicacies it liked to eat and how she planted everything in the garden with love so it would feel her love even more when it ate the carrots she planted .
he could nt see her hair , which was tucked into a hat , but those blue eyes flickered , making him think of a morning glory alone in the mulch of his mothers garden .
i even used a little rose water after my morning shower , and cecil said i smelled like a delicious garden when he kissed me after pouring a cup of coffee .
i wanted to be a daisy in a rose garden .
sat forward on the couch and eyed me with that same strange expression , like i was a kid playing in her freshly pruned garden .
eventually some hearty souls began to actually live on the water , travelling the coastal shoals , obtaining their protein from the ocean as well as the coastal forests and the remainder of their nutritional needs from the new seaside gardens .
jack was resting by the garden fence and gestured to the panorama that was his neighbourhood .
i d find bad guys everywhere , and with my spud gun i was invincible , finding them in gardens , on the streets , all over the place .
his head was bare , a garden of reddish - blond ringlets .
i stepped toward it , past an assortment of boxes , garden tools and jasons purple trike , looking like a surreal acrylic in the corridors dim light .
* * * later that evening , i dreamt i was in a lush garden late at night .
suddenly an unseen but powerful force plucked me from my hiding place in the garden .
the invisible force shouted , and dropped me back into the garden , shattering some of the glass plants .
like a garden of my favorite flower .
louise seemed frazzled , and she admitted that she spent most of the time in her room with her pets or minding her own business in her glass garden .
i remember the wide eyes cain and lily had as they picked their way through aunt louises glass garden .
he let me make my garden and have my pets and live my life as i wished .
i held aunt louise tighter , vainly trying to comprehend what emotions might be crashing through the woman who had just wanted to live quietly and pleasantly in her glass garden , forever protected from the horrors of her familys past .
i readily agreed , somewhat grateful i did nt have to take her whole garden .
it was a garden hose nozzle , which surprised me since the lawn clearly had n't been watered in a long time .
and now they wanted nothing more than to watch it happen around them , in flow , a life like a garden .
supermarket the a & p is a supermarket , a higher exchange , an inexhaustible reservoir , a place so complete it can embrace its own contradictions : it is both abattoir and garden , sacrifice and harvest , death and life .
the places of extra flesh seemed derived from elysian ffields , fruit from the garden adam was born in .
i was thinking about it later , strolling in the gardens surrounding the mathrimandir .
commander alexander has asked if you would like to come out and sit in the inns garden to watch the sunrise with him .
he would marvel at the wisdom of ecealdor for the order of the garden in the midst of its diversity .
i own all , all the mountains , and the forests , and your little garden plot , son of feohtan !
we know whose work has ravaged the garden , do we not ?
many considered the meadows a rough backwoods , though the waving grasses , cool trees and mirrored pools would appear like heaven itself to one who had not seen and could not compare the kings courtyards and gardens .
fruits of the garden ?
the feohtans appetites had fully squandered the plants and trees of the garden , yet the shame he felt over this wreckage still could not stop his scavenging .
it was one of freds staffers , bernie zusak , a man belinda had always liked , who delivered the news on sunday , while belinda rode to a womens luncheon to be held in an atrium at the myriad botanical gardens .
but she loved her little house on the west side of the city that faced the puget sound and had a small garden out back .
i aim my garden hose at their rolled down windows and scream at them .
she may be in the garden .
anger rose up inside him and he pounded his fist on the table , knocking over the mason jar that held flowers from hannahs garden .
the healing garden .
welcome to the healing garden everyone .
toil and sweat are what create a nice garden , not romantic yearnings .
while her mom , according to jackie , kept finding excuses to drive from town to town , shopping or getting ideas for the garden .
there would only be flowers picked from a friends garden , no flower girl , no open bar , a dj playing old standards but no band .
mom described work in her garden , and a local political race she was canvassing for .
shading my eyes with the palm of a hand , i surveyed the lawn tennis court and adjacent garden .
there was rose garden between the court and the house , while on the remaining side of the court , a brick stairway breached a metre high wall , to access an adjoining area of garden dominated by a leafy summerhouse .
there was rose garden between the court and the house , while on the remaining side of the court , a brick stairway breached a metre high wall , to access an adjoining area of garden dominated by a leafy summerhouse .
the shadows across the court were longer there was loss of definition i could sense the garden was cooling .
you ve seen the state of the garden ?
a satisfied stomach in a garden of plenty .
in the summer , she took a towel to a far corner of the garden , to bake under a punishing sun .
i am standing in the middle of a small patch of lawn between grey squares of boxed garden .
i wandered aimlessly along a footpath , towards the queens gardens .
in the summer evenings we walked along the straight concrete paths that bordered local reservoir lakes and tenement gardens .
we wandered off into the gardens , along winding pathways surrounded by splashes of bright colour .
there was nostalgia in the peaty smell of mossy emerald grass for both of us as i d found out at kew gardens .
roast beef , mashed potatoes and gravy , fresh garden string beans , candied yams , and those great home - baked biscuits that she always ate too many of .
it took some doing but he avoided the burly orderly who sat at the front entrance of the centre and he made his way across the garden beds , over the low fence and down the northern side of the property .
i shall not live in fear of hairy , cowardly monsters that move quietly in the dark still of the night planting injustice in my fertile garden .
the barf will freeze in minutes , and sometime this afternoon the bartender will scrape it into the street with a garden hoe .
her work has appeared inmuse , harlot of the arts : a revealing look at the arts of persuasionandweb del solandcrackthespine.com.she currently lives in riverside , california with her daughter and husband and has a fabulous garden .
julia wondered if her niece might she smell another toddler upon her cardboard books and little tykes garden ?
abraham ray stood , then collected his son from where abraham would nt let jj into the plastic garden .
how about if we take a walk instead , and i can show you the drunken garden ?
the sunken garden is what they call it , but my best buddy calls it the drunken garden .
the sunken garden is what they call it , but my best buddy calls it the drunken garden .
come on , cass , i promised to show you the drunken garden .
so why do they call it the drunken garden , tim ?
it really is , its a very different life , we had ani - mals , a garden in the summer , it was much simpler .
cypresses and laurels gave shade and life to the terrace which looked out on the olive garden and wheat fields .
i stepped across the vegetable garden below the house where we had eaten , the tomatoes and pepper plants were still young , waiting for their fruit to appear .
it is redundant who possesses a rose garden .
why is this mind training to pluck a beautiful rose from the garden of the god and tuck it in the locks of our beloved ?
our open kitchen does have space for five banana leaves on the ground and we have enough banana trees in our garden .
and looked out the back window to see joan on her hands and knees in her small garden , holding two pieces of a plant she seemed to be trying to transfer from pot to soil .
working the dog show , joan shouted from the garden .
gail knew there was no way in hell she was saving a dozen dead fish for two weeks so she could haul them to rhode island to fertilize her garden , but she said nothing .
they bitch when you buy a power saw , then spend twice as much on crap for the garden .
she ca nt dance , she s not much on outdoorsy things , though she does fiddle in her garden quite a bit .
in the meantime , go out to the garden and make it a little better than it is now .
heck , if its a big pile of dirt with not a thing growing , all right , then grab a rake and smooth it out , just as long as you re doing something in the garden until i get there .
promise me you ll work in the garden until i get there .
joan started toward the garden , but never made it .
i never made it to the garden , joan said .
she supposed to cook , and clean , and sew , and vacuum , and fuss in the garden , and take jamie shopping .
your place is here , in your home , where you belong , here , in your family room , in your kitchen , in your garden , not 45 minutes away at the beach while your husband and your daughter do your chores on top of their own .
but i ca nt stay in my sisters bedroom forever , having my daughter sleep on a pull - out couchnot that we are nt grateful for the hospitality , i do nt mean it that waybut its just not right , not when i have my own home , my own pots and pans , my own garden that needs tending , a husband who needs me .
i ran the short distance to diannes place , taking extra care not to knock over any of the awful garden gnomes leering at me from her front veranda .
insects and butterflies were as much a part of the garden as the weeds and the long grass .
actually , the whole garden felt old , and magical .
if fairies were real and little people really did live under toadstools , uncle harrys garden is exactly the kind of place i d expect to find them .
i tore across the front yard and pounded on the front door , missing the perfect opportunity to go bowling with the garden gnomes .
they were pushing their matchbox cars through mums garden and had been there all morning .
do nt let mum catch you playing in the garden , i warned , shell go off her nut .
she walked straight past brian and did nt even notice the mess he d made of her garden .
about once a week they donated a basket of home grown vegetables from their garden to the thompson residence .
sometimes maggie would spot them out front tending their gardens and stop for a chat , but in all the years since immigrating to australia , their english had never yet surpassed a few phrases , so the conversations were always short .
looking around the empty kitchen , yesterdays dishes still on the sink , the daisies maggie had picked from the back garden wilted pitifully in a vase , peter felt as bad as he remembered having ever felt before .
elvis barked loudly next door , the stefanadis toiled away in their vegetable garden , and cars sped by on the road out front , yet for peter , it was almost as though the world had stopped turning .
the regime had fallen , and the wind , which had so long been forbidden , blew in and carried her away like a seed to another garden where she was now blooming , free of the insidious weeds of tyranny and repression .
later that afternoon , sonny watched from his upstairs window with binoculars as mrs . shamir , dressed in cut - off dungarees and a flimsy halter , made multiple trips with a fire engine red wheelbarrow , lugging the smelly cow - poop to the back yard where she raked the brown gold out over her newly seeded vegetable garden .
naomi was already out in the rear puttering in her garden .
on the jewish side were verdant fields , farms , flower gardens and even luxurious swimming pools filled to overflowing .
they were touring berne that particular day and on their way to a beer garden and the local zoo .
his mother wanted to plant a vegetable garden , and he volunteered to repair the chicken wire fence , which was badly damaged over the previous winter .
over by the rock garden a humming bird was flitting back and forth among the scotch pines .
a family of cuddly rodents could clean out a new garden in a single night .
did i tell you , aunt rita and uncle sid saw the love birds at the olive garden the night before they left ?
the three of us agreed to meet at the italian garden for lunch to celebrate finishing our freshman year of college .
for the first time since we arrived at the olive garden , i finally understood clarissa 's original intent .
directly above his head , a raucous collection of jays was feasting on clumps of wine - colored berries scattered among the porcelain petals , while thirty feet away in the trellised rose garden , a middle - aged woman sat on the same bench he had recently abandoned , a familiar , moss green volume with a cracked spine resting on her lap .
a black swallowtail butterfly flitted among a messy overgrowth of wildflowers in the rock garden .
a half hour later , jane brought irene into the back yard to inspect the vegetable garden .
by mid - afternoon he passed through soho and covent garden .
the garden had a locked shed so he guessed he d have to wait for liz .
he sat on a garden wall .
its punching time , marbles shouted as johnny saw tooly standing on someones garden wall .
wednesday 15th august 1984 one morning weeks later , in a three bed semidetached house near carlisles morton park , mrs linah clarke nearing the end of her patience yelled at her two daughters to go and play in the garden .
vanessa looks at the older woman in the light of her home and sees her truly finally out from beneath the gray - black widow 's veil joanna does not look so old now not in the matronly or grandmotherly way her age seems rather to be worn around the mouth and in the depths of her eyes she moves with such a casual ease she is one who is comfortable in her own skin she is the sort of woman happiest in a loose sweater and jeans and shoes to wear out in the garden she walks down long dirt paths on sunny sunday mornings before the world wakes and all the birds are singing for the rising sun she is a woman who seems not old but simply tired as though a deep sleep of some days or years would restore her not to youth exactly but to being again fully alive in the way of the young to be drinking in the world with such easy ardor .
the garden around the corner in wintery disarray what once were rows and order is now reduced to a sprawl like the spread of a bacteria like the spread of humanity across the world .
all of a sudden i found myself in cho - cho - sans japanese garden , and as the breathtaking view of the nagasaki bay stretched out in front of me , the wind fiercely blew , shook the branches of japanese junipers and carried the black earth toward the open sea .
the address on the note had led me to an elegant , cream - colored villa surrounded by vines and resting in a yellow rose garden .
a cactus garden and red sand greeted him outside , yellowing stucco walls , cloudless sky and the stillness that goes hand and hand with oppressive heat ; he did nt know which way to go , so he approached a security guard .
she knows i m often in the garden .
one of the two nurses , leaning on the verandah railing , keeping an eye on their dozen or so charges among the outdoor area , raised her hand and pointed toward several small blocks of rose gardens surrounded by grass verges .
bill looked toward a wooden three - person garden seat about five metres away .
he planted his own organic garden in the back and he was really proud of it .
so he was really getting into his organic garden which was neat to see him start to get juiced about something .
now that he was sober and married to a lovely husband , he just wanted to focus on his garden and his homelife .
everyone knew she was a falling down sloppy drunk because she did it at garden parties and at the grocery store .
whereas the females lived outside of town , with the exception of pet , his home was located not too far away , in the more prestigious lamaha gardens .
i would have everything complete , shrubberies and flower - gardens , and rustic seats : but it must be done without my care .
` ` i sat in the flower - garden , while fanny cut the roses ; and very pleasant it was , but very hot . ''
he had to reinstate himself in all the concerns of his mansfield life : to see his steward and his bailiff ; to visit his stables , gardens and plantations ; but , active and methodical , he had not only done all this before dinner , he had also set the carpenter to work in pulling down the theatre .
and your approach must be through what is at present the garden .
you must make a new garden at the back of the house ; which will give it the best aspect , sloping to the south - east .
she had not known before how much the beginnings and progress of vegetation had delighted her : what enjoyment she had derived from watching the increasing beauties of that season , from the earliest flowers in her aunt 's garden , to the opening of leaves in her uncle 's plantations , and the glory of his woods .
but he would not have them to his house , for it was without welcome , and in any event he was usually in the garden or up a ladder on the weekend .
either i wake up or in my dream i rush out of the house and find a place in the garden .
an hour later they sat facing each other in the open - air garden of thea 's lounge , on the edge of campus .
the trees enclosing the garden area swayed elegantly .
of course , the garden of eden could be situated anywhere one 's mind put it .
it was about a couple of tenants , husband and wife junkies it turned out , who hid their drugs in the garden of one of her buildings , a large four - plex in which she inhabited an upper - floor suite .
although he 'd yet to see the rest of the yard back behind the house , he bet there was a garden shed with a small mower inside , gassed up and ready to roll .
he had then stopped at a grocery store and then a garden center before proceeding to his former home .
at the end of the summer all the families go home with a winters supply of canning and preserves that comes out of the garden they helped work .
laura asked about the long serpentine walls that ran along the long lane way leading to the compound , snaking in long flowing curves to take in the house and the log out buildings and garden areas .
as they got closer to the house laura saw that the gardens around the house were tucked around huge boulders , glacial travelers that eugene had brought using the crane on the big lumber truck .
she did not think to ask about the beautiful cedar door cut into the big mound of earth and stones at the end of the garden .
the first stop was allen gardens and all the flowers and orchids and big leaved palms that made christmas into a jungle .
the young girl of sixteen who already spoke with angels in her garden made her act so much more powerful than an act of teenage rebellion .
christa was there from the psychiatric hospital and came wearing the same dress she had shed the previous year standing outside in the rock garden that grew over the root cellar .
the only place she was at peace with winter was on the everchanging shore where the three traveller stones made a zen garden in white ice .
amanda loved the pregnant garden , and the root cellar beneath it , and the big heavy door , and the old iron latch , and the tiny bench , and the smell that she would never know anywhere else .
the other thing that was absolutely stunning were the perfectly pruned old apple and pear and plum trees nestled before the beautiful gardens along the walls of every building , even the barn .
after that ian and laura mostly listened from the front seat as miss brown and amanda and allen sat and talked like old friends , amanda going on about the van fleet family farm and the music and the gardens and the art studio , and the grove of walnuts a century old .
wayne and charles were at one end of the garden looking at a sculpture made of flat stones slowly rising and tapering to a crest and looking very much like a miniature volcano .
it looked like something from a japanese garden or an art deco house , all curves and waxen beauty .
the spring bulbs had pushed through the bare earth and all the little gardens around the farmhouse were alive with daffodils and elegant tulips , sky blue patches of scilla and white snowdrops and narcissus .
amanda asked sharon if she could do some job by herself that day , and even though that did nt happen very often , sharon told her she could do some garden weeding or she could muck out the chicken pens in the barn .
when they were finally outside , amanda showed bridget the root cellar under the rock garden where she spent her hour alone every weekday .
the old brick victorian house with the new , charming rose garden looked down the lake from the screen porch where dinner was served .
watch the world go by from beer - sponsored movie - producer chairs parked at high - end garden furniture .
the clocks terracotta face and black letters dwell in a dark recess high on the wall above the gap between two windows that look out to an inner - city garden .
the cat sits with its back to the french window and the city garden , it pauses from washing to look briefly at the fireplace , then resumes .
she said she has been growing it in her garden for the last three years especially for us .
i am holding a bag of carrots that we had traded some of our produce from the garden for , and i think i look rather grumpy .
she breeds them in her back garden in a run next to her air - raid shelter .
they can cram twenty or so sappers hanging from the ceiling in a wood and mud room no bigger than an ordinary garden shed .
we grew our own potatoes and quite a bit of veg in the garden last summer .
you must have had a garden very similar to ours at your house .
we are lucky that the gardens at our end of the street are so big .
having a larger garden means that we do n't have to go far to grow our own produce .
it 's harder for those who live in the low rise flats with no garden , or in the prefabs where they cram two or three houses onto a site that used to have one house and a sizeable garden .
it 's harder for those who live in the low rise flats with no garden , or in the prefabs where they cram two or three houses onto a site that used to have one house and a sizeable garden .
perhaps i looked at them and thought of you just when you were in your garden .
i thought that phillip must be in the shelter in the garden .
when mother was out planting and tending the vegetable patch in the garden at the weekend , mathilda took me to one side and asked me if i would be prepared to join such a demonstration .
the family estate took up most of the village , and had three separate oriental gardens portraying different dynasties .
there were seventeen singing birds in teak cages across the gardens , numerous dogs and cats , and over three hundred japanese koi in the ponds .
i am reminded of nights spent listening to music with my brother in his bedroom , of his 18th birthday when we might have drunk just a little too much , of chasing him around my grandmas garden , of eating chinese food and watching stupid movies .
its like any other hospital but there s carpet and a sliding door to the garden outside .
we miss out on such visitors here because our island is so small , consisting of just the cottage itself , a few trees and the surrounding tended gardens .
bhuva awasthi , secretary of the macquarie university organic garden , holds the humble earthworm in high esteem .
the compost pile at the garden serves the same purpose .
to explain , bhuva leads me to the far edge of the garden , where a row of bathtubs lines the back fence .
although jenny uses her finished compost on her own small crop of lettuces in the school vegetable garden , she values the process of composting even more than the end product .
they witness the transformation from waste to valuable fertiliser and its return to the garden to help grow new food .
bhuva also finds using his worm castings in the garden enriching , saying , when i work with the soil , i get close to where i came from , because we all come from soil .
her only relief from her household chores was the time she spent in her gardens around the house ; gardens that for most of the year were filled with vibrant colorful flowers that she watered and nurtured under her watchful eye .
he glanced towards the kitchen and could see through the window that his mom had gone out to the garden to water her plants .
he went back to the shed and retrieving their wheelbarrow he put the rest of the dirt into it and wheeled it up to the vegetable garden on the side of the house .
he spread the dirt over the garden and returned the wheelbarrow to the shed .
the shovel he used to dig the hole never touched his bloody father and certainly it was nt a big deal that his fingerprints may have been on it because he used the shovel all the time to dig holes for his mothers garden .
mom works on her flower gardens almost every day out there and all her supplies are kept in the shed .
rat man miyazaki , who is as infinite as time and spacefinite though these variables may behas tended to our planet as one might tend to a garden .
at the same time , we can not deny that our life as we know it , irrespective of what can be deemed virtue and what can not , is highly dependent on the prerequisite of our violent and sadistic history , much of which had ostensibly been overseen and tended tolike a garden by the paragon of virtue himself .
certainly , he has not tended to our planet , as one might a garden .
my wife does n't want me lending out any of my garden tools .
still damp , i leave my vacant dormitory behind and trek uphill across the main campus that is groomed as well as any english garden but braids of looping sidewalks knot up the lush lawn dotted with stone benches .
what had once been a wide green lawn with a stone walk to the front stairs was now an english garden .
they were too much maintenance , and if you did nt do the work , the plants died or the garden grew to chaos .
the cold ground grew soft and warm , and the crocuses and daffodils appeared , smiling with pretty faces in the gardens .
when one had a garden , one had to weed it , and rake the dead leaves , and clean up all the fallen petals after the flowers bloomed and died .
still , i could nt deny an appreciation for a beautiful garden in full bloom , and i certainly adored the smell of roses and lilacs .
there were no roses or lilacs in her garden .
i was out here in my garden when you passed by earlier .
i gestured to the garden bed at our feet .
it was a comprehensive garden tour even though all i had seen so far was dirt .
i looked down at the damp earth in the garden .
she was her neighbor and she was planting a garden .
quite to the contrary , she felt as if she had just discovered a buried treasure in the garden .
uncanny , inexplicable things like dj vu , telekinesis , garden gnomes or spirits from the past .
from there he could carry on up , through the neatly arranged bedrooms to the roof , with its chimney and aerial , its tiny weeds growing from the cracks in the tiles , and contemplate the garden , the blue plastic swing , the driveway .
it was almost empty apart from a folding table , like a small ping pong table without a net , and a couple of garden chairs of green moulded plastic .
the oily rag , the tins of useless paint , the flies crawling up the dirty panes that gave out onto the garden , they all absorbed their share .
as the clocks struck eleven , up went the first rockets , and down came the mens sledgehammers , smashing into angels heads , into the swollen bellies of phoenician urns , into daintily decorated porcelain garden lamps .
it showed the whole cave system , including passages beyond the walled - off section , and marked features with fanciful names : the sculpture garden , the rollercoaster , the corkscrew , the drool , the crypt .
they had names for the other places , too : calamity corner , the corkscrew , the drool , the sculpture garden .
he d tried getting rid of him on several occasions , only to discover him on the street corner or at the bottom of the garden or , more than once , hiding under his bed .
they had drawn their own plans in their den which lay at the bottom of toms garden .
when there s a wrecked pram and her son all mangled on the garden .
shed yell from the other side of the house or garden or street or car .
but she must have been badly behaved to end up here , like run away from her owner or dig out of the garden .
she had seen him as young boy , when he wore any old , badly coordinated clothing and ran up and down the garden , all energy and adventure , shouting in a high pitch voice .
the photos on the walls were as familiar as worn paths around a garden .
except for the fence at the bottom of the garden .
they went round the back and stood in the small back garden .
carlos head was full of the sight of the earth when he had been in the sky ; the cars on the road , the people in their gardens , the fresh , crisp , cold air on his face .
he spent that sunday standing in his garden , eyes shut , completely still , trying to find his soul .
i thought it could have been nice , having a little house , a little garden , somewhere for bo to run around in .
he fell over gary and landed face down in the garden .
* * * they walked down the steps that wind through the sprawling tiered gardens in front of parliament buildings that overlook pretoria .
most homes had friendly gardens , adding some color .
he initially assumed it was a shed for garden tools or everyday junk .
that is a garden .
he found sarah sunbathing in the back garden , wearing skimpy shorts and a red bathing suit top .
sarah sat alone in the back garden .
cindy and i were with the children , tending to our veggie garden .
this chicken / egg emerged in my thoughts later that year ; i realize now that it was my original flirtation with the excitement of imaginary things and it came into my mind suddenly upon seeing a pile of garden soil heaped in a great brown pyramid in my fathers wheelbarrow in the spring of 1960 .
a young woman in a serape and skirt came out of the house and everybody in the car shut up about her and stared as she fumbled with the keys , locked the door and checked the tap of her garden hose before she came out to the car and squeezed up the back seat worse .
one of the garden walls had pyracantha bushes also .
while planning to give her an overdue bath one day in june , we innocently sprayed her with a garden hose .
perhaps the prospect of tacos , an especially favorite food , made me so happy the evening after the boy scout pow wow that i invented a favorite game of mine -- it had no namewhose purpose was to cross each row of large rocks in my mothers rock garden , she collected those on our trips to abandoned ranches and mines in arizona , and i discovered that i liked to work my way across the stones , steadily and carefully , turning sharply and expertly at the end of the row and drop to the lower file of rocks , as though i were on a steep switchback track , bright angel trail , for example , like those i had seen in the book brighty of the grand canyon .
but the rock garden was crowded with at least five rows of twenty rocks each ; weaving my way down without a single misstep was taxing .
near the rock garden , a goldfinch flitted from a scotch pine to the telephone line .
the lilac bushes bordering her rock garden were in full bloom , perfuming the air with a sweet fragrance .
one scene shows assurbanipal and his queen enjoying a picnic in their lush palace garden .
in late december bobo maroni , a low - level enforcer was shot dead , execution style , in broad daylight at the tuscan gardens .
he pointed toward a ridge of trees at the far end of an organic vegetable garden .
abandoning the meditation hall , jason struck out for the wooded area beyond the vegetable garden .
you passed a bunch of girls weeding the vegetable garden on your trip down to the pond .
the busty blond girl weeding the vegetable garden , he said , shifting gears .
mrs . wiener had just fixed a pair of her husbands fruit of the loom boxer underwear on the line with a pair of wooden clothespins , when she saw a huge , almond - colored missile sail up and over the fence , coming to rest with a frightening crash among the tiger lilies in her rock garden .
as a younger woman , she was quite physically active , raising four kids and growing a huge garden of food , harvesting and canning it all herself , plus taking on every imaginable do it yourself project .
did you see the garden gnomes ?
the bright kitchen overlooking the garden , such a wealth of food and flowers .
there s one big old house with a nice garden out front .
or anything that could show where the old house might have been , and the yard and barn and their vegetable garden that supposedly kept them all from starving until it got too dry too .
to her garden .
that lush and fruitful garden grew for almost thirty years at that house .
all those grandchildren , how they delighted in the garden .
from childhood , a garden was how she knew she could eat .
she wants no such thoughts in her happy garden .
growing food in her garden to eat , and having money enough to shop at the market , even splurge now and then .
the house where she grew up , that they fixed up and added on to , the vegetable garden .
from years back , she recalls the delicious anticipation of this time of year her garden fruits and vegetables lush and plump and close to harvest .
in fact , she has promised to bring a sample of the sweet persimmons she has grown in her garden .
the bird bathing itself in the garden ?
at this time the fruit had ripened in the orchards , so hans was sent the next morning to the garden to shake his masters fruit trees .
but when he began to shake , he shook out the branches along with the fruit , and when his master came into the garden soon afterwards to see the work of his new servant , hans spoke frankly to him , lord , your fruit trees must be old and brittle , because i wanted to shake the fruit , the branches broke down with them !
one autumn afternoon , when it had already approaching twilight , he sat in the long corridor of the upper floor and played hermit ; since the silver - gray cat that otherwise went to school with him had just sneaked down into the garden to look for finches , he had to stop playing professor for the day .
and then mrs . abel said , ` ` far from this small city stands the ancient rose garden , from which the legend goes , was created on the sixth day of creation .
` ` by this way will the greatest number of maidens be freed from their captivity and leave the garden with the owner of the rose .
if she does not find him in this time , she must return to the garden and must wait three times three years again before renewing another attempt .
and you , my son , belong to the rose masters , and if you go into the world outside , then , so forget the rose garden not . ''
chapter five : the entrance to the rose garden the sun was already high in the sky .
there he looked through the open chamber door into a garden .
are you perhaps traveling to the rose garden ?
then she tore her white dress from the hem to the waist and went back to perpetual confinement in the rose garden .
and , the goblin continued , if i told you told you that beyond the forest the hollow willow stood , you also would nt know that in the tree a staircase leads down to the garden of the rain maiden .
on the sunflowers , standing before marens room in the garden , the first morning rays fell , as she already opened up the window and stuck her head out into the fresh air .
it is a large , gigantic garden !
then the window openings became free , and she saw far over the trees of the garden the clouds covering the whole sky .
as she slowly walked up to the entrance of the garden , she saw the young farmer stand up erect under the trees .
the peace had already been closed when she still often strolled up and down in the little herb garden behind the palace by the side of the convalescing old man and listened to his speeches on the power and mysteries of nature .
but when he one day saw a woman from the dark traveling people , who at that time were marching throughout the whole empire under their duke michael , sneak out of her chamber , then he had taken her hand in the evening at the pleasure stroll in the little garden and forcefully exhorted her : why did you allow , around noon , when your lord takes his nap , that evil heathen into your chamber ?
they went during this along the circling wall of the little garden , and cyprianus looked out over the forests lying below , on which the red evening light lay .
so may had come , and from the little garden outside the scent of violets wafted through the open window ; then the good countess stepped one morning again before the mirror .
on a sunny afternoon he stood with her in the little herb garden where the good countess once listened to the wisdom of the master cyprianus .
one single , very high window with small panes of glass set in lead seemed , as far as could be recognized by the moonshine outside , to look out to a large garden .
when he reached the city he went not through the streets , but along the city walls to go through the garden in the back of the house , which he could enter with a key he received from his master .
already in the vicinity of the house , as he walked between the flowerbeds along the straight paths of the garden , he happened to cast a glance up at the window of his room .
she was the daughter of a craftsman from a neighboring town and lived a long time in a little house whose courtyard bordered the garden of our dwelling house .
it would nt be finished for close to a year , but i could already picture the greenness of the garden in the backyard and the stone path that would lead to our front door .
being that sara and i owned our own flower shop , the indoor wedding would have the feel of being inside a fragrant garden , yet without the san francisco chill casting its icy breath on us .
soon there was no sign that there had ever been a fire , the garden of green around me so plush i felt i could just lay in it forever .
whenever they d see me in my own backyard tending to my garden , they d beg me to let them come over and play with my kitties .
large wooden blinds sat within the windows , opened to reveal the garden outside that was blooming with life .
my mother was in the garden when i arrived , her hands deep in the dirt as she took advantage of the late afternoon sun .
a mountain towered over a lake , a waterfall streaming down its side and creating a luscious fog that misted over a garden holding every flower i had ever seen in my life .
to be continued to be notified of the release of forever thirteen sign up at crissilangwell.com/mailing-list garden of eden anthology biblical legends anthology series edited by allen taylor published by garden gnome publications copyright 2014 by garden gnome publications smashwords edition first printing , february 2014 cover art by alexandre rito all works in this anthology are copyrighted by the authors and authors retain all rights to their own creations .
any characters resembling actual persons , living or dead , or businesses , events , animals , creatures , and settings resembling real world businesses , events , animals , creatures , and settings are purely coincidental , except of course the garden of eden and its legendary inhabitants .
the garden gnomes are merely middle men .
table of contents ( and discontents ) alpha by allen taylor , anthology editor flash fictions in the beginning we did have someone on the ground by adam mac gossip in the garden by jd dehart mote by erin vataris renovation by gary hewitt a ghost and a thought by james j. stevenson we who bleed by scathe meic beorh one bit off by guy and tonya de marco water rats by jd dehart agent of good by schevus osborne iota x : \users\androidx > start eden.exe_by anne carly abad short stories the genesis of the incorporeum by amybeth inverness the gardeners of eden by jason bougger the roots of all evil by shelley chappell survey by john grey breach by william teegarden omega before dawn can wake us by john vicary bios this anthology is dedicated to anyone and everyone who has ever looked , felt , tasted , or smelled like a garden gnome and their relatives , owners , assigns , foot props , and nearby tree stumps .
table of contents ( and discontents ) alpha by allen taylor , anthology editor flash fictions in the beginning we did have someone on the ground by adam mac gossip in the garden by jd dehart mote by erin vataris renovation by gary hewitt a ghost and a thought by james j. stevenson we who bleed by scathe meic beorh one bit off by guy and tonya de marco water rats by jd dehart agent of good by schevus osborne iota x : \users\androidx > start eden.exe_by anne carly abad short stories the genesis of the incorporeum by amybeth inverness the gardeners of eden by jason bougger the roots of all evil by shelley chappell survey by john grey breach by william teegarden omega before dawn can wake us by john vicary bios this anthology is dedicated to anyone and everyone who has ever looked , felt , tasted , or smelled like a garden gnome and their relatives , owners , assigns , foot props , and nearby tree stumps .
in the case of the garden of eden , i was pleasantly surprised .
let 's get into the garden and see what we find , shall we ?
in the beginning , he was there in the garden of eden , notwithstanding the apocryphal accounts of people .
in the garden , ed hovered about openly on the lookout for crumbs and dribbles .
gossip in the garden jd dehart its not every day you see a serpent upset a marriage , much less unbalance a whole universe and cast a world into the depths of evil , but that s what happened last tuesday .
this is a thing that was made in the garden of the new - made earth , in the valley of the pishon : fear .
they rose from the waters and flowed out into the garden , and my sisters and i , what remained of us within our new form , we felt them wet and heavy within us .
behind her lay a garden overgrown with spring flora .
the gardens not relevant any more .
a garden grew around him , and soon it was filled with animals .
perhaps this was my chance to create balanceto destroy them in the garden and exact revenge for starting a self - destructive species .
the garden lost its luster .
i felt peace in the balance and knew my time was done while we made our solitary ways from the garden .
no was the reply , followed by , either they ll accidentally get fried by the engines or they ll get driven out of the garden into the hills .
agent of good schevus osborne the hawk circled high on the warm updrafts from the garden below .
he did not wish to breach the sanctity of the garden .
the hawks spirits sank as a darkness far more bleak than simple night fell across the garden .
iota x : \users\androidx > start eden.exe _ by anne carly abad android x incinerates the last of the fallen trees in the garden , iron roots , twigs , fruits and all , melt like red wax , while a guardian , a winged gnome flits past him , circles overhead in a drunken dance of battery - running - out into the glistening glob , he sweeps up its shattered remains , along with a scattering of aluminum leaves .
she tended the gardens and made sure no nettles crept in to sting the nobles who played in the hamlet .
it is lonely in the garden .
the woman is in the garden now .
no longer pulled , i rush back to the garden .
the woman and the man are cast out of the garden .
in horror , i find myself dragged out from the garden to join the outcast .
with no suitable partner found for man , gossip began filling the garden as the creatures pondered what would become of man , who was special in the way that he alone was made in the image of the great voice .
created to serve the great voice and rule over the animals of the garden , yet created without a partner .
had he done so , surely their roles as the maintainers of the garden would change .
no , his job was to tend to the garden , particularly to the tree of knowledge of good and evil .
` ` he looks a little different , '' thylacine said as man proudly strode past them through the garden .
they took each other 's hands and faced the creatures of the garden .
it was obvious that she was hurt : hurt that man rejected her in favor of his own , but to hold a grudge was unbecoming of any creature in the garden and clearly could be considered an offense to the great voice .
# a dozen days had gone by since the introduction of woman to the garden , and for those twelve days tinalie had spoken of nothing else .
why did n't the creator just make one for him like he did for all the other creatures in the garden ? ''
moping around the garden all day , blatantly revealing her infatuation with man .
and then to further insult you , the voice assigns you to spend all of your time taking care of this garden , allowing adam to literally eat the fruits of your labor while he does nothing all day but gallivant around with that new love toy of his . ''
he had never heard any creature in the garden criticize man .
i was about to ask you what , exactly , has adam contributed to the garden ? ''
they got on the path and returned to the garden , sprinting toward the tree .
a beam of light shone down from the clouds , down onto the garden , directly above the tree .
with a hiss , he crawled away toward gihon river , leaving the garden forever .
you will no longer tend to this garden and will forever spend your days and nights mining the caverns below , hidden from man thoughout the ages . ''
gone were the plentiful trees of the garden and the clouds in the air .
with deep sorrow , they stared down the endless caverns surrounding them , knowing they would never again view the beauty of the garden .
and so it was god who left the garden .
i was cut down , recast in the garden .
its his umpteenth garden , replied marvin .
he put on a lovely forest , bright sunny days , and they re only in the garden of good stuff a week and they invent fire and burn the whole damn thing down .
shirleys thoughts returned to their first days in the garden of not - so - much on barbigonz .
god had expected at least some protest when he expelled the two from the garden .
it was as different from her garden as night and day , two other concepts that required a lot of fine - tuning in the early days of barbigonz .
have you seen any hippos wandering about this garden ?
that was the lushest in the garden , and she wanted it .
read gossip in the garden by jd dehart read water rats de marco , guy and tonya lurk near the rocky mountains , flipping over stones and pebbles to find stories worth writing .
read before dawn can wake us by john vicary the editor allen taylor is the publisher at garden gnome publications and editor of the garden of eden anthology .
if you liked the garden of eden anthology , the editor and the authors would sincerely invite you to write a review at smashwords .
table of re - contents alpha by allen taylor , anthology editor flash fictions in the beginning we did have someone on the ground by adam mac gossip in the garden by jd dehart mote by erin vataris renovation by gary hewitt a ghost and a thought by james j. stevenson we who bleed by scathe meic beorh one bit off by guy and tonya de marco water rats by jd dehart agent of good by schevus osborne iota x : \users\androidx > start eden.exe_by anne carly abad short stories the genesis of the incorporeum by amybeth inverness the gardeners of eden by jason bougger the roots of all evil by shelley chappell survey by john grey breach by william teegarden omega before dawn can wake us by john vicary bios calls for submission deluge until july 23 , 2014 , garden gnome publications will be accepting submissions for the deluge anthology , the third in the biblical legends anthology series .
gaslight the garden gnomes are looking for commentary on weird news .
subscribe to the garden gnome gnews join the garden gnome gnewsletter and receive weekly updates about the goings on in our garden .
subscribe to the garden gnome gnews join the garden gnome gnewsletter and receive weekly updates about the goings on in our garden .
subscribe to the garden gnome gnews join the garden gnome gnewsletter and receive weekly updates about the goings on in our garden .
join the garden gnome gnews mailing list and get the twitter poem bundle of e - books ( 6 e - books in all ) .
connect with the gnomes the garden gnomes would sincerely like to connect with you at our social media outposts .
the lush terrain refused a geometric template , except where the constant effort of villagers cultivated their sustaining gardens .
through the gum trees , beyond the garden , he saw an officer of the law as the police were known in ned kellys day .
those graves in the front garden where your ancestors become part of the garden furniture are a bit shocking at first but when you think about it , its sort of healthy .
how s the garden ?
he looked out of the car window at the brilliant gardens and big churches alongside the road from the airport and was impressed by the orderliness of the villages which did not exude an air of third - world poverty .
the louvred windows were all open and looked over the back garden dotted with half - grown papaya trees .
he was an interesting bloke from canada who seemed to subsist on fish and bits and pieces from his garden .
chapter 77 michael stood and watched the fountain playing in the exhibition gardens and tried to recapture the phantom optimism of his earlier days when as a student he had often gone to read over his notes before an examination .
the place is famous for its tea gardens .
if i catch you in my garden again , ill hand you to the police .
the children are stealing fruits from the garden .
todays visit will primarily consist of exploring the tea gardens .
iqbal advised his tour group to take their seating on the roof terrace overlooking the vast tea gardens , while he , mayah and dhadhi will re - join them upon collection of their ordered beverages .
you see the leaves they pick , he replies , nodding towards the distant gardens , it feeds many nations .
a girl , whom she saw earlier today at the tea garden , answers their call .
its hard to say as the sun arrives just in time there ll be no more lessons or complaints no , not today lady wonder dame light me like a fuse that winds down like a snake that leads back to the garden and then gets lost in the lake or screw me like a light bulb that was never meant to shine and if i laugh , ' hey come again ! '
he prepared as if he was going to perform at madison square garden .
her days are almost too comfortable , too orderly and quiet , a tranquil succession of meals , walks , reading , tending her flower box in the community garden , the occasional exercise class with the few residents who are still able to raise their arms and legs .
weeding her garden and keeping the birdfeeder filled , packing groceries with the girls at the church .
soon they came to a clearing beside the road , with a small house and a large garden in the front yard .
stooped over in the garden digging potatoes was hardins father , as well as his mother .
his father probably would have killed him outright and buried him in the garden .
they do nt eat up peoples gardens , do nt nest in corncribs , they do nt do one thing but sing their hearts out for us .
secret stories by dwight peters secret stories by dwight peters copyright 2014 dwight peters smashwords edition contents the man who turned into a garden a shadow play famous orphan girl the value of simplicity as told to a deaf turtle in the voice of a tomato wildman hero this story stinks music of bodys footsteps perceiving doors an oak and a shepherd everyone deserves a little celebration naked reading do nt be suckered into worrying the third nipple is never blind gypsy girl and woman portrait be movie parentage chip dip the excitement of silences days over when they begin , the first quiet breaths of morning new normal dangers a self sacrifice oceans tide the philosopher and the stranger the killing of a bad man over as well as under development the eye of acquaintance the wait alone again nature walk an interview with a social worker the gift of strength a new fullness documentary introduction reality show amuseum do nt ever settle for simply settling when settling down the reason for rhythm i was wrong it is essential to know this prescription touch , to know what giving is a to - do today touchdown potty training for potty mouths you are beautiful inside your insides prehistoric urges its okay to have vision the man with a mirror for a face the woman who was the earth children can be cruel and everyones a child travel time wild , western , cowless , cower less man untitled audience crane sightseeing internet cafe water music fire music the salty madness of mixed - up nuts ash as fire wave goodbye , wave hello meditation on the smiling beautiful the man who held his breath and became a cloud workforce street smarts i would drink an entire volcano while walking in the middle of an ocean to create an island paradise for you .
the man who turned into a garden a man became weak from the stresses of his life , so soon his body was unable to fight off the invasive organisms that healthy bodies fight off .
flowers a botanical garden covering ten acres , full of thousands of plants and hundreds of trees collected from all over the worldthere are two women who live nearby in a home for elderly people .
most days when there is no rain they come to the garden .
the older woman ca nt get out by herself , but the younger woman makes sure she gets out to the garden .
she scurried outside and gathered soil from the garden , stones from the path , dirt from the yard , and sand from a wall being mortared .
so it was that the kinderheim acquired a sand garden , ostensibly for the children to play in , which was regularly refreshed by the quarry on the danube , several miles away .
they held hands and went for a walk in the garden where the flowers of plumeria trees were blooming and casting a sweet fragrance around them .
they arrived at a hidden garden on the reverse slope of the cu lao hill .
he chose a place in the bend of the river just opposite kew gardens , where he had a great breadth of water before him reflecting the glory of the sky , while he himself was in shadow .
chapter eighteen mrs . meyricks house was not noisy : the front parlour looked on the river , and the back on gardens , so that though she was reading aloud to her daughters , the window could be left open to freshen the air of the small double room where a lamp and two candles were burning .
she had been silent as they looked round at the bare rooms , the little garden with the cabbage - stalks , and the dusty yew arbour .
the little girls submitted bashfully to be patted under the chin , but on the whole it seemed better to send them into the garden , where they were presently dancing and chatting with the dogs on the gravel .
day after day passed , and in genoa , the noons were getting hotter , the outer roads getting deeper with white dust , the oleanders in the tubs along the wayside gardens looking more and more like fatigued holiday - makers , and the sweet evening sowing the paths with happy tinklings of mule - bells and thrumming of strings , light footsteps and voices ; while the encircling heights , crowned with forts , skirted with gardens , seemed to come forth in fullness of beauty after their long siesta , till all strong colour melted in the moonlight .
the world began to look seedy a sort of cabbage - garden with all the cabbages cut .
i emerged onto the roof of the restaurant , into what appeared to be a magical garden tea party .
a lovely garden , mrs . belshire said , and i jumped , realizing she was speaking to me .
like a walk in the public garden on a warm spring day .
chapter six before opening the front door , theo stashed the booze and fag - laden rucksack in the bush in the front garden .
once dressed he grabbed an a3 sketch pad and pencil set , but too miserable to contemplate a trip to the countryside , he walked instead to the bottom of the garden .
martine opened the rear door to the back garden and let the dog out .
and then he thought of the back garden and the lucky black labrador , lying on its back in the garden , martine tickling its tummy .
and then he thought of the back garden and the lucky black labrador , lying on its back in the garden , martine tickling its tummy .
he ate a solitary lunch in front of the test match on tv and then lugged his kit into the front garden at one pm , a full two hours before the heritage brothers were due to pick him up .
they nudged along the track for another minute and then came to a large stone - built farmhouse with a front garden made up entirely of vegetable beds .
he dusted it off and took it out to the garden .
at the end of theo 's garden , there was a narrow lane that ran adjacent to the houses , and on the other side of the lane lay an overgrown and seldom - visited allotment .
this was n't something that he 'd needed to do when trying the easel out on the flat lawn of his back garden , but now that he needed to , he found that the required screw had in fact snapped off , and the leg was immovable .
at ten thirty he took the radio out to the back garden , laid out a towel and stripped to his underpants .
elegant , buildings with sash windows , iron railings , huge rear gardens and volvos parked on gravel driveways .
it may well be time for another trip to flip of covent garden , theo mused .
rick often started tours in the kitchen as it was one of the most important rooms , and often looked out onto a back garden , making the house feel bigger .
the kitchen looked like a page from house & home , and beyond it a well - maintained , colourful garden .
as you can see from here , the garden has been well maintained with the majority laid to lawn and a selection of hardy perennials in the borders .
it 's the sort of garden that you can be involved with as little or as much as you like ... '' on through the ground floor ` ` ... utility room with downstairs loo , large spacious entrance hall , two receptions and study ... '' up the stairs ` ` ... two further well - appointed double bedrooms with large sash windows - nice and light and airy - and another reception / diner at the rear with commanding views of the garden and city beyond ... '' up the stairs once more ` ` ... and finally an attic space with master bedroom with en suite and study area ... '' he felt quite out of breath .
then he remembered another of his brother 's choice buys - a blue and white breton top from american classics in covent garden .
at the rear was a generous beer garden with plenty of tables and chairs .
beyond the beer garden was a village green , with a rugby field and children 's play area .
he looked around to check that no one was coming , and made his way through the car park to the beer garden at the rear .
so instead he walked along the platform to the rear of the building and looked out across the playing fields beyond the beer garden .
he watched as the blood fell downwards to the limestone slabs of the front garden .
stephen and john began to steal things from the gardens of the houses in the town and destroy them in the woods that blanketed the border of their town .
after a while , neighbors and citizens stopped replacing garden gnomes and miniature plastic windmills .
at school , seminars bean to address moral concerns of students because the town was convinced dozens of the students were responsible for the destruction of garden ornaments and animals instead of a set of brothers .
she came skipping into the garden carrying an ipod and two speakers .
yasmin , come through to the garden , gina requested , opening the back door and strolling out .
naz was sat on a rock in the garden , smoking a cigarette .
nicolas returned in his mind to this garden paradise .
he felt this high garden was a faultless example of what could be achieved on earth : an oasis of perfect peace , plain and simple .
happy in the garden already , on a day made for doing endless somersaults , he felt the message in the handmade textbook were meaningless lyrics to a song , and so nicolas lifted an eyebrow then shrugged .
they wandered out of the small garden area that looked over the river onto the sunny , open walkway where the path gave way to a long shoreside promenade of trees , benches , outdoor sculptures and built - in chess tables .
it offers quite pleasant suites , a gym , a restaurant rather than a canteen and even has a rooftop garden and swimming pool ( with a high fence to discourage jumpers ) .
he said that treating indecent exposure as a misdemeanor trivializes it , lumps it in with mickey mouse offenses like spitting on the sidewalk or picking a rose from a public garden .
ill probably potter about the garden ?
the image of himself pottering about the garden , though acceptable enough to others , was worth a chuckle ; he had no intention of taking root , ankle deep in the mud in a vegetable patch .
no doubt the landlord was picturing him , again , doddering about the garden in cardigan and gum boots .
though the garden was overgrown there was a semblance of organisation underlying the chaos , nature had imposed its own particular order and bouquets of colour burst from the foliage like fanfares , azaleas and libertia and rhododendrons breaking the monotony of the dark green undergrowth .
the path , crazily paved and softly carpetted with moss , ran directly , almost eagerly to the door where the garden encroached again , stray veins of creeper winding themselves about the step , clinging precariously to the wall and splaying out in every direction as if to mirror the broken irregular pattern of the path .
before the second game , the boys had me squirt them down with a garden hose .
... historical charting : names given to times and periods , ` ` atomic age , '' ` ` roman civilization , '' ` ` moon jubilee , '' ` ` martian interlude '' ... coming full speed to dead stop to a quiet moment : in a plush garden , a man and a woman , again .
... laughing inside , knowing that she knows , that her nipples hear him , that they rise and harden , knowing that as he lays his thigh astride hers , as their flesh forms boundary , as the muscles in his thighs tighten that she also tightens , that she is bounce to his thump , here a draw of water running up and she the bank hardening to restrain him , to hold him , and with every image ever known he flocks down upon her , himself a massive falling from the sky , a cloaking , a blanketing , simply , his lips kissing , and his tongue celebrating , and his fingers plunging into the pleasures of her soft belly , the roll and creamy flow of her belly down to her cunny , there with a thousand calls , a thousand invitations , a thousand conjurations : treasure of my soul , garden of my delights , sweet honey - hive !
they puttered in the garden .
for him it had become metaphor , but he did nt intellectualize it : he preferred being moved by the more animated feeling that he was metaphor for the garden : as he picked up the hose or plunged in a spade or plucked out a weed ` ` what s a weed ? ''
all these actions , the garden flowing into him , the turned earth that is his soul , the weed , part of himself which he just felt the world did not understand : especially her !
: throb but it was intensity , this which is the change if other were to observe and search for a useful descriptor for change : that they were creational , alone and together she watches him shuffle for he was dragging a right foot these octogenarian days out into the garden , there she observes his play : the conjuring of bugs , the eliciting of beauty , they prestidigitation of joy !
shortly thereafter , critics began hailing yaeko mitsaki as the young master , writing that her delicate sense of nuance and emotion was like that of a broken - hearted butterfly alighting on a spring rose in heavens very garden , her intensity a supernova exploding amid the toneless gray of banality .
the courtyard had been worked into a delightful rooftop garden , the thick vines rising over the top of the hospital , the mural beneath her wheels spreading out like a rainbow in swirling flood , giving her the sensation of floating forward on the current of a river .
and despite her numerous forays to the rooftop gardens to meet her friend rudolph to paint , skipping her self - sufficiency classes , she became so proficient at taking care of herself she was eventually labeled spidergirl by the nursing staff in the last few months of her stay .
at its broad , asymmetrical , pyramidal base , the temple was fronted by collections of huge framed columns and smaller , squatter structures ; these were divided by expansive , lavish gardens dotted here and there by placid , reflective pools of water .
conor had entered the fog - enshrouded gardens surrounding the temple .
he was deep inside the gardens , and getting deeper with each lonely step .
so too the cobblestone walkway , the columns , the gardens !
the beautiful gardens surrounding it had died and wilted , gray and black and barren .
the channel switched maggie suddenly found herself in an incredible , expansive garden surrounded by high , ornamentally carved white stone walls .
a nice chinese zen garden ?
the verities of life are that we drift from pillar to post , from the souls deserts to the souls gardens on the whims of chance and the odd ideas that percolate in the bizarre brains of people around us .
then i dug up the herb garden .
i planted that herb garden behind the house , where rollie was nt likely to run over it in his car .
a little garden , a bit of spice for flavoring .
and now , even my garden .
my little garden of spices .
i came to the lake to get away from dreams , but they grow like weeds in a small garden .
he had observed that unkempt trees in peasant gardens higher up in monastir appeared in better shape than the counts marginal rows .
the moment it took the gods to harness their horses to the chariot of the new day which broke along a vast horizon of fire to the song of garden birds , punctuated by more distant crowing , barking , and cawing .
bring us , from your gardens , fresh fruit and vegetables as are easy to prepare .
warm and quite calm with the scent of gardens and fields and woods in the night air .
rhini township housed the universitys servant class and the servants of white folk in houses bearing plaques about their historic connection to the white settlers whose history is celebrated in a huge fortress like building built as a monument to their trials and tribulations , nearby is the settlers inn where until recently white kids swam in the pool while their parents drank beer on the verandah overlooking the manicured gardens .
and from there to gem cutters in iran , india , holland and hatton garden .
i caught a whiff of roses from someones garden and marveled at the contrast between what was happening at the hospital and out in the real world .
izzie and lila popped out the front door and ben went to find bob , willows father , who was most likely out in the garden .
it was only lyssa and paris , the woman who had indulged her interest in herbs and spices by adding a lyssa corner to every garden plot , where together they tended whatever lyssa chose to plant , no matter how odd or exotic .
she gestured first toward the primitive little house and then toward the bucolic view of gardens and orchards below .
she was his muse , grown in the mystical gardens of elysian fields by a family of philosophers .
her first income came from selling organic produce grown in her parents extensive garden , though her adult career consists of writing and editing .
every house selfcontained , and every suburban occupant in a world bounded by television and the garden fence .
soon , i would join the daily regiment that headed to the city , briefcase and umbrella in hand , to keep the suburbs in garden gnomes , welcome doormats and nostalgic country ornaments .
i looked around the park and beyond , at the tiled roofs of semi - detached houses and private gardens .
women were damnable afterthoughts of the creator , whose sole purpose was to maintain the essential generation of man , created in the image of our maker , but who had betrayed even this humble duty by the sin of curiosity in the garden of eden .
they have wide streets and the houses have spacious gardens .
it is there that the most peerless of endons citizens live , with their staff of inferior invertebrates to tend the gardens , clean the streets and secure our properties from invasion by the scum you see here .
it was several furlongs until we passed through the garden gates past long avenues bordered by grand statues of all examples of exotic and extinct fauna .
there is no beauty greater than that of a well - tended garden .
tudor commented that the garden had been designed on the principle of the octagon , which he explained was a square with its corners halved .
my attention returned to the garden where some sheep were grazing in the fields , tended by a hare with a crook , and near a herd of grazing fallow deer .
my attention wandered back to the conversation between the philosopher and tudor as we strolled along the well - paved paths of the garden , with the servants just a few yards behind .
tudors ears twitched in agitation as he surveyed his gardens .
they would leave their sweet - wrappers and cigarette - ends on my garden paths .
twould obviate the chaos in which mine inheritance wouldst be seized , the portraits slashed , the garden razed , the castle defaced and mine wealth scattered fruitlessly to the winds .
i ve heard about the snake in the garden of eden .
there are several model sets of the garden of eden with adam and eve and a vicious looking snake wrapped round an apple tree .
in all directions ahead of us was a garden landscape of unexpected beauty and magnificence .
at intervals we came across chairs or benches , fountains , statues , clock - towers , garden beds , wooden bridges or glass elevators which promised further delights on other floors .
as we surfaced , we discovered ourselves in a magnificent garden of water - falls , springs , fruit trees and grass .
i wondered where the garden might end .
its a lovely garden .
that place seemed so remote here in the garden .
we did nt expect there to be a garden here .
you must realise , however , that this garden is not meant for the curious tourist .
how can a garden like this be here ?
i work hard to tend this garden .
it gives me as much joy to give to those in need as it does to tend the growing flowers , the young lamb , the mischievous lion - cub and all the others in the garden .
who owns the garden ?
i am indeed flattered that you might imagine that something as beautiful as this garden might be the truth - but please do nt confuse the pleasant and desirable with the truth .
i m afraid you will have to leave the garden anyway , whether the truth were here or not .
... and not in this garden ?
we wandered back to the escalator , hand in hand , the early afternoon sun beating down on our crowns , the unspeakable beauty of the garden overwhelming our senses and imparting a levity of spirit which we knew would soon be brushed aside once we were back in the busy city streets .
the garden and its earthly delights could nt have seemed further from the growl of slow moving traffic and the crush of innumerable pedestrians .
some of these can be seen in the academys gardens where they still perform their outmoded purposes of capturing solstice sunlight in baskets and randomly throwing sticks .
for only a few groat we had a meal of ploughmans lunch and pastie , seated on an unsteady wooden chair in the caf garden in front of an enormous bench , with the accompaniment of warm beer , gnats , dragon flies and the occasional bee .
there were corinthian pillars , byzantine domes , gothic towers , arabic murals and , in the long approach in front , were statues sprinkled about of its garden lawns .
we ran and ran through a maze of paths running alongside and behind the gardens of deceptively peaceful streets , having lost all sight of the child , and now much more concerned about our own safety and survival .
we paused by a telephone pole , leaned against a garden wall , and panted in short urgent breaths .
suggested xenana , pointing at the ruined shells of houses on either side of us : gardens scattered with rubbish beaten down by the rain , sodden newspapers pasted to the pavement and water beating against the carcasses of deserted cars .
we d better move on , anna said determinedly , pushing open the metal gate to the garden , and cautiously looking up and down the street .
when we heard the sound of clicking mandibles and raised voices , we dashed behind the shadow of a garden wall , in amidst a pile of torn and sodden magazines , with such titles as my knitting weekly , new car review and the suburbs advertiser and courier .
the names of the streets were the same : apidistra avenue , rose garden road and camomile crescent .
` ` you should n't oughta be diggin ' in the garden you know .
now it was spring again and the crocuses were popping up in the garden and on the grass .
arnie was always amused when melly painstakingly transplanted the crocuses each summer to the garden .
a close friend , brenda lowe , said that miss brenner often spent many hours working on the garden .
liz picked up one of the bricks which lined the edge of a small rose garden .
he did nt explain why the restaurant was out of roast chickens or direct this guy to some other place where he could obtain a roast chicken , but instead tried to instruct this guy in how he could prepare his own roast chicken by describing in a bit more detail -- and with more feeling , certainly , than the situation warranted -- the method of chicken roasting his mother had used when he was a boy back in lebanon or india or wherever the hell he was from , which seemed to take place outside in a garden and involve quite a bit of basting .
but the yards were tiny , smaller than mommas kitchen garden back home .
even with the window closed , channie heard the water splashing into the frozen garden outside .
so were the lilac bushes , the redbud trees and the flower garden .
early in the day , i tend my vegetable garden , and my conversations with debbie have a definite agricultural slant to them .
you might say that the garden is the center of my life .
for a person like myself living on a fixed income , a garden can be a near - necessity .
[ the printed version of the book under the title the oraon and the divine tree , ( isbn-9789380197852 ) is available with abhijan publishers , kolkata , +91 - 33 - 22573187 , m : +91 - 9874653611 ] contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 the author chapter 1 i the giant mango tree stood majestically , towering above the bushes , thickets and other trees in the marshy land that spread undulating between the rosemary tea garden and the baikunthapur forest .
while the large ripe mangoes hurtled down from the lofty branches , children , women and men from the tea garden and nearby villages jostled and hollered to collect the mangoes battering down the bushes at the bottom of the tree .
the wild animals except the elephants and monkeys lived in deep forest and rarely invaded the marsh , the tea garden or the villages .
the oldest man , the nonagenarian palisanju roy had seen the tree the same during his childhood and the tea garden records mention the tree at the time of buying the land that included this marsh .
the local people rajbonshis of the villages around and the madeshia laborers of the tea gardens had never seen such a mango tree elsewhere and it was mysterious to them how a mango tree was grown amidst the wild plants .
ii while the tea garden was established during the 1870s , the tree was still there .
the broker told bill that tea plantation in india had bright prospects and insisted that the baron buy tea garden land in india and venture into plantation business .
i ve already got a lease for tea garden land from the government of india .
the broker helped bill sell out the large estate at a good price and only a part of the proceeds was needed to buy the tea garden land at the cachar district of assam in india .
so , if you pressurize , the land department , to cover up the irregularities , would grant you any vacant land you choose for the desired tea garden .
so he sold the garden to a managing agency house , donated all his money to a poor - fund and left for tibet with a lama in quest of peace .
the wasteland of the rosemary tea garden would be sold out and willing buyers were to call on srimanta banerjee at his office at dinbazar between 12 noon to 4 p.m .
nimu had learnt from his uncle , meghraj kalyani , a promoter and dealer of building materials at siliguri , that the high road connecting siliguri and jalpaiguri through the forest , only a furlong north of the tea garden , would soon be constructed and clearing of forest had already started .
a few years ago continuous labor trouble over huge amount of unpaid salaries and defalcation of provident fund money had destabilized production at rosemary tea garden .
i want to talk with him about the tea garden land .
i saw your ad about sale of tea garden land .
the congeries of cut off twigs and branches were useless to nimu and he gladly permitted the rajbonshis of the nearby villages and madeshias of the tea garden to clear them off .
her husband etwa had lost his job at the closer of the tea garden he used to work in and the company did not pay the dues of unpaid salary and provident fund .
i d been an employee of rosemary garden and used to see the tree everyday .
fortunately my son then got a job at another garden .
his extravagant attires , stylish gait and smoking of foreign cigarettes made the gullible young ones trustful to his stories of opulence , highly paid and dignified jobs in tea gardens in northern bengal and assam brick - built houses , delicious food , the fatherly treatment by the employers and the prestige and dignity there .
thereafter , agents from other companies started pouring in , competing with each other with stories about prospects of the laborers in their respective gardens .
from manihari ghat they were packed up like cattle in an assam bound train ; the sick ones were dropped at siliguri , udlabari and alipur duar to be sent to the adjacent gardens and the rest to assam .
upon reaching the gardens , shabby dwellings , low pay , long hours of tedious work and ill treatment by the managers and coolie sardars and flogging at the slightest fault made them realize that they had been deceived .
the gardens were in remote places close to the forest and far off from the localities .
dhaneshs father was born at the tea garden shanty and a rajbonshi dhai ( nurse ) from the nearest village five miles away helped the delivery .
the unaccustomed garment , however , caused him some uneasiness at first but he was soon accustomed to it as he went on slashing the hard bonny wood of the trunk like a robot and his mind drifted back to the past , the history and the legends of his forefathers who had been deceived into the slavery in the tea gardens .
while i was young india had already won independence from british rule and the government had passed new laws protecting the interests of the tea garden laborers .
most of the laws were violated by the planters but at least one thing had changed , the serfdom of plantation laborers had been completely abolished and tea garden laborers could move anywhere now and give up garden jobs if they liked .
most of the laws were violated by the planters but at least one thing had changed , the serfdom of plantation laborers had been completely abolished and tea garden laborers could move anywhere now and give up garden jobs if they liked .
my bengali friend at school mihirbabu , a brilliant student , continued studies up to the highest level and became an inspector of the tea gardens , a high level government officer .
he was a nice person and could recognize me while visiting our garden .
iv i ve not myself seen the sahrul festival as the kurukhs at tea gardens do not observe this , but i ve heard about the festival from my father .
i work at a tea garden there .
i immediately called the garden doctor who advised after examining sita closely that she should be immediately moved to the town hospital .
i accompanied her to the hospital at jalpaiguri town with the garden doctor and the rajbonshi landlord .
after retrenchment from the tea garden dhanesh had a whole time servants job at a bengali family of a bank clerk .
he used to take the boy out to the tea garden , river , lake and the fringe of the forest .
one day the boy was elated to find a large frog in their kitchen garden .
a large puza was held in the house of a rich rajbonshi farmer near the tea garden and dhanesh along with sita frequented the house during the festival .
fani babu , the husband of rita came upon dhanesh at the grocers shop and asked him to clear the weeds in his garden .
the assistant manager of the garden got an inkling that the coolies of the garden were conspiring with two rajbonshis whose teenage sons were also seduced by the vampire lady .
the assistant manager of the garden got an inkling that the coolies of the garden were conspiring with two rajbonshis whose teenage sons were also seduced by the vampire lady .
tomorrow you ' ve your garden job .
there was joyous uproar among all of them and many people from the tea garden and the villages , who had been startled by the thud and tremor , gathered around the spot .
hugh and judith fox and their two children , frederick now 10 and vanessa 8 , lived in hampstead garden suburb , a neighborhood of old townhouses in north london that old forest hills in queens was modeled after .
that is the gift of a great teacher that you gave me to learn for the sake of learning , to cultivate your mind like a garden , feeding it constantly to produce ideas and thoughts to .. abra broke down and blubbered .
abra could see the apartment shaping up into something she would see in home and garden .
he was at a basketball game at the garden .
anne threw a garden party for abras friends to say farewell to her and hello to adam .
it looks like she 's going around to the side of the house , over by where mama has her garden planted .
i look across the rows of cotton to mama 's garden that has n't been touched since last year .
i get around the corner just in time to see charles heading for the lawn mower , take out the two rusted fifty gallon drums used for burning trash , then on around to the other side of the house where he runs over mama 's garden which does n't matter because it 's just last years and everything dead , but i guess charles wants it anyway , so he takes out a few dead sweet - corn stalks and then goes on around to the front of the house again , runs over the red water hose then back - ends papa 's pickup but this stops him because the two pickups lock bumpers and his motor dies .
his thoughts turned to the grass he grew and the cattle he raised and the garden his wife tended with a handyman who came by during the season and helped around the place .
the other side had twin windows with cream venetian blinds that looked out over a clipped lawn and a piecemeal straggly garden of staked dahlias and intermittent hydrangea bushes bordering a grey paling fence that hemmed the lot in .
frannie stared out of it and thought about the wildness of her grandmothers garden and vista in megalong valley on the farm .
in preparation , the demons had shifted some continental plates in order to clear a space for dancing , organised a monsoon or two to water the garden , and detonated a few volcanic eruptions , for no party is complete without fireworks .
for a difficult , frowning month , frances kept house for pat , shopping at the only store ( she winced at the extortionate prices ) , beginning a vegetable garden because the store did nt sell vegetables , and re - learning the language at the house of another white person , a lutheran missionary , an earnest , patient man who spent long hours every day questioning people about exact meanings while he made them cups of black sugary tea .
frances was in the middle of watering the vegetable garden ; she was enchanted with the willingness of the green sturdy leaves to shoot straight out of the red dirt .
what about that playground we put up at prospect park and the garden we planted at uniondale high school ?
no thanks , i m full , she said and went for the garden hose .
use at in the garden or at the beach .
adam walked into a quieter part of the garden , his head full of clouds , his heart aching with newbirth : a jealousy .
yes , no , i meant like in the garden eve .
the owners of those rose gardens in my street were nt all doctors and investment bankers , but property prices had gone so high since they bought the places that only the rich could replace them if they chose to go .
i d call at pretty girls cornered in quiet momentsalone in an office ; a sheltered corner of a public garden ; a beach , distant from crowds and citiesand they d bare themselves for me to admire , and maybe more than that .
the blocks of classrooms across the field stood like small houses amid lawn and sparse gardens , red - roofed and clad in white weatherboard with bottle - green trim .
i saw her kissing her fingertips and blowing that kiss off to me , and i heard her voice , from that place we were , in the garden , saying come back to me .
her father loved the river and watched from the leafy branches of his rooftop garden .
in the overcrowded city of new delhi , he tended a garden on the roof .
looks like a stream of red water from a garden hose from here .
the school , built mainly of the local granite with the exception of the timber framed barn , was arranged around an open quadrangle facing northwest looking down over the sea across a formal garden .
yet farther to the east was a walled vegetable garden , off limits to the boys .
lastly , right at the eastern edge of the estate , perched on its own promontory near the road with its own private garden looking out to sea , was the former estate managers house , a fine granite building , now the headmasters accommodation .
the photograph was , he supposed , taken in their hong kong home , judging from the lush vegetation on show in the garden .
pip did nt listen to the conversation ; he just let himself be led upstairs and into the garden to the studios at the back .
pip was fascinated by the sheer size of the works that littered her studio and in the garden outside .
turn into a giant garden slug ?
the bountiful garden denise fayhee - wolf copyright 2010 by denise fayhee - wolf smashwords edition jamisons alarm clock had been squawking intermittently for a good fifteen minutes .
this does nt look much like a garden to me , said jamie .
so , if were going to invest our time and energy into planting and growing , we need to choose carefully and make certain that we ve got what it takes to make our garden successful .
he recalled his garden - planning days with his grandmother and the strategy behind placement of early season crops next to bushy late season vegetables to make best use of the entire garden .
he recalled his garden - planning days with his grandmother and the strategy behind placement of early season crops next to bushy late season vegetables to make best use of the entire garden .
when permitted , this plant can creep undetected throughout the garden , robbing other , less noticeable plants , of valuable nutrients as well as the gardeners time and attention .
when neglected this plant can create an environment for blight to flourish , threatening the entire garden .
growers choosing this seed may want to consider the impact it can have on the other plants in the garden .
once a root system has developed , it can quickly spread through the garden , crowding out other , less hardy plants , and robbing them of available nutrients .
how did the planning go on the garden yesterday ?
plenty of ways to grow a garden , gardener said .
but as i ve learned from gardener , getting it right is a little like choosing the seeds you want to plant in a garden .
you really need to take time to consider what variety is gon na work best in your particular garden before you plant it .
i ve brought you some fresh fixins from the garden , gardener continued , dropping the tailgate of the pickup truck .
sprinkle a handful or two to your garden daily and i guarantee you ll see amazing results .
but for healthy love to happen , your garden has to be really ready for good growth .
he handed the mug to jamie and crossed the parking lot , entering a small shed next to the garden .
she 's tilled a lot of gardens in her time .
working steadily together , the rototiller with jamie at the helm made its way through the garden , leaving a soft , rich bed of freshly turned dirt in its wake .
the sun was high overhead by the time jamie completed the last pass in the garden .
jamie rose when he heard gardeners truck approach and the two men met at the edge of the freshly tilled garden .
but i ve learned from experience that the right fertilizer , in just the right amounts , will yield a much more flavorful and nutrient - rich garden .
no kidding , said jamie , feeling much more open to gardeners wisdom than he was when he first started working the garden .
well need to spread about half of this on the garden now before we plant , said gardener .
and he was angry at the garden , which just moments before had been a source of pleasure and joy .
what do i need with a garden anyway ?
with a new sense of lightness , jamie climbed down from his tabletop meditation perch and picking up the shovel , began carrying full scoops of manure from its pile a hundred feet or so across the parking lot , spreading it in methodical motions to evenly cover the freshly tilled garden .
when gardener emerged from the kitchen , jamie had worked his way through a quarter of the garden .
jamie finished spreading the prescribed amount of fertilizer on the garden and took extra care running the tiller over the soil a second time .
but without care and attention and placement in a properly prepared garden , the chances of every seed taking root and being able to produce are slim to none .
why do nt you head on out to the garden .
jamie walked to the edge of the garden and knelt down in the soft dirt .
taking one of the seed packets in his hand , he started at the far end of the garden using the sharp point of a hand trowel and began digging a two - inch trough in the dirthis version of a rowinto which he was placing the nearly microscopic carrot seeds .
for a truly bountiful garden , right action has to follow the seed of intention .
but when we start to place power in them , when we start to believe and act as though they can make us something were not or bring us happiness not born of spirit , then they become just another weed in our garden , distracting us from taking care of our true heart .
the moon is full , the weathers perfect , and timing is just right to get these little babies in the ground , said gardener , motioning to the garden .
as jamie finished his last row , he stopped for a moment to review the garden waiting in promise of the plants it would soon bear , and noticed that both the sun and the moon were still visible overhead .
now let 's pay up and head back to see what s left to be done with that garden of yours ?
as gardener pulled the old brown truck into the back parking lot next to the garden he woke jamie saying , well look at that , will you ?
jamie stepped out of the truck and knelt down by the garden .
jamie took the hoe in his hand , and still shaking his head in disbelief , he began to work his way through the garden .
well yeah , it seems like it should , but i must be doing something wrong because this garden has me running in circles .
you know , jamie , he said , managing a garden is rarely easy .
we plan our garden , prepare the ground , and are so excited to see the first signs of growth .
they were taking over the garden so quickly if i sat down for a moment or turned to take care of a plant then there was a chance i d lose everything anyway .
heck , i guess i never really believed i d ever get anything good out of the garden anyway .
this is the scientist 's garden of eden .
but is this new complicated quantum theory leading us up the garden path ?
none of us could have guessed that mags would wake up one morning with a headache , prepare her breakfast and take a short walk over to the community garden where she volunteered , then collapse and within the space of hours lose her independence entirely .
i always enjoy the nice view of the garden .
i read from the paper , and she told me what liza and curtis were up to , and we talked about the warmer weather and how it was probably affecting local gardens .
she spoke of the community garden where she used to volunteer , the people there and even the vegetables that were growing , as if they were unchanged from her last visit over two years ago .
as she had with hers , with lizas kids when they were little , with her volunteer work on the community garden , taking care of her husband his last years .
but i described the local flowers here and in my garden , and mags guessed what would be coming up at the community place .
outside , sam appeared to be testing one of the new stones by jumping on it , while zoe bent down for a closer look at the garden .
on the left were some potted plants , on the right two garden benches ; nothing else .
that palm , that anchors mrs . reillys little backyard garden , and her garage are right across from my bedroom window .
in the middle of the circular section of the drive was a small courtyard garden .
the focal point of the professionally landscaped garden oasis was a huge working water fountain .
i had a legal beretta close at hand in my backpackglock in my trunksig and silencer in the garden pots inside the garage ; and then he did it again .
treading carefully , grey continued on to the golf fairway of a rear garden , the lawn of which seemed to move and undulate as he walked along its edge , the whole space enclosed by centuries - old trees .
the thrower could have hidden behind any number of shrubs or garden features .
they emerged into an unkempt back garden , hardly more than a paved square with some bins and a short washing line .
i was going to ask her something about her flower garden .
reaching inside , tippy turned on the outdoor lights , revealing a tidy yard and an herb garden .
ill see you at the visitation this afternoon then , said erma , sounding for all the world like they were both going to be guests at a garden party .
i cooked you up a casserole with my own herbs and produce from my garden .
and we were talking about her organic vegetable and herb garden .
but why , asked perkins , would nt willow just have used something from her garden ?
apparently emily believed that you could worship god just as well in your own garden as in a manmade sanctuary .
her talent was that she could make you see a building or a house or a garden as it was in her mind .
they talked casually about the garden , the house and when next they would see alison .
beyond this yard farther behind the house was a neatly maintained garden with mature plants of peas , lettuce , broccoli and cabbage .
now that the house and garden are completely finished , i m starting to feel a bit lost for things to do .
the bungalow was completely empty of furniture and the garden overgrown .
when 10 - year - old gina finds a body in the community garden , captain moffat realizes something strange is going on at the department of environmental health in the historic western town of biglerville in californias sierra nevada mountains .
any line which contains covent garden , piccadilly circus and knightsbridge is a joy to behold , he had declared , as they alighted the train at leicester square .
well , let 's just hope she 's left her signed confession note in the back garden , then , ellis flint remarked sarcastically .
* hardwick and flint headed out of greek street and back down the charing cross road towards covent garden before heading into the harp .
all frances had left was her car , a 2004 toyota , an investment condo she and tom had purchased years ago , her little rat terrier , jackie , and a garden plot the size of a postage stamp .
summer taught classes at the community college , raised a garden every year that produced hundreds of quarts of vegetables , managed a ranch of multiple critters and provided a home for her great granddaughter anders chalcedony wolfe -- chalcey for short .
with summer coming on , she would have time to help in the garden more and polish up her horsemanship skills for the upcoming rodeo parade .
summer , when will we be able to harvest from this garden ?
chalcey picked up her shovel and began spading the garden .
the property consisted of three acres , fenced and cross - fenced , a barn , corrals and tack room toward the back , an oversized garage / work shop , a guest house and pool long since covered in algae and a big plot for a garden .
dr . culpepper , long time medical examiner for yavapai county , cultivator of prize winning orchids , founding member and currently president of the garden society , tried to put on a front to put people off .
summer fixed a pork loin with homemade applesauce , fresh peas from the garden , tossed salad ( lettuce from the garden ) , raised rolls that chalcey mixed up and mint iced tea .
summer fixed a pork loin with homemade applesauce , fresh peas from the garden , tossed salad ( lettuce from the garden ) , raised rolls that chalcey mixed up and mint iced tea .
if you ever had the pleasure of helping her in her garden , you would have heard the melodious strains coming from the corn patch .
and joyce was going to slow down a little and only plant an acre of garden this year !
know that joyce is always with you in her son and soon to be grandchildren , in the garden you plant and harvest , in the people and animals you rescue in her memory , and in the song you sing .
he heard jackie barking out in the garden .
summer had pulled tomatoes , squash , lettuce and sweet peas from the garden .
summer prepared a celebratory supper of baked cod with garden salad , fresh garden vegetables , and homemade bread .
last night when we went to richard doyles apartment i tidied my desk before we left and failed to see a scribbled message from uniform that the bowmans house had a to let sign in the garden .
they found marlene wandering around the garden , talking to herself .
because of the match crowd , i took a taxi to covent garden and did nt get there until after 6.10pm .
parrish says he arrived at covent garden at 6.10 approx , price and hepworth head off to ?
martin goes to covent garden and arrives 6.10 .
it went perfectly ; beresfords people arrived at the room in the covent garden hotel a few minutes after i had finally made my treacherous friend feel the way i did years ago , and the insulin had done its job .
he was to pick it up again at ridgeley vaults in covent garden after the match , and harry would then wait there for alistair , until after his meeting in the hotel , which was only two minutes walking distance away .
while richard and brenda debated the merits of natural versus synthetic paintbrush bristles , i strolled down aisles filled with build - it - yourself furniture , nails , screws , garden tools , and everything in between , until i landed in front of the rope and chain display .
the remnants of a hibernating garden lined the property .
she was the one who always won the best garden award every year .
i ran out of the house , past my mother still working in her garden .
chapter 19 i was meeting cooper for lunch at mama risottos , the towns improved version of the olive garden .
she did n't recognise it and also it seemed to be mid - summer , yet when the fire started she had just with the boys ' help cleared the garden of fallen leaves .
at the rear of the building , which grey suspected was normally even more silent and secluded than the front , was a small fenced garden with benches , miniature trees and a burbling water feature ; beside these a carpark not recently tarmacked , and hidden by a hedge a small unit of garages .
grey turned to the outer glass within its thin steel frames , to look down first over the garden and carpark , before raising his gaze to take in the skyline of their town .
it must have pre - dated everything that now surrounded it , built entirely independently of the industrial development of the town and may have once had extensive gardens upon which its neighbours now sat .
was that from her own garden ?
at he watched from his office eyrie overlooking the civic gardens , he saw sarah emerge from her expected corner of the square to walk diagonally across the green toward the police station ; as from the opposite side another figure approached in a direction that made it seem likely he would enter the station reception area just ahead of her .
a devil to get out , she remembered , he had evidently been in the garden before smartening the rest of himself up to come here .
from there they could see a constable obviously up a ladder , only his top half visible , calling over from the other side of the fence at the end of the garden , he definitely came this way , sir .
would nt busch gardens or the tampa bay zoo have been more fun ?
glass panels partitioned one side from floor to ceiling against a large flower garden in the back yard .
the chase took us through front yards , over fences into backyards , through gardens and over more fences .
when his construction jobs called him too far away from home judy packed up joel and stayed with her grandmother , which meant the garden was tended on an irregular basis and the dog never got to the vet in a timely manner .
it also stated she would be mourned by her friends from the church and the local chapters of the soroptomist club and the hanley garden club , where she had been an active member .
i never get around to crafts , my garden needs a lot of improvement , cooking only happens when there are guests .
amelia left very clear instructions , you know , i heard miss carey explain to the other lady , who had some questions about the way things were going to be done , but i do nt see a problem with the flower arrangement from the garden club my attention wandered .
it was another nice day weather wise so i took an hour hike before getting back into my garden .
with the president of the garden club at her side she beamed at the camera , holding a blue ribbon for her chrysanthemums , which were spread in profusion in front of them both .
it was dark outside but the weather was mild and there were lights on in the garden so i took a stroll .
i was in the garden club for a number of years myself , although i have nt been now for awhile .
all were clean , well kept , and some had gardens in the throes of late fall .
the last was of amelia taken by anne at a garden party just weeks before her demise .
wealthy people pay him well to plan their gardens for them .
i looked out of the window and all i could see was the huge oak tree in the garden , its branches waving under the brutal wind .
as far as i knew , there were no ladders in my garage and there were no trees next to my room but one in the middle of the garden .
we strolled along the rocky path into the garden , where billions of roses were grown .
i felt as if i was in a dream , where i had the honor to be invited to such a magical garden .
in the middle of the garden , there was a pavilion .
to celebrate the new arrival snow will fill the garden to complete an unbreakable oath the hands of the lovers are sealed in red to welcome the destined end the darkness falls and the world is black now i understood what the colors of the roses meant .
just like the roses in the garden , there were only three kinds of clothes in the wardrobe .
they must have overheard our conversation in the garden .
he left me in a garden full of black roses .
there was a garden out there .
i lingered in the garden .
this garden of red was made deliberately in the memory of their ceaseless and influential love .
you mean in this garden ?
and when i leave the room and wander in the garden , you ca nt blame me for bumping into you .
* * * the ceremony was performed in the garden .
in the present we stand , in this garden of love we will , care and love each other with all our heart .
the garden was different from the first time i visited here .
the garden was full of blood souls .
i was in the garden when i saw shadow move in here .
there was no one in this side of the garden .
next , we encountered viktoria and emmit in the garden .
the girl was buried in the morganthes garden as a proof of being part of the family .
sculptured multi - tiered gardens had been designed using perennials in increasing heights .
off to the right was a vegetable garden .
no ponds or maze of gardens to run through .
the breezeway overlooked a tidy backyard , two - car detached garage , and a vegetable garden .
it was just a hard pounding summer rain , enough to knock the aphids off the rosebushes and drench the thirsty vegetable gardens and lawns .
in the distance , he could hear the bubbling of the fountain in the flower garden .
abby turned away from him and looked out toward the flowering garden .
and the messenger of good fortune was none other than ms . frankland , who was standing , gray - whiskered and red - faced , outside the gate of her garden , which opened on to the high road along which i travelled .
he had a headache and a queasy stomach , and ann was emanating more sweet perfume than a rose garden in june , which did nt help .
i smiled against the phone , picturing my mother up late enough for her makeup to fade and her hair to grow limp , entertaining a man with her knowledge of dinner party etiquette and the perfect mulch for a rose garden .
a ladder leaned precariously against a rolled up garden hose hanging in a coil on the far wall .
she prepared my favorite meal of steak , baked potatoes , and garden salad , with fresh peach cobbler for dessert , plying me with food as though buying my confidence .
i do n't even have a garden to keep me busy .
tend your rose garden .
he works as a gardener for the mayor up there at his big ole mansion in chickasaw gardens .
guess tomorrow well take a little drive up to chickasaw gardens and see what our good friend the mayor is up to .
` ` we 'll figure that out when we get there , let 's go '' we jumped in bone 's ride and headed to chickasaw gardens .
the golden eagles won their first two games easily and advanced to the round of 16 at new yorks madison square garden where they faced the university of nevada - las vegas .
they d keep an immaculate garden .
are the beans from your garden ?
it might have been odd in some place like new york , but in portland , a flourishing garden was a sign of upper class green - mindedness .
this year aerin had turned her front yard into a vegetable garden .
she had even been featured in better homes and gardens .
preserving the fruits of your garden was equally in vogue right now .
i wo nt even make you go to the olive garden .
nate lingered for a moment behind the wheel , looking out over the garden and beyond to the eucalyptus forest that bordered it .
he stopped in front of a large rose garden that sprawled for half an acre on the other side of the courtyard .
through openings in the archways on the exterior wall of the veranda , she could see an enormous rose garden beyond the courtyard .
for the first stop on the tour rios showed georgina the rose garden , where he held forth about the lineage of its most rare , heritage varieties .
he took me on a tour of his property and even gave me a rose from his garden .
after finishing up work at the barn sonia had gone to the rose garden to cut flowers , something for which rios had explicitly given her permission .
when he noticed sonia in the garden he had reprimanded her for picking the flowers .
sonia told her father about the incident in the rose garden .
sonia told christopher about detective moris interest in the incident in the rose garden .
his place bloodless face displayed a look of shock from the realization of witnessing his own demise and becoming planted in gods garden .
a walk through the purest garden could be filled with the most beautiful music and still drowned by dark footsteps .
clvis rose from the garden with sadness in his face and looked to the mountains still with some mist around it .
we passed through the asylum and i saw my father at a garden separated from the street only by a barbed wire fence .
i pushed the doorbell of the modest house which had a much better garden than the police station in front .
clvis started whispering something in the garden and josias deviated his attention to him .
i used to dream of a house with a garden .
butterfly gardens , if i remember .
they sat in her lavish office in the south of market neighborhood , an elegant , all glass corner suite overlooking yerba buena gardens , one of four barker brokers offices in the city .
while the fascinated crowd in the garden watched , she languidly pulled her hair up on top of her head , pinning it back with a gold clip .
ella cruised down upper market , on her way to the office at yerba buena gardens .
the palaces of the rich added to the splendor ; and one of the seven wonders of the world were certain hanging gardens , which seem to have been beautiful parks of trees and flowers in the topmost of a series of super - imposed arches rising seventy - five feet above the ground , and irrigated by an ingenious apparatus which brought up water from the river .
another indignity was that over time , the euphrates river , one of the four rivers in genesis that flowed through the garden of eden , changed course and now flows nine miles to the east of the 2,100 acre site of the ruins of babylon .
there were two main temples framed by lush gardens and ponds .
the temples were surrounded by elaborate , carefully watered gardens designed to remind the people that the god , marduk , was not merely a conqueror of chaos , but also the personification of the life in nature .
the following afternoon we watched from our vantage point among the splendor of the hanging gardens as the boats came into view .
we climbed to the top of the tower of babel , spent hours upon hours looking at the artifacts displayed in the castle and temples , took a moonlight boat ride on the euphrates , visited the markets and shops in new babylon , dined at the small restaurant in the hanging gardens and made love every day .
how about the restaurant in hanging gardens again , assuming we can get a reservation ?
together we will create the world that god envisioned when he created the garden of eden .
her dad had been a nut for hot peppers and he grew all kinds of them , some in the garden , but most in a corner of their glassed in back porch .
but someone had gone to the trouble of planting grass around the house , and there were flower beds against the walls , a garden of sorts .
sam had the feeling that zoe would rather simply tend the huge organic garden out back , but rave reviews on both the accommodations and their bountiful table kept her interested in the business .
i was just checking to see if you could use some zucchini from the garden .
outside , she put a rake and some other garden tools into the back of zoes subaru and headed toward the martinez place .
a flower garden !
i did spend an hour at the chinese gardens and a couple hours at the national museum , but nothing as cultural as this .
the shimmering little bees buzzed around the artful gumpaste flowers as if performing some magical dance in a garden .
this is so peaceful , ambre commented as they looked out on the golf course and the large rose garden .
a vegetable garden beside the house gave way to a stand of banana trees , the bunches of fruit bowing them over .
if i were naturally the self - indulgent type , i would have someone wash my hair in a garden courtyard while i got a foot massage every day , but my parents had raised me to be too frugal for that .
the bulletin board sported a garden of flowers with photos of individual students in the center of each bloom .
heck , he charged his own mother for potting soil for her garden last year .
he used to sell garden tools , but when traders world got wind of his illegal activities , he was banned forever .
` ` how did you- '' ` ` your names are out front on one of the garden gnomes . ''
they did n't have room for all the boxes plus their bodies in the carriage house without creating a fire hazard , so she led him to the small garden shed on the opposite side of the property .
` ` you need to release a certain someone from her garden shed .
maybe she could do what she did in the garden shed , but she needed a boost .
how does the olive garden sound ?
i was working in the garden of number six , there .
he passed number six with the wheelbarrow and garden tools showing where the gardener had abandoned his labours at the arrival of the police .
the seven dwellings on the left of the road were all large bungalows set below the level of the road , with large , open front gardens and even larger rear ones , all well - spaced from each other and of individual design .
the houses on the right of the road were a little smaller and slightly closer together and set so much further back on higher ground that they were almost hidden by the shoulder of their front gardens .
digging in his garden , i bet !
alan had always encouraged the wildlife of the area , putting out food for the birds and hedgehogs and whatever else wandered in to the garden .
he jumped back , nearly tripping over in the soft earth of the garden .
as he turned his shoe stuck in the soft soil of the garden and pulled off , filling with earth and making him hop out of the bed .
a light lunch , with wine , in a small restaurant in the old town was followed by an afternoon stretched on a garden lounger in the heat of the afternoon sun , fast asleep .
he woke up thinking the sun had gone in only to find himself shaded by a large garden umbrella .
sarah puts down the almond butter knife for a moment and looks out her oversized kitchen window into the perfectly manicured desert garden .
` ` i have plenty in my garden , '' pia offered , quickly avoiding another argument- hey , we were all a little testy- then hurried out to retrieve them .
pia returned with a bunch of fresh flowers from her garden .
featherling technical support : stel moctezuma formatting : rikhall.com isbn-10 1452882088 isbn-13 978 - 1452882086 category : fiction/ women sleuths/ mystery & detective/ inspirational fiction to my grandmother louise b. mckenzie and mother nell m. biggs , my storytellers when i was growing up chapter 1 you are invited to attend the garden club on october 13 - 16 the ritz - carlton half moon bay r.s.v.p .
jillian , i m coming to the garden club .
our garden club had come together a few years ago as a way to stay in touch .
compared to ann , nicole king was quiet in demeanor and small in stature , but passionate when it came to her house and garden .
we all were enamored with the idea to call ourselves the garden club .
we d visit each others gardens and do lunch , gradually extending our touring to public gardens as well .
maybe i just needed something succulent to discuss with my garden club friends , especially after ruining the mood at the distillery this afternoon .
he s the one who designed her gardens .
were nt her gardens just recently completed ?
i remember seeing before and after pictures in fantasy gardens .
she told the magazine that she simply could nt bear looking at her gardens after her last husband died because it brought back too many memories of when they used to walk through them together .
i also enjoy writing about gardens .
i knew ann was a garden club friend of yours , jillian , and when we bumped into each other i invited her to have lunch with us .
i stay busy writing for the paper , and with my own gardening endeavors , it seems i only have time for my garden club .
he was very interesting , especially the part about landscaping for the romantic spa garden .
your gardens are legendary .
this is my friend from our garden club , nicole king .
i ve decided to add a romantic spa garden to my yard after hearing you speak .
speaking of my garden club , i see nicole coming in .
behind the wall where the coffee service had been set out , sitting on plush brocade sofas , sat my entire garden club .
* * * i had plans to meet the garden club that afternoon .
lets see , there was reginaspencer hausman , he s the conference coordinatormy garden cluboh , their names are ann fieldman , nicole king , and dominique summersthen paul youngblood , celeste osbornethomas and evelyn westoverhugh porter , marianne delacruzand myself twelve .
down the row next to him , my garden club friends waved to catch my attention .
tree peonies make an excellent addition to any garden .
i d love to see it and your gardens , but i would nt want to impose ... . that obviously hit a hot button with evelyn at the mention of her gardens because she changed her attitude toward me immediately .
our garden is lovely .
i snapped out of my reverie and returned to the table where my garden club sat .
stay in touch and tell your garden club to keep up the good work .
just remember you are coming to see their gardens .
shall we visit the gardens ?
a marble fountain anchored the circular rose garden filled with a dozen varieties of floribunda roses .
we moved on to the other areas of the garden all manicured to perfection .
evelyn ignored my question as if i did nt have a clue about designer - client relationships and moved on to the last specialty garden .
this is the rock garden our son kevin was so fond of .
your garden club wants to meet with you at nine oclock in the fireside room .
the winter garden ?
basement 's got an oil furnace and tank , some garden tools and a dirt floor .
the development was thirty - two small houses packed together in a desert , and it was a hardy soul who tried to grow a garden there , or maintain a lawn .
a rush of excitement zoomed through me as i walked past the plymouth theater on west 45th street , the ethel barrymore theater on west 47th street , the winter garden theater on west 50th street , the shubert theater on west 44th street , the playhouse theater on west 48th street , the morosco theater on west 45th street , the anta playhouse on west 52nd street , the booth theater on west 45th street , and on and on and on .
as they walked past the mailbox which read coach , the small one - story bungalow with white siding and dark green shutters sat in the center of a fairly well - manicured lawn and garden that formed a perfect square as it cut into the massive woods .
there were a few houses here , large victorian villas with big gardens , probably built for merchants who had done unspeakable things in the east or west indies , and now occupied by the secretive bankers and lawyers who were only glimpsed in the village if they accidentally left their car windows down when driving to or from work in edinburgh .
running lithely in the manner that had made christopher think of atalanta earlier in their acquaintance , she made her way down towards the shore : she could have been a jogger , or just someone in a hurry to catch a bus , or to get home in time to see ' strictly come dancing ' , except that halfway down the road , after a quick glance round , she left the pavement , climbed over a garden wall and then made her way through a series of gardens .
running lithely in the manner that had made christopher think of atalanta earlier in their acquaintance , she made her way down towards the shore : she could have been a jogger , or just someone in a hurry to catch a bus , or to get home in time to see ' strictly come dancing ' , except that halfway down the road , after a quick glance round , she left the pavement , climbed over a garden wall and then made her way through a series of gardens .
it might almost be worth it ... .but every time part of his mind strayed down that primrose path , a more rational part reminded him of how much he had always liked the house , with its sunny situation and view of the river from the top windows , and the garden he and his father had worked in together .
christopher jumped , realising in that moment that the picture of the social workers dragging marina and faisal screaming down the garden path had been lurking just under the surface in his mind .
it was a lovely evening , and everything went just as he had imagined : the reflections of lights on the river , the joy of not having any background noise , the forgetting ... . that part did n't go according to plan at all he was almost at the harbour when it happened , in a quiet street where tasteful cottage style houses had been built in the 1920s , each one with a sizeable front garden .
' hey you - get back there in the garden !
half - crouching , he scurried into the nearest garden , which fortunately had a rather impressive beech hedge in full leaf for him to hide behind .
christopher did nt want to leave the sanctuary of the garden , where life seemed more or less normal , and go out to the street again , but he had no choice .
only of course she probably would n't think twice about shinning up a wall and jogging through a whole lot of back gardens .
remember when we found that dead fox in the garden ?
by the time the first of may rolled around there would be enough flowers to make any brit think she 'd walked straight into an english country garden .
i could ' ve stayed home , had a glass of wine to calm my nerves , and admired my garden .
when he said , ` ` your flower garden is really pretty -- so are you . ''
delighted at my interest , he explained what to look for , pulling visual aids from his briefcase and dragging me out to the garden behind the house for a live comparison with actual rocks .
after that , every time i went out to the garden to weed i 'd examine each rock for fossil potential .
a people watchers garden of eden with plenty of snakes .
as i said earlier , i had met him at a gathering at the botanical gardens back in may , and i described him thusly : ` ` a sour faced individual , with quick darting eyes and a harsh demeanour .
granted , my prey did not know of my experience in this garden of the dead , at least this was my hope .
her judgemental gaze took on a new meaning as i read through the usual long winded demands of mrs . cox upon myself , her honoured guest , who was to be expected at two o'clock to be at her home from whence we would commence our journey , by coach , one half a block away to the garden of john and josephine bowes for an automata performance of the magnificent silver swan .
the neighborhood was a quiet , haven of sunshine and fresh green gardens .
jessis friend diamond lived in one of the neat garden homes with her youngest kid , a two year old baby girl named indyah .
shed left her honda accord at work and taken a cab since there was little parking on the lovely streets of the garden district .
but not so bad for the garden .
after a few weeks i had got more used to the work , and one mild day in march i loitered on the way down our street , appreciating the flowers that were just starting to appear in peoples small front gardens , and looking forward to the weekend , when oliver had promised we could go up to hampstead and walk on the heath .
they did nt change anything about the grey weather , of course , but even so i almost felt my spirits lifting as i saw the red and blue and yellow signs pointing the way , and the fanciful decoration on the fronts of some of the buildings , and the pretty landscaped gardens and the cafs with umbrellas in the continental style .
chapter 17 hatton garden flora eventually i followed oliver into the office and cajoled him into a better mood .
i m not sure if the word will have circulated quite so quickly , i said doubtfully as we strolled up hatton garden , amusing ourselves by looking in the jewellers shops and wondering how people afforded anything in them with everyones finances as stretched as they were at that time .
and in some ways i would prefer to visit the new pleasure gardens that were just about to open further along the thames at battersea .
we had been to the festival gardens at battersea .
i trotted down the hall to the light and open quarter of the building that was for my business , vines , a garden design and maintenance service .
i headed to the garden to do some much needed weeding .
as i worked in the garden in the dappled morning sunlight , my musings from the night before returneda vague feeling that the shannon parkhurst i knew would nt have committed suicide .
the soil in the garden was deep and rich after years of sheet composting and rototilling , and grew abundant vegetables and perennials .
a dog of mischief , patsy cline could not be trusted in dirt , particularly nice and soft garden dirt .
her history included digging up eight raised garden bedsdestroying eight almost - ready - to - harvest raised garden bedsone night in santa fe when i was late coming home from the opera .
her history included digging up eight raised garden bedsdestroying eight almost - ready - to - harvest raised garden bedsone night in santa fe when i was late coming home from the opera .
if she really wanted to , i was sure she could get in the present garden and destroy it , but she had decided that she would not , for now .
he and his wife deanna lived next door to the garden plot in a converted machine shop and had made their space an oasis in a dilapidated area .
the hot days continued , so i scheduled our garden maintenance visits as early in the day as i could , and still the days were long and tiring , even though liz burzachiello and i worked so efficiently as a team .
we had more work to do on the hardscaping project before i could start planting the perennial garden , so i knew it was going to be a dusty , hot day .
with the fresh tomatoes and herbs i d picked from the garden , all that could be dinner in a flash .
and she had worked at the community garden , too .
i just finished telling her about a garden that liz and i had recently completed .
* * * after a meeting with a client the next morning about designing an additional garden for their property , i decided that i would drive over to pursgers to try to talk to barry correda .
i found her in the outdoor yard of the large import extravaganza on cerrillos road and it was crammed with pottery of all sizes and styles , big earthenware jars , 4 - foot ollas , garden ganeshes , and tinkling fountains in every corner .
besides the daily maintenance work , i had the months accounting to do , invoices to send , and a new garden design project to research and prepare with jorge martinez , the heavy equipment guy i worked with , and the crew .
golden sunlight just tipped the tops of the elm and ash trees that overhung stone street , and down the block i heard jake biccam pounding metal - on - metal outside his shop next to the community garden .
she navigated our way to the warehouse gallery in the rino area , where we spent a long time enjoying our friend casss photographs , and then to lunch at a restaurant housed in a converted taxi dispatch building with large open doors linking the outside garden patios to the urban energy inside .
i d already covered my garden to protect it , and had seen to my clients susceptible plants , as well .
patsy and pecos , intent on another adventure , continued their way past the garden as if she had nt been there .
about the author linda seals is a writer and garden designer living in northern colorado .
the little white house on the corner with flower gardens out front full of gladiolas , bethany broke in with excitement .
that s my garden out there .
are these from ashleys garden ?
ashley would want those for the garden .
his mother worked a summer garden every year , and he worked right alongside her .
using the cornmeal ashley ground for her from her garden corn , she made the bread once or twice a week .
wearing turquoise cowboy boots and sequin - covered dress to match , she was toting an oversized basket of fresh garden produce , with carrots , collards , okra and more .
women , life and love and her discoveries along the way provide for never - ending fun on her garden blog : bloominthyme.com .
caracalla 's baths is n't as large or fancy as bathhouses in the other quadrants ; there are no elaborate gardens surrounding the property , no sandy paths lined with statuary by famous artists , and no famous orators or warriors or poets lounging about , just plenty of white marble on the walls and floors , and lots of water , with hot , warm and cold pools .
the office was smaller than mine , but it had nicer furniture , and a view down into the back garden behind her , wet from a shower that had started after i entered the temple .
he pressed with all his weightlifters bulk and thrust repeatedly until he felt something collapse : much like a garden hose made of reinforced straw .
every dollar from each criminally overpriced bottle of wine you purchase at the silent auction stays in this town and is directly applied to health care and literacy programs for the farm workers who make this little corner of the garden of eden bloom and bear fruit , year after year .
a dead woman was lying in the grass in the garden of the snoddy mansion with bubba staring down at her as if he had never seen a woman before .
finally , his eyes caught the stark white of the sheet covering the womans body with its two pathetic boots sticking out of the long grass in the garden .
she turned her slim figure toward the sheet - covered body in the garden .
there s a dead woman in my garden , she stated unequivocally .
just the mobile homes , or what the stinedurfs called them , manufactured homes , with little white picket fences and a big garden .
he had stood across the garden as far away from the body as he could get , shaking in his boot straps .
we got there a few minutes early and were seated in the small garden .
sitting here in the garden , my own garden , surrounded by brightly coloured azaleas and rhododendrons , with that always - welcome smell of a very early jasmine in the air , allows your worries and fears to sink into insignificance .
sitting here in the garden , my own garden , surrounded by brightly coloured azaleas and rhododendrons , with that always - welcome smell of a very early jasmine in the air , allows your worries and fears to sink into insignificance .
its times like this , though , sitting in the garden and just being at peace with the whole world , that make it all worthwhile and dispel those little niggling doubts that perhaps it was all a big mistake .
we did get our priorities right with the garden , though , and it was the first area we started working on .
in my experience most english people tend to fix the house up first and then after about a year they start to pay attention to the garden .
besides we knew nothing about plastering , damp - coursing , septic tanks or woodworm so the garden was relatively easy for city dwellers like us .
and the rewards of doing the garden first have now paid off .
the girls wandered into the garden and threw a few toys around .
we talked for about an hour while the girls played in the garden .
the girls were getting bored in the garden and returned to the kitchen just as chrissie was suggesting we all go on a picnic the following day .
i set up a table in the middle of the garden and for a couple of hours attempted to complete the schedule i had only looked at the night before .
i ve been watching you in the garden and , i have to say , you looked totally bored , he said as he held up the bottle of wine .
you go and prepare some space on the table in the garden and ill get the food and a corkscrew , i said and went into the kitchen .
okay then , ill wait outside , and he returned to the garden .
i saw him out and returned to the garden to finish my drink .
he recalled that day , how he had stood at his bedroom window overlooking nicks garden watching him work .
she always had ambitious plans for the garden and her retirement would be spent devoting her daylight hours to working the soil .
and then came the hostas for those shady areas of her brittany garden and the magical clematis .
in her imagination the garden was planned .
her whole passion , her own rainbow now would be the gardens .
i often reflect back on those earlier years as i sit here in the garden .
* * * lucien sablon drew his last breath in the lavender garden of his home in savernay in southern brittany .
i was halfway up the garden path when a drizzle started , making the long grass shiny green , and the sky took on a thick purple cast .
i parked in the garage and walked up through the garden to the back porch .
the last i d heard , millicent was trying to program the garden walkways to follow a musical program .
he banged on the door and tromped around in the garden like you .
the gardens are a wreck and nobodys seen lester for weeks .
i took a deep breath of leather and hay , unlocked the door to the garden , and stepped out through the stone arch into the sun .
the garden bloomed with unchecked abandon .
i d spent a lot of time in that garden , playing , talking , and , unfortunately , gardening .
millicent did nt garden .
hands clasped behind his back as he looked out at the view : two large palm trees like sentinels either side of the garden .
he loved the theatre , and the main theatre areas and covent garden were a short stroll away , past old book , stamp and curio shops , and one in particular he 'd discovered specializing in old theatre posters .
some distant splashing from the swimming pool in the rear garden and courtyard , which dominic could just see at an angle if he looked through the window at his side .
the hedgerow separating the garden from the farmer 's field beyond , tessa 's climbing frame , the rockery and pond - even small objects became clear as his eyes adjusted .
there was nobody there , just rows of old weedkillers and pesticides ... and i recognized it as the shed from our garden .
as far as she was concerned , it might as well be the only one in the garden .
or perhaps a quick stroll in the puget gardens , sitting on a park bench and feeding the pigeons while surreptitiously getting his jollies by watching young boys in shorts play with a football .
drawing pictures of christian sitting among floating clouds , his topo gigio doll at one side , his favourite tree from the garden - an old spreading carob which he used to climb - the other .
i picked up a garden gnome and smashed the living room window of that house across the street , and i called 911 from there .
before work he d take her out for her walk first thing in the morning in nearby rochester terrace gardens .
the view outside looked out on to a small stone courtyard and a large mature garden to the back .
he saw a neighbour walking her dog and no doubt on her way to rochester terrace gardens .
built in the 1960s the house appeared to be a neat semi - detached property with a small mature garden to the front .
at the other end was a large open - plan dining room with french doors that opened directly on to a mature garden about one hundred feet in length .
fifteen minutes later , love took julie out for her walk in rochester terrace gardens .
he passed berkeley gardens on his left and another zebra crossing .
shoved the gear in first looked right over his shoulder and then in front , made a perfect u - turn paused to let a double - decker bus and three cars go by , and shot across the road into vicarage gardens .
there was quite an extensive garden , at least at the front , and a double garage with the doors open .
millicent said , as they settled themselves in a light and airy but somehow soulless room overlooking a medium sized rear garden , mostly lawn .
ahead of you , higher up , is the wall of a building or enclosed garden and the path ends at a door .
however , a mr . peters - norman peters - was mowing his front garden and saw a bmw with two men in it pull up outside his house and stay for about half an hour just after half past twelve .
the moors swept down to wall at the back of a small beer garden , comprised of a couple of picnic tables , a children 's slide and swing and a set of goalposts with a sagging net .
* * * millicent , tobias ndibe and judith easterman sat in the still calm of millicent 's small garden , sipping at long drinks .
the school had an internal quadrangle with a lovely garden in the centre of which was a massive flowering cherry tree .
i wondered about planting a small tree or a garden somewhere nearby so that we can perhaps shift the focus slightly .
they had a ground floor room which opened directly onto the gardens full of hibiscus and bougainvillea .
laura had hoped that by renovating the pavilion and creating a new garden area she could erase some of the painful memories .
the waning garden still contained a few red geraniums .
we met at a garden show in st . louis .
pitman raised his brows when he heard the words garden show .
its why i went to the garden show .
we ve already got the livestock and well be increasing the size of the garden this year .
i m going to pour me a pitcher of wine and soak in the garden tub for three days , delilah laughed .
i went out into the garden , locking the front door behind me .
i started to say that i had , but she continued , ` ` if you went through the right hand entrance , the view from the conservatory was over the hedge to the woods at the back of the estate , and the outside door lead into the garden .
` ` if you went through the right hand entrance , the view from the conservatory was over the hedge to the woods at the back of the estate , and the outside door lead into the garden .
` ` according to the report from last night it 's a very ordinary house with an overgrown garden and a small , old and rather scruffy looking old lady householder .
a vicious fit of barking erupted and a hitherto unseen doberman dived after something grey flashing through into the next garden .
there was a ramp to the driveway , gardens that were handicapped - accessible , and a peaceful setting for guests to kick back and relax in while they were with us .
as i led her through the woods and into the yard , i pointed out the blueberry bushes , raspberry canes , and vegetable garden .
and to answer your question on organics , there are some things i do in the garden to keep the fruits and veggies healthier to eat .
i caught sight of her in the bird garden in the backyard , if that helps .
jimmy at the public garden , boston .
were having a garden cookout in honor of the jenny project .
she has since turned that novel into the orchid garden , a mystery based on the trip to china she made to assist in the adoption of her granddaughter , ella .
he lives in topeka , kansas , where his main current duty , besides writing , is to keep his garden under close control .
this particular house had a small front garden between the pavement and the door , surrounded by an overgrown hedge and a broken gate that daniel reece martin , the eleven year old son of michael and janet martin , walked through , every school day , at 3:25 , coming home to an empty house .
i was going into the garden an ' i saw it on the ground , just behind the gatepost . ''
the whole inspection of the garden , the hedge and the van had given him nothing .
the boy had the key , the garden was undisturbed and the bag was here , just inside the gate , which means , probably , the boy made it to the gate but no further .
he 'd made notes on the house , the garden , the street and the bag .
josef stood and went to the whiteboard , he drew a little map and named the streets the school and the recreation ground , then he wrote a list of names and some key words like keys , garden , bag .
` ` they watched from the end of the street and saw jamie come into the garden so they walked on .
` ` ok , '' bentworth said , ` ` i 'll call the scene of crime team to take a look in the garden , if the mothers friend , '' he said nodding at the kitchen ` ` saw the boy go into the garden he must have been taken from there .
` ` ok , '' bentworth said , ` ` i 'll call the scene of crime team to take a look in the garden , if the mothers friend , '' he said nodding at the kitchen ` ` saw the boy go into the garden he must have been taken from there .
` ` i do n't think the garden will turn anything up but it 's worth a try , '' josef said .
when we got to the end of the street the boys said goodbye and jamie ran up the street and into the garden . ''
` ` ok , you watched jamie running up the street to the garden .
more probable he just chose this boy because he 's alone in the garden .
` ` daniel martin was kidnapped yesterday afternoon between the end of his street and his front garden .
his schoolbag was found in the front garden . ''
` ` it 's nothing to worry about , it 's just if jamie was taken from inside the garden there might be some clues . ''
everyone was busy for the next hour and after finding nothing more than one pound fifty in the garden , the two man soc team left with the intention of spending it on a pint .
` ` i think it 's the same guy , an ' if it is i ' ve got a thousand questions - like how the hell he can take a kid from his own garden without leaving a trace or making a noise .
josef ran into the garden fumbling for his warrant card ` ` what 's going on , what 's happened ? ''
` ` has anyone checked the garden ? ''
he left the schoolbag at the first scene , the kid was seen going into the garden in the second , here there are no witnesses again .
bentworth went outside and called soc to check the front garden .
after that he left them with the tape the martins ' had made and a notebook and went into the garden .
` ` good call on the garden , '' bentworth said .
` ` i do n't think they 're having much luck with the tape , '' mason said opening the door and coming out into the garden .
` ` it was his idea to search the garden .
` ` we found his football boots in the front garden . ''
what 's important about the boys being taken from their own garden ?
i mean if we know the specifics like the garden and the description and roughly the year then we might get lucky , '' whitlock offered .
` ` there was a witness that saw the boy going into the garden , '' josef replied .
` ` soc went through the garden thoroughly . ''
` ` i put it in the garden so i could help the man with the tv , '' he said .
the houses in langley drive were larger , pre war , terraced houses , with a deep porch and generous front garden .
k walked past the bilhams ' house and dropped the shoe in the next garden along .
it really should have been the garden on the other side , but that garden had a high hedge and this side most of the garden was paved , so the shoe was easily visible .
it really should have been the garden on the other side , but that garden had a high hedge and this side most of the garden was paved , so the shoe was easily visible .
it really should have been the garden on the other side , but that garden had a high hedge and this side most of the garden was paved , so the shoe was easily visible .
` ` ward is checking the garden if that 's what you 're thinking , '' mason said aggressively .
he looked for whitlock in the garden .
` ` there 's a shoe in next door 's garden , can you come and take a look at it ? ''
` ` schoolbag , money and football boots in the garden , shoe in the neighbor 's garden .
` ` schoolbag , money and football boots in the garden , shoe in the neighbor 's garden .
there was the schoolbag , the money and the football boots , now the shoe in next door 's garden .
` ` yeah , at the beachams ' soc found money in the garden .
the fact that all the boy 's look the same , that they 're all about the same age , they 're all taken from their own front garden and the ransom note leaves it up to the parents how much to pay .
the gardens lay back to back with another row .
if k wanted to run this way he 'd have to do some garden hopping .
bentworth came running out to the back garden where josef was making a sweep of k 's garden .
the boys were all taken from their gardens sir .
his son was knocked down just outside his own garden , as he was leaving the house .
the car just swerved up onto the curb and ran the boy through his own garden wall .
they were thrown into the garden .
his dinner money was found on the path and his right shoe was found in next door 's garden .
good information that sent me down a garden path toward the wrong conclusion .
the room did not overlook the ocean , instead sliding doors led out to a small porch and an enclosed garden filled with tropical flowers , shaded by a combination of trees and covered walkways .
that reminded me my turn for hosting the garden club was wednesday , the day after christmas .
we can put it on the garden gate .
he was hurled over the edge and landed in the garden of the next door neighbour .
` ` i hope so , '' anna responded , ` ` but i do n't think he 'll let her go easily and she 's already stressing over that garden you two are building for catherine .
we 'll never finish catherine 's garden .
she had a project to finish , a gorgeous serenity garden .
` ` you 'd feel the same way if it was your garden that might be late and your party that might be ruined , '' catherine pouted .
lia described the garden she and bailey were creating for catherine and showed him the mosaics she 'd already set up .
` ` she said she wanted an ' island of serenity ' and she 's seen labyrinths and aromatherapy gardens .
` ` when did catherine decide she wanted the garden ? ''
` ` anyway , when we 're done with catherine 's garden , we 're going to take pictures and shop it around on the internet and at new age fairs and see if we can drum up some business . ''
` ` why gardens ?
i could n't have her working on catherine 's garden , she 'd be making jokes about putting land - mines under the pavers .
i was wondering when he 's going to start laying out the path for my garden .
i ' m sure she 's still upset about luthor , but she 's also absorbed with your garden project .
` ` so how is the garden coming ? ''
` ` i ' m celebrating my new garden with a summer solstice party on june 18th .
and if she did know , i do n't know how she 'd feel about finishing catherine 's garden , and i know this project is important to her .
i ' m sorry , i was supposed to meet bailey at the greenhouse five minutes ago to pick out plants for catherine 's garden . ''
` ` she wants an aromatherapy garden , and she wants all native plants and she wants a lot of big , showy blossoms .
damn it , i really wanted to do the high vibration garden . ''
planting a native garden is more complex than cramming in flats of whatever annuals are in bloom so you have a nice show . ''
` ` if i ' m hearing this right , the big issue is that there wo n't be a big showy garden full of flowers for this party . ''
` ` we take catherine down to enright avenue to see the native gardens there and get her expectations in line with reality .
~ ~ ~ lia finished the meditation bench and helped bailey plant the garden while jose excavated the pond and compacted sand on the twisting path .
bailey said it was just catherine , and as soon as they finished the garden , she 'd be better .
peter followed the winding path into lia 's garden .
money enough , perhaps , to commission a garden of their own ?
socialites are n't my usual cup of tea , but i can stand it when they 're talking about how wonderful a customized garden sculpture would look in their yard . ''
that or maybe someone will get a jones after they see it during the annual garden tour next month .
he sighed as he saw the path , established by other officers , cutting straight through the garden .
then it occurred to him that he was more concerned about the garden than he was about catherine .
a depressing thought which explained why all the flowers got along and gardens were such peaceful places .
catherine dead , the garden trashed . ''
this time it was those silly dogs and that garden . ''
we barely finished the garden .
peter studied the two officers combing the garden for evidence .
was she going to hide it in the garden ?
leo laroux quietly took possession of his wife 's body , had it cremated , and scattered the ashes in the garden .
` ` all that time we were building the garden and feeling sorry for her because she was such a twit , and here she .
if he had told you , would you have finished the garden with bailey ? ''
plenty of people knew catherine was going to be out in the garden that night .
she either deliberately taunted you by commissioning us to build her garden , or else she was so self - involved , so clueless , she did n't understand how hurtful that would be .
your gardens are well tended , there is plenty of grass for the horses .
right next to the grandstand we have the beer gardens , which offer a breathtaking display of tap beer .
the three of them sat on a scarred plastic picnic bench in the beer gardens , sipping from a tub of flat budweiser and rerunning the demolition derby crash by impressive crash .
he was barely contained , she could see it in his eyes , yet they still held to an internal timetable as he reached out , caressing her through the green silk of her robe , standing before her as unselfconscious as adam in the garden .
there was a lovely , large rose garden just before the front door .
the grass along the path was long and untrimmed , and what had once undoubtedly been a garden was now a collection of rampant ivy and a few scant bushes .
and there 's garlic and dill and parsley from the garden .
there were dense firs and pine trees about the back of the house and the steep slopes leading up to it , but unlike thorne 's bachelor pad , there was also a garden .
the both of you live in secluded little parts of the forest , but he clearly has no idea how to keep a garden or a house . '
by logical extension there is always somebody ready to buy something useless sometime ... .. argued shifty noodles , as he thought up ways to make a quick buck ... ... .. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * poppycock place shopping village our story begins one sunny day in the little garden backyard behind a small shop in poppycock place .
botzi was mowing the last run of his lawn in a little garden behind his shop , when his hat - phone vibrated around his ears .
after entering the lobby , they took a lift to the 60th floor and walked to the door leading outside to the roof garden .
they shuffled off to the gardens .
four almost - naked youths sprinted down a garden path , like they saw the devil , and vanished in less than five seconds .
then again , we do nt have garden beds , or we did .
since i have a few more hours before work , i break out the shorts and sports bra set on a mission to locate the so - called garden bed .
i do nt usually dress up , but getting all gross in the garden inspired the girl in me .
she s back in the garden when i walk over .
once he was safely through the garden gate and into the street he relaxed : he was on neutral territory , and even hilda respected the geneva convention .
normally located at the end of the garden , an anderson shelter was an air raid shelter designed to protect a family from the blast of a bomb dropped by a german plane .
also by ann summerville storms & secrets the berton hotel lowenna series : a graceful death high tide gwinnel gardens trouble at the manor pecan valley series : grandmothers flower garden birds in the air childrens books a home for sam daisys lost brother chapter 1 outside lowenna antiques , water rushed through the street like an angry dragon pummeling shop fronts and searching for places to conquer .
also by ann summerville storms & secrets the berton hotel lowenna series : a graceful death high tide gwinnel gardens trouble at the manor pecan valley series : grandmothers flower garden birds in the air childrens books a home for sam daisys lost brother chapter 1 outside lowenna antiques , water rushed through the street like an angry dragon pummeling shop fronts and searching for places to conquer .
that s not natural having a swimming pool in the back garden .
gia smiled at the image of her mother with a vegetable garden .
a once pretty cottage garden , surrounded by a white picket fence , had been beaten by wind and rain and bloomless stalks were now flattened in clumps around the sodden grass .
as a concession to her flower addiction , paul bought rose a large , gold - framed painting of a flower garden and centered it on the wall .
she wants a swimming pool and none of the gardens are big enough for a swimming pool in lowenna .
the dog pulled , from norma walkers front garden , another black plastic bag and dragged it along the road .
once he reached his own garden , he ripped the bag open and nuzzled into the contents , tossing a banana peel in the air .
or are we dining in the front garden ?
she looked at the frame and black calligraphy letters surrounded by painted flowers the color of a spring garden .
its two up and two down and has a nice little garden .
her cottage is a lot of work with that big garden .
gwinnel gardens ( no .
3 in the lowenna series ) it was nt unusual for retirees in lowenna to succumb to death during the winter months in lowenna , but while gia and her friend , holly worked on restoring the overgrown gwinnel gardens , they noticed that there were an increasing number of services at the crematorium in the valley .
after hearing the president of gwinnel gardens had died unexpectedly , gia dug in her heels and decided to investigate .
grandmothers flower garden ( no .
she also tries to convince herself that she s taking an early retirement , looking for a quiet place to work on her quilts , putter around in her new garden .
as many victims ultimately discovered in the aftermath of their botched marriages , adultery was nt a violation of the law in the garden state .
when it became clearer than a defoliated forest that peg had nothing left to offer but her own weedy garden , oranger bid her goodnight .
ya stick out like a prickly weed in a freshly mulched garden .
like baltimore is the garden of eden .
happy camper tip # 11 herbed garden potato salad : in a blender , combine cup oil , cup cider or tarragon vinegar , 1 teaspoon of salt , 1 teaspoon onion powder , teaspoon garlic powder and teaspoon pepper with fresh parsley and basil leaves .
he still broke beans , hulled peas and shucked corn from the little garden behind his house .
as time came to pass , the lord sent the rains upon the valley which watered all the crops , gardens and fields which brought forth much to all .
the fruitful trees bared decayed and rotted fruit and the gardens had withered and died .
in the early hours of the morning , veasty was strolling wearily in the flower gardens of thurin - hill where legend had it that theorbane met the nurdoress .
she hurriedly wiped her tears and turned back to behold the richly dressed man who was clad in a red mantle adorned with many embroidery and gems , at the gates of the garden his companions waited on him .
other than a shed in the rear of the yard with some garden equipment inside , it 's a pretty sparse space .
she then showed us the area adjacent to our room that had access to the backyard where there was a pool , a gazebo and a large garden .
it seemed warm and inviting on the outside , with a cute , desert - scaped garden ; when i rang the bell , vanessa answered within a few seconds .
tench noticed with a smile the tiny white garden structure at the edge of the lawn .
she had walked away from his arms that day , moving back to the big house , moving on to texas , her bare feet making little padding noises as she stepped carefully on the old wood of their once special garden place .
the boxwood garden grew out for the mansion about one hundred yards on an uplifted plateau of grass covered ground .
it was built centuries ago to look like the raised gardens in english country estates .
he passed the side door to the mansion and then low brush from a side garden .
outside the cellar door to the garden , tench listened .
tench held julie close in his arms as they squatted with smote out in the garden behind the branches of the old boxwood .
they sat in the cover of the large box bushes in the garden .
i dedicate this novella to the many hardworking farmers , botanists , and conservationists , who labor to keep food on our tables , flowers in our gardens , and the skies alive with birds and bees .
i felt like a pig in the pit at smiths tropical paradise garden luau in kapaa , baking in the sun .
i was talking things over with kellie this morning when johnny came in to ask her what she wanted him to pick from the garden .
they re both real pests when it comes to vegetation , ripping up gardens and ruining the landscape .
chapter eleven -- i noticed a small , fenced vegetable garden by the house ; at a glance , i saw lima beans , cucumbers , tomatoes , and sweet potatoes , along with some japanese eggplant , growing there .
a large dark green rain barrel was hooked up to the gutter at the corner of the house , no doubt the source of water to nurture the garden .
my gut told me to cancel my flight to the garden island and go to the nearest hotel to book a room .
a dozen or so people were working around : some in the garden , some sweeping the path , and a couple of them washing the cars .
as they reached the guesthouse , they saw chris walking in the garden .
was i going to let a little humidity and some abandoned gardens prevent me from exploring this prize ?
i scanned the area around me but detected only an abandoned garden statue a few yards away .
his tongue poked out at me , the one who dared invade his garden .
he looked at me serenely , like another statue in the garden .
clustered in the center of the main yard was an abandoned rose garden with scrawny bushes and clumsy limbs .
a thick aroma of decay rolled up from the gardens , an unsettling fragrance of rotten leaves and wood .
he came home long enough to make my mother cry and to walk the pathways of the garden with his purposeful , no - nonsense stride .
now sobbing , i ran out of the house , into the moonlight garden .
i cried and rocked back and forth , listening intently for any intruders into my garden .
still , i could see the wilderness that was once a garden through the dirty window .
its a ways ahead , past this small section , into the moonlight garden i blurted out .
yes , the moonlight garden .
he paused on the pathway , looking like a greek statue standing in a wild , green garden .
not many know about the garden .
still , its not common knowledge that its called the moonlight garden .
the moonlight garden was a maze , with seven landmarks , statues of the demi - goddesses of the pleiades or the seven sisters .
instead , i said , the statues of the garden were made of white marble that reflected the moon .
during a perfectly full moon , the statues shone bright , like a moonlight garden .
poor ashland found her in the garden , nearly dead .
did you know that there was once a garden here called the moonlight garden ?
did you know that there was once a garden here called the moonlight garden ?
she continued in a whisper , anyway , the mausoleum is located due north of the center statue of the moonlight garden .
what s interesting is the white crosses you found around the mausoleum are arranged in the exact formation of the statues in the garden .
i mean , exactly like the garden statues .
the satyr leered at us as we passed , his tongue poking out perpetually , mocking the unwanted visitors to his lost garden .
the piece de resistance was a large print of the garden of earthly delights , hieronymus boschs frightening depiction of the torturous fate of the sinners of the earth .
i smudge it with one of the crusty garden gloves i wore in the morning .
he says he does good business with local sculptors , and sells some of his pieces as garden ornaments .
barb tells me how she s started a composting program at the prison , and an organic garden where they grow potatoes , squash , ten kinds of tomatoes , and six kinds of lettuce .
he volunteers with our garden club and he is the most meticulous man i have ever seen .
they were standing in a garden lush with orange day lilies and bright crimson peonies .
kelly needed my help at the garden party last spring , i told him .
realizing that she had caught him lounging instead of working , he immediately returned to watering a charming garden that occupied the space between two footpaths .
the fresh - looking garden bloomed as if it were the beginning of spring and not the nearing of autumn .
the young man returned to watering the garden .
that was all he said , his focus unaltered from watering the garden .
evan was no longer standing by the garden .
she turned for a moment and looked over to the garden behind her .
near one of the gardens .
the tree grew out of a humble garden which rested in the darkness in a desolate alley .
every day , she went out of her way to find him in one of his gardens or mopping the floors or repainting the fence near the stream where she ran .
she started to draw when she suddenly heard a sound out in the garden near her dorm .
she sat on the steps near a small garden .
she listened and continued to rake the straw at the base of the plant in the garden .
it was farmer maclawn 's problem : he had pigs , chickens and polytunnels behind the farmhouse , growing veg - almost a small market garden - but he could n't make any money from any of that .
they 'd arrived at the garden plot behind the farmhouse , and had found it full of activity .
boys like these would buy items such as onion greens or apples in the covent garden market before dawn then spend the morning trying to sell them to housewives too poor to have servants .
and a garden .
if the belief in these beings influenced a man 's actions , that might be important , but fantasies are for clergymen who see fairies in their garden and rabbits with stopwatches and a vest .
another good example is the story of dilmun or the garden of eden where dilmun is a pure , clean , bright non - party place with neither sickness or death with an abundance of fruit trees and gardens .
another good example is the story of dilmun or the garden of eden where dilmun is a pure , clean , bright non - party place with neither sickness or death with an abundance of fruit trees and gardens .
when eve ate the forbidden fruit in the garden of eden they were expelled .
' up to the garden and the kapici 's , the janitor 's , room .
i unlocked the door into the garden and found myself close to the side - wall of the italians ' house .
since the car is not yet registered , orhan has been working in the garden .
' her friend , the woman who keeps the goats in our back garden , will find her for me . '
they are to recite anglo - saxon spells and burn ' organic ' cottage garden herbs .
we met the intruders at the point where our garden melds into the bushes of mr . muftu 's vacant lot .
' please , give us permission to go through your garden , ambassador . '
in our garden ? '
trailing her lead , she led us back into the garden .
' i came through from the italians ' garden they also gave me a lift home and in the front door .
i rang his office on the pretext of asking permission for our landlord 's workmen to cross into his garden while erecting the fence .
' madame changes here after working in the garden and when she is going out to feed the goats ' in one corner lay nondescript female apparel and a pair of muddy shoes .
the big yellow hat she wore in the garden is also missing . '
we went out the side door , into the garden .
he stalked past the poplars that shielded me , and opened the little side gate that , notionally , divides their front garden from their back garden .
' the police have found a body in the garden next door . '
the police are digging in my back garden .
they say they were informed that a body has been buried in our garden and that they had instructions not to talk about it .
why do they think she is dead and buried in our garden ? '
' so anyone could bury a body in your garden , after that , without fear of being observed .
' i am surprised that my garden is not a graveyard of irregular burials . '
i believe that , when we look closely at the site map , we will find that it was not actually in your garden at all but in the vacant lot behind your house . '
as we left , he turned again to the colonel to regret the disturbance and thank him for allowing him and his men access to the site through his garden .
i wrapped it in sheets from the laundry and buried her in the next - door garden .
we nodded to the guard sitting outside his glass box , a new face , and made our way to papa 's vinyard , a tea garden in a shady chasm , which has , so far , escaped the construction industry .
' i went into the front garden for about ten minutes , for a breath of air and a smoke .
maria was lying in wait for me in the garden of the residence .
he pushed me through the trees to the italians ' garden and said to go out their gate and turn right .
' the police obligingly found that the rosebed was in the vacant lot , not in barbellini 's garden . '
the foyer of the hotel was enormous , full of light and palms , stories high , balconies like hanging gardens all around .
we met in my garden .
the house is surrounded by beautiful profitable white cotton plants , a grove of sour oranges by mouth but yummy in salads , a peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables .
this is a business transaction , belles not a garden tea party .
she wished that she had nt bathed but remained sweaty and stinky from her afternoon physical jog , instead of smelling like a row of garden roses .
its time for me to plant some new seedlings into your rose flower garden .
when i went to see her , i found her working outside in her garden in the backyard .
we talked while she continued weeding and working in her flower garden .
it was supposed to be an outdoor garden sculpture .
when i got home , my mother had the thing sitting outside decorating her garden .
i not only knew about the gold , but now i knew baxter cast and painted it to look like a garden sculpture chess set .
i worried that he might hit her with his tail , an assault which feels akin to being whipped with a garden hose .
around the fountains were gardens overflowing with cala lilies .
' i 'd have had to burn it out in the garden and i kept thinking what the neighbours would say if any of the pages were to blow away . '
it formed part of a large house , with a tarmac front garden that provided ample space for parking and would have saved them the half - mile trudge back to the car .
could be some sort of garden tool .
' you mentioned that this weapon could be a garden tool .
i have a rose garden i m quite proud of .
but i venture a guess that your interest is not in my flower garden .
sitting near some floor - to - ceiling windows looking out over a garden was an old man hunkered down in a wheelchair .
it was close to 400 acres , which included sporting facilities , a restaurant in the middle of the park , nature trails , gardens , playgrounds , and even a large pond on the west side of it .
white house , light blue shutters , picket fence , well manicured lawn , what appeared to be an herbal garden on the side of the house .
after a while she told them goodbye and headed back down the path to see what needed to be done in the garden .
hannahs vegetable garden was a large one , almost unmanageably so for a woman with no tractor , very little money , and a small gas tiller that only worked sometimes .
hannah weeded the late summer garden and searched her tomato plants for any remaining tomatoes .
instead , she collected them in a bucket and tossed them out well away from the garden .
those brave enough to face the cold wandered by the garden and pool .
as usual miss betsy was working in the gardens .
i have also wandered into toilets , out in the garden , in closets and pretty much everywhere else in that house .
the elderly lady looked tired as she was weeding a part of the garden which had been neglected a bit lately .
we ' ve had quite a few maintenance issues lately so the garden has gone to the bottom of my to do list . ''
chapter seventeen pulling up to the apartment complex i noted that sean was still in the garden working with miss betsy .
after saying goodbye to monique and reggie and making sure crystal got dropped off with edwin i went back to the garden .
while waiting for ramos , sean decided he wanted to do some more work in the garden with miss betsy .
i found miss betsy working in the garden again .
i remember barney calling stonely gods country and i d thought he meant a paradise , like the garden of eden .
grandma johnsons front yard has a toilet filled with plastic flowers , and in her garden are wood - carved people bent over picking vegetables .
as i stepped off the porch , i saw a lady in the next yard holding the garden hose sprayer over a flower bed .
in the distance , the wildflowers transformed the backyard into a botanical garden .
the vegetables are from our garden and the bread sara made with all natural ingredients .
a wall of windows overlooked the flower garden .
then it raced toward the hotel , through the gardens sending patrons running for cover .
outside the windows , dagger could see patients being walked or wheeled through the gardens .
through the opened patio doors she could smell a variety of perennials from the gardens below .
she could be outside in the garden or in the throes of cleaning einsteins aviary and not want to be interrupted .
it looked like a carefully - made rock garden on a large scale .
in the phil cosmos , a man retains his sanity by cultivating a garden with three varieties of mental flowers growing .
phil cultivated all these in his mind 's garden ; he said he they were essential to a definition of a man .
i am too joyless in the midst of a world somebody made into a garden , too hesitant when adventure is offered .
he knew nuthin about anything but gardens and landscaping .
once when i was out in the front garden having my tea , she slowed her car down , and stared back at me .
did he pick a rose from the garden ?
my finger pressed into the first photo of ned weatherbyoutside his house , picking a rose from the garden .
after a few minutes officer truman came back out , looking pale and clammy , and took a walk in the garden .
we used to live in home gardens before we moved to cottonwood .
on the front lawn , just as i remembered , tacky little garden gnomes peeped out mischievously from behind miniature plastic windmills placed strategically along the walkway .
off the kitchen , there was a garden with a lilac tree in full bloom , the scent filling the air .
the garden floor was red brick and the walls were cement with built - in planters and benches along two sides .
` ` you better come down to the garden with me , '' phillis said excitedly as soon as he opened the door .
she caught up with him as he squatted down in the middle of the garden off the kitchen .
a man came through the door connecting this garden with its neighbor .
within seconds , the back garden and the alley , which ran along behind it , were filled with police cars .
he wondered what she had been doing in his garden .
he often came into pat 's garden to sun himself on the wrought iron bench under the tree and curl up for a nap .
they 'd probably never find out why she was in his garden .
over the mantle was an oil painting of an english garden .
by tomorrow , or monday at the latest , the garden should be ours again . ''
` ` because , whoever was in that house was positioned to fire directly across to the third floor of this house , your floor , not the garden on the ground level .
` ` did you ever find out why gertrude heisler was in my garden ? ''
an hour or so after phillis had gone upstairs to her rooms , pat had gone out back through his garden , under the yellow police bands stretched across the back gate , to the patrol car parked in the back alley .
he could look down past the second - floor sundeck , past the garden at ground level , to the alley , which ran between the row of houses on spruce street and those on cydelpan street .
he walked to the end of the garden , opened the solid wooden door , which led out onto the alley , and looked to his right .
he then directed pat to precede him as they headed toward the door in the wall , which opened onto pat 's garden .
there were footsteps outside in the garden .
do you know why your mother was in my garden ?
the police had removed the yellow strips that had cordoned off the garden and the alley behind it .
that garden was also empty .
then came the garden attached to the rhynn house , showing signs of neglect .
she next approached the gate of the garden belonging to the house directly across from the heislers .
zena whispered the last word as she looked furtively around her own garden .
i used to hear them when they did n't know i was sitting here and they would be in their own garden or their windows were open .
raj came out of the house into the garden and walked toward them .
my neighbor , mrs . gertrude heisler , was found shot in my garden .
pat and phillis crossed over to his garden .
i think i fell in love with it the first time i saw it , but what sold me on it was this garden .
funny thing about a garden like this . ''
pat described how he and phillis sat in the garden , had one drink each , talked , how the talk got around to society hill and the houses there and how many of them have rooms beneath their basements .
` ` you told me you both went and sat in the garden , '' sylvester said .
` ` then , were n't you alone in the house while miss toner was in the garden ? ''
he hurried out the back , through the garden , unlocked the gate and looked in both directions .
he just came out into his garden .
carl directed phillis ' attention to the garden below .
among the photos was one of an old woman all dressed in black , walking through a garden .
she wrote down the following : august 6 , 1986 - story , harold miner iii 's 23rd birthday party march 28 , 1988 - photo , two old men in park playing cards november 11 , 1989 - story , book review of ' the witchcraft of positive thinking '' july 11 , 1991 - photo , neighborhood produce market march 2 , 1993 - story , death of a woman named cyrilla pak october 23 , 1994 - photo , two boys on seesaw at playground june 14 , 1996 - story , city mayor convicted of bribery charges february 4 , 1998 - story , collapse of fulsom towers office building september 27 , 1999 - photo , family in front of fence and house may 19 , 2001 - photo , two red cars in an office park january 9 , 2003 - story , sea dragons stadium demolished august 31 , 2004 - photo , spring river office building april 23 , 2006 - photo , old woman in black in a garden december 14 , 2007 - story , kidnapping and secret room in house .
well , she 's supposed to be in a garden anyway .
the old lady in the garden , for one thing .
i told him to send missives to the bakery beneath my rooms in covent garden .
the driver dropped me at the top of grimpen lane , a tiny cul - de - sac that opened from russel street near covent garden square and paralleled bow street .
the second floor was let to an actress , the pretty marianne simmons , who , between roles , sometimes paraded about the covent garden or drury lane theatres , looking for a protector for a fortnight or two .
i frequently observed him tramping the streets near covent garden , some unfortunate in his grip , his sergeant 's voice roaring above the crowd : ` ` now then , lad , you 're for it .
it was growing dark again when i approached the market at covent garden .
every day and well into the night , nance moved all over covent garden , up and down the strand , and everywhere in between .
i 'd walked slowly down to pall mall and on to cockspur street , making my weary way back toward covent garden .
i strolled back toward covent garden , and she stuck to me like a dog following its master .
nance 's regular haunts were covent garden market and the streets around it ; our paths would cross soon .
` ` place near covent garden .
except garden . ''
marianne did not speak to me as we rolled up southampton street and through covent garden to russel street and grimpen lane .
i left my rooms and walked to covent garden theatre on the chance louisa had attended tonight , but i did not see the brandon carriage among those milling nearby .
let grenville 's footman search the environs of covent garden for me in vain .
i ' m to meet jemmy , going midnight , behind the covent garden theatre .
i would just have to arrive at covent garden theatre a little early and spirit her away before she and jemmy could carry out their plan .
at half past eleven , i went to covent garden theatre , which reposed at the end of bow street .
i could not recall much of what happened after i 'd been pummeled by the four men and jemmy behind covent garden theatre .
` ` i started searching for you around grimpen lane and covent garden .
i changed into my regimentals , hobbled to the hackney stand in covent garden market , and took myself to the house of james denis .
books in the captain lacey regency mystery series the hanover square affair a regimental murder the glass house the sudbury school murders the necklace affair a body in berkeley square a covent garden mystery a death in norfolk a disappearance in drury lane the gentleman 's walking stick ( short stories ) and more to come !
captain lacey regency mysteries , vol 2 includes the sudbury school murders the necklace affair a body in berkeley square a covent garden mystery a $ 10 ( us ) value for $ 6.99 !
continue for a preview of a regimental murder captain lacey regency mysteries book 2 by ashley gardner * * * * * chapter one a new bridge was rising to cross the thames just south and east of covent garden , a silent hulk of stone and scaffolding slowly stretching its arches across the river .
i walked down to this unfinished bridge one sweltering july night through darkness that belonged to pickpockets and game girls , from grimpen lane to russel street through covent garden , its stalls shut up and silent , along southampton street and the strand to the pathways that led to the bridge .
billings hung about the theatres at drury lane and covent garden , waiting for members of the haut ton to do something indiscreet .
* * * * * * * * * in the end , i took her to my rooms in grimpen lane , a narrow cul - de - sac off russel street near covent garden market .
the historic house is hidden in a corner of the park surrounded by its own gardens and very high fences .
i had lunch with her near madison square garden where bill was preaching later that evening .
declan opened the door for me and ordered a pitcher of white sangria ( without asking my opinion ) , then lead me to a quite table in the garden .
the night , sticky from the day 's heat , made me sweat as i walked through carroll gardens .
three stories , with spindle - set balustrades circling both the first- and second - floor verandas , esprit dchene sprawled majestically amidst well - tended gardens , shrubbery , flowerbeds , and red - brick footpaths .
leaving katy to her cooking , he glided through the garden room beside the kitchen , where katy would serve the meal , on through the wall onto the grounds .
in the rose garden .
gabes lying on the ground in the rose garden .
in the rose garden , sue ann had gabe on his feet .
in the garden room , sue ann knelt in front of gabe , and i went in to check on him .
guess he did nt get it all out in the garden .
tell him i m in the rose garden !
what about the stuff you buried in the rose garden ?
nor was it anywhere near madison square garden by the way .
he walked it off in the tuileries gardens .
you ll find mr abbott and mr tompkins behind the shed in the garden .
scenes of crime tape festooned the neat suburban garden , and a tent had been erected to cover the excavations behind the shed .
mr abbott and mr tompkins were behind the shed in the garden .
she had scattered the loose earth over the rest of the garden , but there had been so much of it !
that was why she had dumped mr johnson in the canal lock just beyond the end of her garden .
she had a small garden to the front of the property , and a larger one behind .
she went out into the back garden .
hilda hurried back to her home , and took the spade from the garden shed .
the danger period would be getting him from the garden to the burial site .
if you go through there , you ll be in the high street , there s a couple of nice tea rooms , and if you like gardens , you can walk along to neston house and see the gardens there for free .
the living room was at the rear of the bungalow , overlooking a long garden fringed by a high leylandi hedge .
it was a circular tour , taking in several famous gardens and houses and included a two day visit to danemouth , a pretty coastal resort .
hilda quite liked gardens , she had worked hard at merrydown crescent in order to make sure her front garden was always in immaculate order .
she had found him in the back garden , poking around the back of the shed .
behind the shed in the corner of hildas garden there was a depression in the ground .
she did nt encourage her gentlemen to use the garden , and she was taken by surprise when mr abbott appeared around the side of the shed and asked her what she was doing .
she scattered that around the garden rather than leaving it humped over the grave .
on a small side table stood an array of decorative candles and a lovely vasesoon to be filled with fresh cut flowers from susans garden .
i think ill start through the garden .
ill go find mom and check out the garden with her .
when she went through the door , to her left was a circular garden shaped like a pie with slices .
in each area was a decorative garden bench .
there was an old rock garden to one side of the place .
his dad had shown him old pictures of the small garden and it had been great looking , although why anyone had bothered to build the garden close to the old stable was beyond him .
his dad had shown him old pictures of the small garden and it had been great looking , although why anyone had bothered to build the garden close to the old stable was beyond him .
i had a sudden vision of eve in the garden of eden .
they ran back into the barn and got into the bags of grain i keep on the pallet over there , '' he gestured to a far corner , ` ` before they tore up the garden and went strollin ' round the back yard .
there was a large tree , and a garden bed being worked on by a gardener .
it was mostly quite pleasant parkland featuring garden beds , many still choked with weeds , an avenue of overgrown climbing roses sprawled over a trellis , and trees , big trees , growing in clumps and avenues , with heavy branches intermingling with that of their immediate neighbors .
the gardens were beginning to show evidence of care and attention .
christmas afternoon , john roamed the gardens , but no vegetables grew .
rayner : not so much the glass by lady bayfield 's bed , ( taking out of his pocket the bottle in the plastic bag ) but this small medicine bottle found in the bushes in the garden .
there was a small flower garden to my left , its tiny rose buds bravely fighting for life in the chilly spring air .
do you like the flower garden ?
after clearing the table and washing the dishes , i went out to the garden in the backyard for some fresh air .
attractive stones bordered the miscellaneous herbage of the lovely garden .
sonia , soniahow does your garden grow ?
i pointed to the budding flowers of the garden .
i turned around and fled the garden .
ivan had stopped at the small rose garden that becky loved so much .
in fact , that rose garden in the front yard was her pride and joy .
she cultivated those flowers , and the garden was known and admired by many people in town for its beauty and simplicity .
when he was nt hiding in his room , his head in a book , nicholas was busy helping our mother with her garden .
it was a secular ceremony , held at the wooden gazebo near the rose garden .
nicholas pavlovich was no longer there , either to mow the lawn or to keep up his mothers garden .
something about this reminded me of the rose garden back at the house on keeney avenue .
even got a little garden out back .
the street cleaners crept the early morning streets , wielding their large garden hoses like weapons , rinsing away the rubbish and debris of last nights party .
an hour later , maggie stood with her back to the room interior and faced the little garden .
he turned and scooped up a small backpack and moved out into the garden .
vines of thick , glossy ivy snaked along the ground and up and over the dry stonewall that contained the whole garden .
later , when she was sinking into a tepid bubble bath , after an exhausting day spent in the garden , picnicking and hanging hammocks with laurent and nicole , it occurred to her that he had been that way in france , too .
laurent standing in her mothers rose garden .
she walked quickly away from notre - dame , pushing past the lavender sellers and the nikon - necked tourists , away from the sparrows bathing in the mud puddles and the pigeons staking out the stone saints in the cathedral gardens .
maggie was immediately visited by a vision of awful similarity : laurent standing in her mothers garden , his hands open in a disarming gesture , his eyes full of love and relief to see her .
` ` powers of rank are not to be sniffed at even in a university , general , the professor observed , as he careened down the circular drive with little regard for boundaries of lawn and garden .
how grows your garden these days mistress janet ? ''
from the other side of the hedge came the sound of garden clippers .
sounds of the hedge clippers resumed from the garden below .
beyond the porch was what appeared to be a garden ?
mr . mason responded , the benches in the garden are made of it too . ''
shed never hoped for a large plot of land , just one with a home and enough land to have a small garden .
by saturday afternoon , shed interrupted moving her office stuff down to the basement , to referee a disagreement between beth and lydia about using the vegetables from the gardens .
he would nt look out of place at a royal garden party , she had thought at the time - he had beautiful manners , and such a warm , confident way of greeting everyone , making them feel genuinely welcome .
neatly planted gardens were laid out in front , either side of a concrete slope designed for wheelchair access .
my husband does did the garden , and he would hate it if all his hard work got ruined and overgrown .
deans stomach rumbled as the delicious aroma of barbecue wafted from one of the back gardens .
the clock ticked , and one of the neighbours laughed loudly in the next garden .
but she continued , how about i make us a coffee at my place we can sit in the garden , its a pity to waste a lovely afternoon in a cafe .
he never intended to leave his wife , his home , or his garden .
apparently its something called cleome , the council use it quite a lot in the gardens .
i do like the garden , dean declared loudly , crossing to the window , did your brother have a gardener ?
oh , are you interested in gardens ?
you should see the poor squirrels in my garden , they re positively emancipated !
i would be if i had a garden .
gretchen stopped at a shop window beside a garden courtyard and slowly turned her head .
man would have one job and that was to cultivate or to till a place that god called the garden of eden .
the garden had all kinds of plants , flowers , and trees .
two of the trees that were in the garden were the tree of life and the tree of knowledge of good and evil .
god commanded that man could eat of all the fruit in the garden with the exception of the tree of knowledge of good and evil .
adam now had someone to help him in the garden of eden .
one day when the woman was walking in the garden , the serpent asked a very simple question , yea , hath god said , ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden ?
one day when the woman was walking in the garden , the serpent asked a very simple question , yea , hath god said , ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden ?
and the woman said unto the serpent , we may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden ; but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden , god hath said , ye shall not eat of it , neither shall ye touch it , lest ye die .
and the woman said unto the serpent , we may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden ; but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden , god hath said , ye shall not eat of it , neither shall ye touch it , lest ye die .
they found fig leaves and sewed them together so their nakedness would not be seen by god when he came into the garden .
every day , god would go to the garden and talk and walk with adam and his wife .
when god entered the garden adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the lord .
and he said , i heard thy voice in the garden , and i was afraid , because i was naked ; and i hid myself .
they would be expelled from the garden , which was a small price to pay .
no longer would the lord walk every evening with adam and his wife in the garden .
when adam and his wife were expelled from the garden , the curse that god pronounced upon them would start .
in order for that not to happen , god placed a guard at the entrance of the garden to protect the tree .
and the lord god said , behold , the man is become as one of us , to know good and evil ; and now , lest he put forth his hand , and take also of the tree of life , and eat , and live forever ; therefore the lord god sent him forth from the garden of eden , to till the ground from where he was taken .
so he drove out the man ; and he placed at the east of the garden of eden cherubim , and a flaming sword which turned every way , to gurad the way of the tree of life .
then they attacked the garden with a metal detector , digging up bushes and perennials .
the knife and things they found in my home and garden were planted .
my name had been leaked to the media before a court injunction could prevent it , and all it took was to bury a few incriminating items in the garden , then call in an anonymous tip .
the knife was in your garden .
i had written to jack pommer , the columnist covering sport , gardens , and the crime scene , promising an exclusive if he would research violent rape crimes throughout the state and neighboring jurisdictions .
the knife and trophies you dug in my garden ?
another is that forensics confirmed that the residual dna and smudged prints on the knife and trophy items found hidden in your garden belonged to max .
they talked about moving somewhere else , but in the end stayed because of the garden and because dad felt that the house had been finally improved just right for the two of them .
late afternoon , people are working in their gardens , watering their lawns ; kids are just home from school playing in the backyards and in the street .
the garden was neat , the bushes trimmed .
sarah missing a few baby teeth , with sun - etched freckles , in a halloween costume , with braces , on rolling skates , in the garden , on the ferris wheel .
denise tolman opened the door , dressed in jeans and denim shirt , a garden trowel in hand .
she has her house and her garden and her - things .
there had been reported sightings for years of a big cat in the area that no one had taken very seriously , until it suddenly appeared in someones back garden and then could nt very well be ignored .
all of these elements of urban intrusion were not repulsive to art though : he was essentially a city boy at heart , having spent almost his entire life in a conurbation of some description : the countryside for him was not the pure , uncharted wilderness of the scottish highlands or the miles of unspoiled mountains in the english lake district ; for art , countryside constituted almost any green strip that was wider than his own back garden , and if this just so happened to run alongside a motorway , then so be it .
chapter twenty - eight : tuesday night london zoo rescued a roaming european lynx from a golders green garden on friday 4th may 2001 following a call from a member of the public to barnet borough police reporting that they had seen a leopard sitting on the wall of their back garden .
chapter twenty - eight : tuesday night london zoo rescued a roaming european lynx from a golders green garden on friday 4th may 2001 following a call from a member of the public to barnet borough police reporting that they had seen a leopard sitting on the wall of their back garden .
he found the office building quickly near the palapas garden nursery on palm canyon close to the new condominiums that had just been built .
the garden furniture was made of expensive plantation grown hardwood covered in thick cushions ; henry had seen this stuff in a catalog once and guessed that each piece was an average persons house payment .
shed come to the garden to be alone , but gwalchmai did nt seem to understand the concept .
here i am , pruning the beans in the garden on a sunny afternoon , minding my own business and not interfering in anybody elses .
classic fm always sounded rubbish when he first woke up , he needed something with a bit more to it so tuned into radio 1 just in time for the view same jeans now that s more like it , lets crank it up a bit ian stood up excitedly , kicking himself out of his sleeping bag , and putting the plate down to turn the music up , he then wandered out into the garden for some dancing .
he looked out into the tiny garden and saw everything .
i m wearing this little dress pretty , but better for garden parties and bank - holiday barbeques , really and a pair of strappy heels , and that s it .
like , gardens and pink walls and pools and tiles and its like i ve been , only i d never even heard of it before , had i ?
for all i know , that means tent , and i m not camping out , even though the gardens are well nice , if i remember rightly , but chiara says , that would be wonderful like he s granted her a wish or something , so we take that .
i must say , she did nt strike me as a liar ... no , there are riads within the hotel , in the gardens .
the garden at the back of the house was filled with herbs and vegetables ; amanda was not one for flowers or fancy plants .
my labour was helping landscape the gardens .
none has a front garden just the largest tarmac driveway possible .
the backyards remnants told them it once had a well - manicured garden .
i see you two visited the garden department .
what say we spend a little of our hotel profits to plant our garden grounds even better .
her hair was golden like the sun at noon , her cheeks rosy like the azaleas in her mothers garden .
he showed him the carefully drawn plans of thousands of skyscraper apartments geometrically placed amid an intersection of avenues , lawns and gardens .
he built stables and tennis courts , a dock for his yacht , put in ponds and green houses , planted formal gardens along with vineyards and fruit trees .
chapter 45 the area just east of the presidents office , which would one day become the rose garden , was , in 1912 , where the white house laundry was hung to dry .
the small , white - washed cottage was surrounded by a garden of rose bushes .
the grounds were filled with formal gardens , wide lawns and quiet glades that had a spectacular view of the chaotic city below .
i tend my garden of vegetables and can them for the winter .
i scanned from the sparklingly clear sky down to the back yard and saw what must be her vegetable garden .
it was a big store , taking up nearly the whole bottom floor of the building , and not particularly well organized , as each system that charlie adopted seemed to collapse after a few weeks under its own weight , and the result was not so much a patchwork of organizational systems , but a garden of mismatched piles .
within minutes of getting poleaxed with affection for his daughter , he started to develop a deep fear for her safety , which , over the course of a few days , blossomed into a whole new garden of paranoia .
in the heights , the morning sun had already opened the sky and workmen were scurrying about , tending yards and gardens around the mansions .
full - length mirrors flanked the vanity at the end of the closet and charlie caught the reflection of himself and michael mainheart in the mirror , he in his secondhand gray pinstripe and mainheart in his ill - fitting houndstooth , studies in gray and black , stark and lifeless - looking in this vibrant garden .
he took presidio boulevard through golden gate park into the sunset , reminding himself to take sophie to the japanese tea garden to feed the koi , now that her plague on pets seemed to have subsided .
' he - or it - went away into the garden .
loud screams came from the garden below , and grey glanced out , to see a flock of small , brightly coloured parrots swooping in and out of a big , lacy tree with yellowish fruit .
we 're going to take him down to the garden shed .
i ran down into the garden and hid myself . '
he walked to and fro in the wilderness of the king 's house garden , thinking , but there were few alternatives .
a maze of gardens and walkways led through clusters of yew trees that partially hid the twelve - foot - tall brick - and - stone wall surrounding the premises .
` ` something i thought would never happen again , '' he said , taking her hand and leading her toward the small garden to the side of the building .
when people think of new jersey 's highways , they think of either the garden state parkway with its mix of shattered warehouses , unkempt graveyards , and worn two - family dwellings , or they think of the new jersey turnpike with its factories and smoke - stacks and mammoth industrial complexes that resemble the nightmarish future in terminator movies .
then say you heard about him from a friend or saw him at the garden state plaza mall or something .
the paramus marriott courtyard was scenically located on both route 17 and the garden state parkway .
there was a circular rose garden surrounding a flagpole .
i wanted to beg them not to trample my poor little just- plowed garden : but i decided that would be unfeeling .
i tried to regain my relaxed mood by reading the garden club meeting report , which was usually a hoot .
reading between the garden club correspondent 's careful lines , one could surmise that the ensuing debate had created bad blood that might last as much as a year , by which time neecy could have forgotten she 'd made the proposal .
or have gone to her great reward in the garden in the sky , as the garden club membership might have put it .
or have gone to her great reward in the garden in the sky , as the garden club membership might have put it .
the area had been arranged as a garden with white concrete - looking statues of roman - like figures .
this statue garden offered him a slim salvation .
we have the garden of eden , right ? ''
the garden was having a good year .
seth and i worked like dogs around the farm , milking cows , chopping cotton , working in the garden , picking cotton .
` ` i got tickets for the rangers at the garden on saturday . ''
in the dream grace was back at the old boston garden .
fifteen years since that awful night at the boston garden .
the garden was overgrown .
it was there , in what had once been a vegetable garden .
they stopped by the maple garden apartments on maple street .
maybe he was bringing them back to the garden apartment on maple street , the one where his ex lived .
she looked around as if it might be in the garden .
the weak - minded invent invisible gods and gardens and reunions in paradise .
at the boston garden .
` ` but you used to love them at fong 's garden . ''
` ` mom , fong 's garden closed when i was eight years old . ''
` ` from the flagpole in the garden .
she limped over to the balcony door and went out to the garden .
she walked back to berger 's house and slipped into the garden .
reece , of all people , had fetched it from the knick locker room at madison square garden and brought it to the hospital , claiming , ` ` this shit makes me sick , but it might be just what of ' mikey needs . ''
we 'll be back at madison square garden in new york city in just a moment . ''
the knicks and the sonics split the next two games , putting both teams at three wins apiece and setting up game seven at madison square garden in new york .
i saw silverman play at the garden last year against the bulls .
beneath the glass cases , radar finds a box filled with maps and old tourist brochures advertising gator world and crystal gardens and fun houses that no longer exist .
chief of police claude friedrich lives next door to me , in the shakespeare garden apartments .
tom and jenny o'hagen , who 'd lived next door to me in the shakespeare garden apartments , moved to illinois to manage a larger bippy 's .
eventually darcy 's companion , whom i dimly recognized as someone i 'd seen around the shakespeare garden apartments , left .
marie had been living in the shakespeare garden apartments , next door to me , for years .
pardon albee had died , the o'hagens had moved , the yorks were gone , and norvel whitbread was in jail for forging a check : this , out of the tenants that had been in the garden apartments this time last year .
the family room , predictably , was as large as the ground floor of the shakespeare garden apartments .
i backed out and drove out of my driveway and into the garden apartments driveway , going all the way to the rear parking area .
it 's part of the spring garden tour . ''
an elementary school class or two will visit the arboretum and collect leaves in the fall , and a few women from one of the garden clubs will come to plant some perennials in the spring .
watching my feet carefully because the sidewalk was cracked in many places , i went past the shakespeare garden apartments and then around the corner ( the big squared u that went around the arboretum road bearing three names was actually a cul - de - sac ) to the parking lot and redbrick buildings of shakespeare combined church .
to my left as i faced the tracks was the high wooden privacy fence that surrounded the shakespeare garden apartments .
the builder and resident landlord , pardon albee , had had the gall to call these the shakespeare garden apartments because the front ones overlook the arboretum .
as far as i knew , the only property that pardon still owned outright was shakespeare garden apartments , and he 'd enjoyed owning it to the hilt .
the yorks ' apartment is on the ground floor of the garden apartments , next to marie hofstettler 's , and its front door is opposite the door of the apartment pardon albee kept for himself .
a door opened on the second floor , and down the stairs came the garden apartments ' only black tenant , marcus jefferson .
scc pays norvel 's rent at the shakespeare garden apartments , and a salary besides , and members of the church are always inviting him home to meals .
jenny and tom live in the ground - floor front apartment at the shakespeare garden apartments , the one right by pardon albee 's .
the code i used was not sophisticated : i just went down to the next letter of the alphabet , so the key to the closet of shakespeare garden apartments had a little strip of masking tape on it with the initials thb in heavy black ink .
he 'd been sleeping with deedra around last christmas , and during that month or two i 'd seen him go in and out of the garden apartments regularly .
every shakespeare garden apartments tenant knew pardon was a stickler for getting paid on the dot .
since shakespeare garden apartments does n't have a basement , always a chancy thing in arkansas , everyone in the building uses his or her stall for storage .
generally , the eight units of the so - called shakespeare garden apartments stayed full because the units were a nice size and fairly reasonable .
he owned a little house almost identical to mine on track street , so if i stood facing my house , his would be on the right , and the shakespeare garden apartments slightly uphill to my left .
becca came out of the big front doors of the shakespeare garden apartments just as we walked up .
they were outside in the garden portico behind scope 's mansion .
griffin scope turned back to his garden .
she stopped at a garden bench and looked around .
then she raised her eyes to a shelf above the kitchen counter , where bjurman had put about twenty seed packets , seeds for an herb garden .
she had spent the spring morning clearing up a garden near the access road to the summer - cabin area .
he walked around the garden to get some fresh air .
the police set up their headquarters in a caravan in the garden of the cabin where blomkvist was staying .
his wife showed him into the garden behind the house and offered him a cold pilsner , which he gratefully accepted .
she was found naked and tied to a laundry - drying frame in her back garden , with her mouth taped shut .
by the time he returned to the cottage , salander had decamped to the garden and was immersed in the police report .
they took a break in the afternoons , when the heat made it unbearable out in the garden .
thursday , july 10 they ate breakfast in the garden in silence and without milk in their coffee .
falk was sitting on a bench in the garden with three other patients and a male nurse .
then he made himself lunch , which consisted of coffee and open sandwiches , and sat in the garden , where he was typing up the notes of his conversation with pastor falk .
blomkvist spent two hours in the garden behind his cabin going through the apocrypha without gaining a single insight .
then he saw isabella vanger in her back garden .
at 16:03 he took his coffee cup out to the garden .
he made three brief telephone calls during the hour he spent out in the garden .
they spent the morning walking from covent garden through soho .
* * * blomkvist was still in the garden at 8:00 when he was roused by the rattle of the motorcycle crossing the bridge and saw salander riding towards the cottage .
they got up at 10:00 , took a shower together , and ate breakfast out in the garden .
you remember dad buying you a pennant of the visiting team and later hanging it on your wall in a ceremony equal to the celtics raising a banner in the old boston garden .
there were statues in the gardens , again something from old italy or greece or the like .
and the same people who think hunting is barbaric put up special fences so the deer ca n't eat their precious gardens .
she wore green hospital scrubs and rubber sports sandals with no socks- footwear sported by many a coroner because it made cleaning off blood and guts and other human debris easy with a simple garden hose .
she never understood the term ` ` garden . ''
two days later , loren muse was home in her garden apartment .
he was north of moscow center , beyond the overloaded four - lane motorway that encircled the city and was curiously called the garden ring .
he sucked in a breath , bitter with carbon fumes , and stepped resolutely down a brick walk through a lovely autumn garden .
she 'd visited nearly all of russia and most of europe , and even new york city for a performance at madison square garden .
my friend , the current governor of the garden state , had made me acting county prosecutor .
muse lived in a crapola garden apartment of too - standard - to - be - standard brick so she was n't one to talk , but to her amateur eye , this gated community looked exactly the same as every other , except that the architect had aimed for something quasi - rustic and missed entirely .
one time femia had gone down the street to the mcdonald 's near boston garden .
cardinale 's father and four uncles ran delsomma 's restaurant on forty - seventh street between eighth avenue and broadway , popular with the theater crowd , the old madison square garden folks , and the wiseguys from the west side .
i do n't want to have you disappear for a month and then we 're calling the news and insisting that someone digs up the gardens looking for you . ''
spirals , moons , and stars adorned the colorful fall gardens .
he headed down the covered garden path that led to the side of the manor house and his private greenhouse .
he thought back to the sight of her , standing in his snowy garden in eldon 's borrowed boots and ratty flannel pajamas that outlined the hard tips of her n**ples when the breeze had blown her shirt a certain way .
` ` yes , i do imagine it 's quite hard when a madwoman approaches you in the gardens shouting about how she saw your penis , '' gretchen offered back .
sometimes she commented on flowers in her father 's gardens or the upcoming christmas eve ball that seemed eons away .
now she knew he was plucking them from his own gardens .
we hunted for all our meat , and we had a small garden , using seeds that we 'd found in our mother 's box of stuff that our dad had packed up and stored .
` ` um ... would you like to see the garden i ' ve been working on out front ?
we were on our way to elitch gardens , an amusement park in denver , courtesy of ray and audrey .
he opened the door and they walked out back into the garden .
his eyelids drooped and he fell into darkness as he read about wandering through the desert , and finding a garden full of roses ...
the rose garden was in full bloom , and stripes of red and yellow and white lined the edges of the garden .
the rose garden was in full bloom , and stripes of red and yellow and white lined the edges of the garden .
outside the moon shone brightly , high in the sky , and he walked out into the middle of the garden .
actually , after you left , ma told dean she 'd bury him in the garden and use the frying pan she killed him with as his headstone .
she tells me about her gardens and asks if the bulbs are up .
` ` my mother threatened to bury you in the garden .
the front yard has been manicured with flower gardens like my mother had .
it looks like sean copied her gardens exactly and put them here .
that 's why this little garden stands out .
chapter fourteen if i had a flower for every time i thought of you ... i could walk through my garden forever .
four : midnight in the garden becca later that night i clung to the drainpipe , frozen in fear .
` ` tell you right now , i 'll sprout a garden out of my ass before i grow feathers . ''
` ` the lawn needs mowing and my veggie garden needs weeding .
` ` is that a garden ?
she walked briskly in the direction of the garden .
garrett asked as they walked into the garden .
the second painting was of a garden with a fountain surrounded by beautiful flowers .
i walked into the gardens and saw her sitting on a bench with her pad open and pencil in hand .
our wedding was taking place in the conservatory garden in central park .
` ` as a team , your task is to plant an appropriate item in each of the four main gardens of the blarney castle gardens .
` ` well , let 's find these gardens , shall we ? ''
` ` pretty sure that 's illegal in most states , '' he murmured to me as we walked to the nearest garden .
there were signs all over the extensive grounds , and from what i could tell , there were four main gardens - the fern gardens , the poison gardens , the irish garden , and the bog garden .
there were signs all over the extensive grounds , and from what i could tell , there were four main gardens - the fern gardens , the poison gardens , the irish garden , and the bog garden .
there were signs all over the extensive grounds , and from what i could tell , there were four main gardens - the fern gardens , the poison gardens , the irish garden , and the bog garden .
there were signs all over the extensive grounds , and from what i could tell , there were four main gardens - the fern gardens , the poison gardens , the irish garden , and the bog garden .
there were signs all over the extensive grounds , and from what i could tell , there were four main gardens - the fern gardens , the poison gardens , the irish garden , and the bog garden .
` ` no smoke garden , '' i joked .
it 's obviously the one that goes in the fern gardens . ''
we headed for the fern gardens and found a pair of shovels , the marked area , and two other teams still digging away at their marked plots .
i got excited at the sight of that , especially when i realized that one team had no clue what they were doing , since they were planting their cannabis in the fern garden .
we planted our first two quickly , electing the poison garden for the cannabis , and then heading back for the last two .
we planted something that looked like a water lily in the bog garden , and the last plant , i had no idea what it was , but we just guessed at that point , and then flagged over a gardener .
my eyes felt like they were the size of saucers as we left her behind and stepped down onto a lovely garden terrace .
frankly , i did n't care either , but it was hardly the heady stuff that would lead your heart down the garden path either , was it ?
we watched as he made a swift move for jenna 's vegetable garden and yanked out a carrot with immense delight .
chapter twenty i viciously yanked another weed out of the little cottage garden by the back deck and tossed it over my shoulder .
the garden was pretty , but heading towards overgrown , deserving much more than i could offer it .
unwinding the hose , i turned it on and clicked the spray handle to mist , aiming it at the garden bed in the hopes it would loosen the dirt .
weeding the garden .
` ` of why you 're up at f**king eight in the morning weeding the garden .
` ` if i did that , jared would tell me i had to mow the lawn or weed the gardens for the privilege . ''
it 's pretty , with a small garden out front .
with the dancing people , the trippy decor of this place , and the noise , the inside of my head made the harlem shake look like a garden party .
we had dinner on the garden terrace on the roof of our hotel , and we slept in each other 's arms again that night .
rose waved at me from her flower garden while i sat in jesse 's truck contemplating what was next .
when i kept sitting in the car , rose wove her way out of her flowers , closed the cyclone fence to keep all the wild animals from munching away on her garden , and headed my way .
i was busy in the garden picking early tomatoes when rose came up to me with a stoic expression .
she 'd cut a few mini - bouquets of flowers from her garden and arranged them in mason jars .
* * * luke pulled into the parking lot of a restaurant called the garden bistro .
brax told them what happened in mexico , and they cremated an old stuffed unicorn of mine , then scattered it in the back garden , believing i was dead .
i ducked as a flurry of pigeons , blackbirds , and sparrows took flight over my shoulder , scattering from the garden into the limitless sky .
arms crossed , dark hair slicked back with gel , and sporting a tweed jacket with slacks , he looked like a poster boy for country house and f**king garden .
summer turned to autumn , and the beautiful trees in q 's gardens started the journey from green to red to gold before dropping completely .
the other day , i saw her entire front garden was ripped out .
i stopped and huddled against a garden fence now that i was far enough away from the somewhat expensive prep school my absentee father paid for me to attend every year .
on these forums people traded tips and information about sweepstakes - you know , things like enter to win one of five garden baskets or enter this code from the top of your pop bottle and get a five dollar gift card to something .
our eyes flit to anything with words assembled on a page , from the backs of cereal boxes to brochures at the pharmacist 's , to our mother 's hidden penthouse forum magazines , and copies of my secret garden and madonna 's book sex .
like i had this secret life that the other people walking past me through the gardens , down the asphalt paths that bisected the grass at angles , did n't have .
snapped my index , middle and ring fingers on each hand like he was snapping summer beans from the garden . ''
lexi paused in a quiet area of the gardens and shook out her arms .
we 're surrounded by museums and theaters , botanical gardens , and even the world - famous san diego zoo .
abby is depicted as a pale goddess , walking through a garden with her hand outstretched .
madeline ate only vegetarian foods , wore organic clothing , grew an herbal garden to rival vitamin world , and held retreats at her lake bungalow for women searching for their inner goddess .
multiple balconies looked out over lush gardens and wooded paths , and shouts of laughter echoed in the air .
spring tinged the air with a teasing freshness , and he pictured her outside planting a garden .
like eve was in on it with the serpent in the garden of eden .
we sit together in silence , both of us staring at ma 's gardens that are overflowing with sweet summer blooms .
` ` you remember what this garden looked like when you were little ? ''
he looks at the garden again .
through it , was a balcony with wood decking and a virtual ceramic pot garden with ivy growing up the brick facade .
fifty white garden chairs flanked the middle of the aisle .
i picked up her hand and lead her to the window that opened to the balcony garden that cherry had grown for charlie .
opening the window , i stared out onto the beautifully landscaped park - like garden as i took a long , deep breath to regain my composure , and then returned to clarkson and sylvie .
the garden - although a little neglected - was still stunning , with tiny gravel stones building a strong contrast to the myriad of blooming flowers , and with palm and needle trees shielding the estate from prying eyes .
behind the huge palm trees and a dried up stone well , i could make out a gray building barely the size of a garden shed .
the small backyard had a patio table and chairs with a gaudy orange , yellow and purple umbrella , a bbq and a rock garden along the edge of the back fence .
i feel like i ' m seven years old again and ella and i are telling my mom how we broke our next - door neighbor mrs . millerson 's garden gnome because we wanted to see if it was a real gnome .
i ca n't imagine the bad - ass sean ferro with little flower gardens and a sweet cape cod with white gingerbread trim on a tree - lined street . ''
a work crew is putting in a white picket fence , beautiful flower - filled gardens , and painting the little home so it looks like new .
uncle jim was standing at the end of the tiled driveway , still in his house robe , looking at some of the browned lavender that was slowly dying in his rock garden .
he eased himself into a crouch and plucked a yellow flower from the garden , twirling it in his hand .
it used to be a well - maintained ranch with terracotta shingles and a beautiful rock garden that surrounded the house like a desert moat .
the garden was of your standard rock , brush , and cacti variety , something that lazy people like myself would fall back on .
we were right above the front of the store and could see down into the rock garden and the main street .
the rock garden from the front continued in the back , surrounding a large stone patio that was hedged by sagebrush .
i 'd seen only glimpses of them before , and now they glowed before me , lit by the hundreds of warm lights in his garden .
he just wrapped the blanket around my chest and we quickly scooped up the clothes from the garden before we caused a scene .
his rock garden looked tidy , proof that it was the perfect garden for lazy people and fugitives .
his rock garden looked tidy , proof that it was the perfect garden for lazy people and fugitives .
i stood there in the rock garden , knowing what i had to do , but unsure how i was going to force myself to do it .
he was n't the one left in the rock garden , two assfuck thugs ' meaty hands wrapped around him , holding him in place as he watched her leave .
the men nodded and the three of them walked past me , out of my trampled rock garden where plants would still continue to thrive even when i left the shop to cobwebs and dust .
the garden in the front was overgrown but still tidy , like organized chaos .
my rock garden was easy to maintain but it did n't have the same kind of beauty .
i eyed the window , expecting to see a squadron pull in right through his garden , squashing the gardenia .
` ` come on , let 's go see how dana 's garden is doing , '' he said more loudly and began walking again .
i heard she had a lovely garden and fixed computers .
` ` that would be the garden haciendas in the back .
from here you had the vantage point of looking down the large grassy sweep of finely cut lawn and garden that was illuminated by various lights .
there was a courtyard in the front with fountains , a huge pool among landscaped gardens , as well as a few other houses that were scattered about .
it 's a one - level with a pretty flower garden that wraps around the front side and two puffy green bushes on both sides of the sidewalk leading up to the front door .
by the waterfall in the center of the garden , a thick blanket was spread out along the floor with a full picnic dinner .
i was giving serious contemplation to just taking him there on the blanket in the middle of the lush tropical garden , but having a bed would be better .
i turned to head toward the highway when i saw the dome for the botanical gardens .
the garden was empty , as everyone else was inside and out of the fall weather .
i can hear her heels clicking on the steps as she hurries to the garden to tell them we 're ready to begin .
i ' m so excited i have to refrain from running to the garden i ' m so excited .
i saw that he had a concert coming up at madison square garden .
why do n't you show me your garden instead ? ''
we made our way out the back to a large , fenced beer garden .
he spoke so quietly that i could barely hear him over the loud music drifting over the fence from the beer garden .
lanterns light the front , giving it a warm glow , and there is a pretty garden at the bottom by the walkway up to the hotel .
i once caught him going at it with the wooden table in the garden .
a woman stood up in the garden and waved at us with a spade .
kids sprawled in the garden , laughing drunkenly , lurking in shadows in various states of undress .
` ` we 'll take sandwiches , and fresh vegetables from the garden .
they were delicious , the vegetables tasting fresh from the garden .
` ` but the things they were doing were completely out of my control , and i realized one day that the press was like a garden hose , '' he explained .
` ` a garden hose ? ''
we walked through a mall , and used a tour guidebook to try to find one of the large city gardens in the tokyo bay that i 'd marked .
we circled the large park leisurely , stopping often to enjoy views of the scenic garden , and the waters of the bay beside it .
we walked through the rest of the gardens leisurely , holding hands and sharing lingering touches and tender looks .
` ` these are the royal gardens .
` ` and who do all these gardens belong to ? ''
` ` i went to the garden of love , and saw what i never had seen : a chapel was built in the midst , where i used to play on the green .
and the gates of this chapel were shut , and thou shalt not writ over the door ; so i turn 'd to the garden of love , that so many sweet flowers bore .
it had his birth date and date of death , and instead of a family platitude , it read ` ` the garden of love '' poem again : i went to the garden of love , and saw what i never had seen : a chapel was built in the midst , where i used to play on the green .
it had his birth date and date of death , and instead of a family platitude , it read ` ` the garden of love '' poem again : i went to the garden of love , and saw what i never had seen : a chapel was built in the midst , where i used to play on the green .
and the gates of this chapel were shut , and thou shalt not , writ over the door ; so i turn 'd to the garden of love , that so many sweet flowers bore .
her eyes landed on a small garden on the far side of a building that typically blocked the view from her apartment .
her crocs flew off her feet , one settling under a hedge , the other next to the only park bench in the little garden .
as if nothing had just happened , josie parked her ass on the bench in the little garden , whistling an off - key tune .
next time we should try this little garden off the library over in - ` ` ` ` i know that one !
she was still stunned that he knew the exact library garden she was talking about .
chapter fifteen josie had n't been to this particular library in a few months , but it was the garden that drew her in .
the library was closed ; the garden was open .
alex remembered that josie had mentioned a little garden spot behind an area library , and he felt a sense of kismet , a larger sense of pride , as he found her , curled up on a bench under a beautiful pergola , a flowering sanctuary like something from a 19th - century novel .
it transported them to a secret garden , a lush , bountiful place where they could just breathe and be .
` ` are you sure you can- '' ` ` josie , the day i ' m too injured to do this , with you , outside in our own little garden of lust , is the day you can bury me . ''
inside and out , half na**d with alex still inside her , in a little garden behind a public library .
we were strolling through the park and jonathan suggested that we go in the botanical garden since we rarely did that .
we were casually walking through the garden and jonathan pointed out a beautiful group of sunflowers .
helen said , ` ` i could use a walk in the garden .
they exited the house together and walked side by side through the english garden 's stone path in silence .
when they reached the center of the garden , just where a fountain stood , rena 's mother said , ` ` you and kane never fight .
i have a garden patio up there .
somewhere i could grow a garden and plant flowers .
i continued on , passing strange - looking garden tools and old kitchen utensils , when i spied several tables full of brooches and pins .
i was ready to elope , but she insisted we have a real wedding , and we were lucky enough to get the sculpture garden at moma reserved .
the clips include my awkward ask - out : ` ` so should we meet in the golden gate park near shakespeare gardens on saturday ? ''
` ` i actually have to go over in that direction tomorrow morning , '' i say , thinking that shakespeare gardens is n't far from the beach .
i ' m camped out on a bench in front of shakespeare garden , surrounded by the ponds and hills and bike paths of golden gate park .
though shakespeare garden has a big name , it 's a little spot , maybe the size of a large backyard or a private courtyard .
i like this spot for many reasons , but especially because todd and i never went to shakespeare garden in all our time together .
it 's the same dimly - lit restaurant , with the same red pleather , same puckered booths , same orange chandeliers , and probably serving the same steak and baked potatoes and garden salad .
we pull apart , and the shop owner helps kat take off the dress , and they make arrangements for it as i wander through the tiny store , with its cream walls and gold framed vintage pictures of garden weddings and sunset vows .
` ` it 's only for my love of travis that i eat the olive garden 's alleged italian food . ''
` ` i know you ' ve really been working hard on your rose garden , but now is n't actually the best time . ''
my dad is ... well , he 's a blue collar , irish catholic ex - marine who loves puttering around his rose garden and playing with his grandkids . ''
` ` wait until he shows you his rose garden . ''
` ` he has an entire rose garden ? ''
let me show you my rose garden . ''
silence hung around them as emma kept admiring patrick 's garden .
when lunch break came that day , mairi quickly hid herself deep in the school 's gardens , her back against the trunk of a large old oak , knees tucked under her chin .
chapter fourteen on the center of damen 's table was the envelope his unexpected visitor had thrown at him , as silently insidious as the sly gaze of the snake in the garden of eden .
the fire exit led out to the clinic 's lavishly landscaped gardens .
they were chained to ornamental lamp posts that lined the garden 's pathways .
one of the magnolia trees in the garden had a branch drooping close to the top of the walls .
my garden of bliss rocked into bloom , petals opening wide , and i came .
she pointed to a painting that was thick with lush flowers , and strangely erotic , for a garden .
i stared at the garden painting , wondering what it might be worth .
in the sculpture garden , behind a little pagoda , was a spot the lights did n't reach .
when we got to the ground floor , i turned into the sculpture garden .
and then you were in the garden crying on his shoulder .
his plot was terraced into vegetable gardens , private spaces , and a little utility area with a shed .
staircases built during the depression , forgotten paths that were never lit or patrolled that were taken over by residents for extra garden space or burial grounds for unwanted cars .
sitting in his house on a hill with his manicured garden of native plants and his refinished wood porch .
* * * i could n't bear the common room , the patio , the garden .
the verdant garden was dotted with wood benches - places to reflect on your mental sickness , eat yourself with regret , and chew on your shortcomings .
after i made the first turn , i doubled back to the garden .
i said good - bye to the linoleum , the garden outside the window .
we would sit and talk in the garden .
this was because i had been shopping in the garden center .
now i 'd had to leave my trolley with my carefully selected trays of flowers and spiky and tailing plants that would so work with my vision of floral beauty at glacier lily in the garden center because i had no idea where my man was and the big flat trolley i had was too unwieldy to shove through the store .
i 'd looked through all the aisles in the garden center ( three times ) .
` ` you left me in the garden center , '' i informed him of information he well knew .
build zen gardens .
now the kids were out of school , it was saturday , mitch and i were both off and we were taking the kids to six flags elitch gardens .
then i heard billie screech , ` ` elitch gardens ! ''
the garden level was an apartment that they 'd rented out since i could remember to a woman named mrs . mayhew who had three cats .
but i stopped and stared when i saw dog , of all freaking people , with dad 's front garden hose going full throttle , aiming it at flames coming out of the front window of the house .
this was tracy , who was sashaying into the warehouse looking around like she just hit the candy garden with chocolate stream at willy wonka 's .
the back had a remarkable garden , terraced up the mountain , incorporating the aspen and pine , this leading down to a patio made of flagstone arrayed in an extraordinary starburst design .
the garden looked good covered in snow .
the back might have a spectacular garden as well but the front had a panorama of rockies , the valley and gnaw bone .
i reminded him then continued , ` ` and the garden .
i just wanted to start with a puppy and i did n't want a puppy chewing on exposed wiring and getting electrocuted so i 'd start my first tenure as puppy parent by digging a puppy graveyard in my garden .
there 'd always be something to do in the garden or somewhere on the property .
a magazine on architecture , the cover an aerial shot of a very large home in the mountains with a sweeping front drive , a gracious pool to the left and a lush terraced garden at the back .
i saw sun dazzling lights on the pond ; the long , green front yard dad kept neat and trimmed ; the lush , dense trees at the foot ; the farmland beyond that ; and mom 's tidy , flourishing garden on the opposite side of the pond where she planted strawberries , potatoes , tomatoes , regular corn and popcorn every year .
i needed to be here , see to things , weed mom 's garden , mow the yard ( it took me a whole day to do the front yard , the side yard across the lane by the grape arbor and weed whack everything including around the pond - tyler should take his boot camp out on a field trip to indiana and force them to do that , it was killer ) , clean the house , ferry mom around , visit with dad .
we worked in mom 's garden , we cleaned the house , we helped him with his many ` ` projects '' .
if this gave me the all clear to weed his garden and take him couch shopping .
i was in the garden yanking weeds when tate came out after dealing with jonas .
` ` there 's a garden center in chantelle .
` ` you 're not goin ' to a garden center . ''
` ` so , a man gets outta prison , he gets himself a new wife , he brings her home , takes care of business by findin ' a job to provide for her , his first day off , his wife does not go to the garden center to buy plants in an asinine effort to put her stamp on a house .
` ` and we also ca n't take it to a garden center , '' i continued .
` ` the steering wheel will lock you try to pull it into the parking lot of a garden center .
then i moved across the garage to the passenger side of the viper , muttering , ` ` do n't blame me if she ejects us , we try to take her on errands at a garden center . ''
` ` you 're going to a garden center , '' i pointed out .
` ` free to drive your kickass car on a sunday to a garden center .
a kickass viper did not go to the garden center .
we were going to the garden center to buy plants not drop tens of thousands of dollars on an suv .
and i did this by announcing , ` ` garden center is open on saturday until eight . ''
this was because i went nuts at the garden center which also had kickass patio furniture .
spent five years with ninety - nine percent of my headspace taken up with my grand plan o ' vengeance , i get out , ready to take that on and a few days later i ' m tourin ' fucking vegas then headin ' to moab and then at the f**kin ' garden center .
they rarely saw the light of day and only when she forced them to do chores in her garden .
` ` you 're going to be handed your own ass , and then you 'll go back to the morons in your mc and tell them if they so much as come near my club , they 'll end up being fertiliser in my f**king garden . ''
i came like a f**king garden hose .
we explored his house , or went for walks in the semi - wild gardens around his property .
the garden where the sun was bright would ' ve been much better than a f**king dungeon .
i crawled through manicured gardens , past ponds , and statues , all the way from manor to kennel .
i strolled in gardens surrounded by manicured hedges and even took a nap beneath the dappling leaves of an apple tree in the orchard .
i remembered the fireworks , i recalled the relaxed day of reading and helping the staff set up the garden buffet , but i struggled to remember what happened in jethro 's office .
my willpower to stay away had snapped this morning when i 'd seen her disappear into the gardens with a hungry haunt in her eyes .
she did n't know the house in the centre had manicured gardens and metres of idyllic paradise .
also , any of the club who sticks around , and if you see here , '' vincent pointed at the garden , ` ` it 's big enough for a garden for the barbeques she wants you to throw . ''
also , any of the club who sticks around , and if you see here , '' vincent pointed at the garden , ` ` it 's big enough for a garden for the barbeques she wants you to throw . ''
it was five beds with a pool and plenty of garden space to host a couple of barbeques .
grabbing a beer from the cooler ripper stared around the garden at his fellow brothers along with some of piston county 's wealthy families .
glancing over the garden he saw no one was paying attention to them .
they started moving out of the garden leaving them alone .
it was a small house near the town center with a small garden .
one afternoon she went to his house to find him in the garden with a spade , trowel and some seeds .
most of the seeds had been planted and patches of the garden started to look structured .
that 's why he decided that going into the garden would be a great idea .
fresh herbs were growing in his garden and she 'd seen coriander among the herbs .
` ` i was thinking we could go to the stream at the bottom of your garden , passed the line of trees , '' she said .
laura grabbed dean 's hand and moved down the path of his garden toward the trees .
he picked up a bag and instead of showing her what he 'd brought , took her hand and they walked down through the garden .
dean chuckled and explained , ` ` the house is n't very big , but some people do n't like having this as part of their garden and being near the outskirts of town .
her tits and ass were on display , and a few years ago he 'd have been f**king her in the garden before the night was out .
gabriel had a big garden , which would be ideal to let them out and play .
he talked about learning to cook and to grow a few vegetables in the back of his garden , all because of laura .
wayne did n't watch where he was going until he was at the bottom of the garden .
she followed the path to find wayne standing at the bottom of the garden .
what had happened from the time at the bottom of the church garden to seeing her being taken by another man ?
she planted some flowers in her small garden and read a book in between wondering what tony wanted to talk to her about .
leaving the room , she made her way out onto the patio overlooking the expanse of garden .
from the time he 'd been down to the church garden and witnessed her tears , he 'd been gone .
she got out the mincemeat and the fresh tomatoes she 'd picked from the small vegetable garden she maintained .
` ` i use to grow these in my garden . ''
the garden would have to wait for the spring and summer .
lexie held onto the trolley handle as eva placed the last bottle to take into the garden .
they passed sasha and pussy on the way into the garden .
` ` i can do more than that , but i think you need to take a walk around the cafeteria garden .
we 're in the hospital gardens . ''
with them being alone away from the danger he 'd make sure she spent a great deal of time in the garden getting a tan .
` ` you can go for a walk if you want around the garden .
stink took both cups from her as sandy was stretching out in the garden .
leaving the two in the garden , kelsey filled a pot with water and started to prepare the salad along with several other items .
chapter sixteen nine months later killer stared out over the garden watching as kelsey continued to pull the weeds out of the vegetable patch she insisted on .
heading outside to their garden , he helped her up , removing the gloves on her hands to reveal the gold ring he bought her .
there was a wall overlooking the garden .
she stared out of the window overlooking the small garden .
the garden looked amazing in spring and summer .
she stared at the plain brick work and the crappy garden she owned .
closing her eyes , she moved through her house and went to her small garden in the back .
they passed the garden and went towards the back gate that opened onto the main beach .
kevin slammed the bottle against tate 's chest before storming off out of the garden and down the street .
stephen turned away from his computer to look out over his garden .
your dad is going to want to take me in the back garden and shoot me , '' isaac said .
chapter eight one week into her stay mary sat in the garden playing cards with jane .
victoria was watching scorch chop wood , drink beer , and talk with the men of the pack while kids ran around the garden .
inhaling the air , nick smelled something wonderful and fresh like the roses in his garden .
clara tried to ignore him , chewing and staring off to her left to look around the garden .
i cut some roses out of the garden for the table .
he left the house , going out the door that led into the garden .
dawn stopped in the garden .
jake walked beside them out toward the garden .
they passed couples on their way deeper into the garden .
she let go of his arm to look around at the rest of the garden .
` ` we met in his library and had sex in his garden .
the garden was being turned into a garden fit for a queen .
the garden was being turned into a garden fit for a queen .
she sat back thinking about his possession that night in the garden .
she had n't known how much he 'd drunk that night in the garden .
she opened the door leading out into the garden .
` ` i ' ve been working on it when patrick has been out or in the garden . ''
jennifer glanced over at them and then moved out to the garden .
i wanted to spend time with the woman i met in the garden .
choosing to set the social event of the year in the gardens behind the elegant las vegas hotel , she 'd decorated the marble grotto in white silk with accents of gold .
she wound around a rose garden , stepping over a small rock wall into the vines .
she heard the squeaking of a chair on concrete and tiptoed over to the french doors , peering out into the garden .
jason was n't in the garden , he was n't in the kitchen making breakfast , he had n't left her a note saying he 'd call her later .
she gave the introduction as if she were introducing the two men over tea in the garden , which only seemed to piss travis off more .
he stepped into the open garden area .
the sheer decadence all around her nearly blew her away and she stared at the large garden bathtub with a heavy sigh .
chapter 4 kara let out an audible , heartfelt sigh as she sank deeper into simon 's garden bathtub , the hot water and bubbles covering nearly her entire body , leaving only her head bobbing above the water .
` ` maybe write some dirty words in my zen garden .
he was n't kidding - he actually had one of those little zen gardens , complete with white sand , tiny polished rocks , and miniature wooden rakes .
arriving at marguerite gardens , i walk into the rustic shop .
betty , from marguerite gardens , is having a few arrangements delivered for you to look at , '' he says .
` ` there 's a huge garden and a victorian grotto built entirely out of clinker under this huge glazed dome . ''
no , scratch that - he was in the garden of f**king eden and jen was standing before him , dangling the forbidden apple under his nose .
the place was nothing to brag about , but it was pretty and clean , and even though the backyard was small , it was big enough that she could plant a garden back there .
no garden or flowers or bird feeders or any of the fun things she and the twins had put in their own yard .
` ` are you gon na make our garden pretty ? ''
` ` you made our garden pretty ! ''
the vagina is a mysterious garden that- '' he did n't get to finish the thought because dylan had keeled over in a fit of laughter .
` ` the vagina is a mysterious garden that requires a lot of tending .
` ` told your mom i 'd help her in the garden around eight .
she 'd spent a wonderful morning on the ranch working in the garden with arlene and then taking a long walk on the ramsey property with evie , but the second she and jackson had driven into abbott creek 's downtown core , the fun atmosphere evaporated into a cloud of friction .
` ` mom 's been helpin ' tiff in the garden , '' shane said quietly .
they care that we can suck a golf ball through a garden hose and make them come in two point two seconds flat . ''
it 's a two - thousand acre , dusty , barren strip of nevada desert , but the three sprawling , english manor houses and the forty or fifty acres around them - marchant 's got them looking like the garden of eden .
the wall on my right has turned from stone to glass , and i realize i ' m approaching the atrium : a glass - walled garden in the middle of the octagonal house .
i let my mind linger on cross 's troubles only for a moment before i hurry past the atrium , knowing everyone standing in the glass - framed garden is probably making out or gossiping in cliques .
i ' m reminded of my hugo readings as i notice the stone wall rising ten or fifteen feet above the drive , on my right side ; a fountain featuring mermaids , lit with spotlights ; bird baths ; benches ; gardens .
back on the first floor , we exit out a side door and follow a shaded stone walkway around a small garden .
the egg - shaped pool is crisscrossed by thousands of globe lights strung between the main house and the garden house .
since i ' ve forbidden drop - bys to my garden house behind the three main love inc . buildings , it 'd probably be a while before i was found .
lots of lights and pools that glow and other lights , and umbrellas and stuff hanging over gardens , and i see some dancers wearing feathers on their butts and i think i saw a waterfall peeking through the brush .
there 's this lighted path , and we drive down it , and then we 're standing in front of this zen - ish garden place , and there 's a bunch of tropical trees and a stone path and tables with candles where people are eating stuff that smells good , kind of like tuna , and my guide is biding me au revoir .
after aiming missy - meredith , she said her real name is - toward the main house , i hurry around the pond , to my garden house , and slam the door .
` ` i ' m so sorry , '' she says , stepping back , onto a little garden path .
they toss a cursory glance my way but keep moving toward the garden .
i do interior design , but i ' ve got a client on the books in may who is interested in a formal garden .
the second was the enormous spiraling hedge maze in the rear garden .
as we walked towards the mansion i noticed a small red mud - brick house built into the garden .
i ' ve touched the eiffel tower , and i ' ve taken one of those bateau buses along the seine , and i ate croissants in the tuileries gardens . ''
` ` i do n't believe in true love , or valentine 's day ... or fairies at the bottom of the garden . ''
` ` okay ... we were in the secret alcove at the bottom of the garden ... '' ` ` what alcove ? ''
` ` we have a secret sex alcove at the bottom of the garden ? ''
the moment they entered the main dining area , a handsome young man in white pants and a black shirt escorted them through an indoor container garden of tall palms in gilded cache pots to a small private table at the back of the restaurant .
* * * * chapter seventeen bane the old woman with long silver hair was down on her knees in the garden plucking plump strawberries from a bush , when i approached her from behind .
as anne drove behind carla up the street , she saw families outside in their yards either working on their lawns and flower gardens or tossing around balls and frisbees .
a well maintained shrub and flower garden filled with azalea and potentilla bushes , blue lobelia , red impatiens , purple and white petunias , red astilbes , and several other annuals anne could nt name followed the sidewalk that led to the front door of the red brick building from the smaller parking lot .
your mother is down in the flower garden , and your dad is in his study watching a ball game .
i do nt believe that invisible pixies populate gardens , or that aliens spend their time cruising the skies looking for the worlds most intellectually challenged individuals to deliver messages of goodwill and try out their latest in probes .
neat garden , peeling paint on the window sills , elderly peugeot in the driveway .
so when the commotion kicked off across the road , everyone came out into their front gardens to see what was happening .
they were both outside in their rubble - strewn front garden .
the garden out front was overgrown , the windows dirty with paint peeling in long untidy strips from the window sills .
the house looked much the same on the outside , except the garden was much tidier , and the window frames had been freshly painted .
it was known that way , because of its lack of treatment that made it distant from the ideal concept of a garden .
marina composed herself , returned to the garden and headed to room number six .
her eyes searched the area outside and focused on the side - walk next to the avenue garden .
marina semi shut her eyes , trying to center the image , but she could nt visualize any better ; the shrubs and trees of the garden , combined with the distance between them , did nt facilitate the task .
they descended the staircase of the arcade and reached the old garden in front of her home .
marina hastened to cross the school garden to the back of the canteen .
when the bell rang , marina asked lucas to wait in the school garden .
joshua nodded without looking at her and kept walking , while she ran to the door that gave access to the school garden .
closing my eyes , i go to my peaceful place : my grandmothers garden .
the streets , canopied by the hundred - year - old oak trees , reveal meticulous gardens and pristine stone buildings .
the gardens outside are in full bloom now .
` ` i was out gathering food from our little garden and heard a shriek .
that she went to the garden and had come home to find them missing .
only that she was alone in her garden when she heard a scream and then yelling .
lets take a walk in the garden , away from kiddie eyes .
once there , they entered a garden encircled by wrought iron and a green hedge .
but lets walk about the garden .
now , as she escorted him through the garden toward the gates , he dreaded to leave her without further exploration of what she meant to him .
we did nt want to disturb anyone , so we decided it was best that i bring her body out into the garden and bury it .
then , it ll be me in the garden or the rubbish bin instead of both of us .
then she saw those intimidating iron gates , the front garden covered with a thin layer of wet snow , and the gothic - style building that was a small companion to the church next to it .
maybe it was an inexpensive piece of jewelry , or some fresh flowers from the garden .
there were only three things he was proud of , and they were his home , his garden , and his writing .
he spent most of his spare hours in that room , though when the weather was pleasant he would be in the garden .
now winter had arrived , and everything in the garden had perished .
she often spent time with her friends in the garden , sharing tea under a gazebo .
they were on a dirt road surrounded by cottages with large front gardens when franz stopped .
i personally do nt give a damn , he replied , as set his luggage in the wet grass in one of the unfenced gardens and laid down .
that morning , while raking up dead leaves in the back garden , she felt tears welling up her eyes again .
they had more than enough flowers in their garden , but she did nt complain .
you know , you should nt be working in the garden like that , especially in your condition .
later on , caitlin planted more flowers in the garden while christian played in his sand box .
by the next morning , news of their arrival had spread into the village and curious children were sneaking into the back garden to catch a glimpse of them .
but the fear turned into laughter when anya and alice decided to play with them in the garden .
the game of tag was such a success that alice invited the little mites to come to the gardens any time they wanted to .
a farmer named channing came to the castle to collect his son , one of the children in the garden .
he had planned to leave her to her bath , break his fast with her and escort her to the garden to discuss about the kingdom .
i leave him a message upon the old tree in the garden .
anya felt the bark of the old , gnarled tree in the middle of the azarmonian garden .
i found a garden in front of their house .
chapter four : gratitude we had our first day of practice in yhannas garden .
in the middle of the garden .
instead she went to her garden .
i found myself in the garden .
i am standing alone in her garden .
when i am about to go home , yhanna please me to stay for a five minutes she grab my hands and i ve walked to her garden and we sat for a long minutes there .
i supported her as she walked straight when we are already in a beautiful garden , i let her speak .
we are in a garden full of different flowers .
actually this is not really a garden , but a meadow i called different shops to put and add flowers on it .
because whenever i m your house i can see myrtles everywhere and in your garden myrtles , that s the only flower i afford .
their father was one of the local bank managers and james along with countless other boys in the area had all played in their very big wooded garden in stowupland road .
and all of our vegetables are fresh from the garden .
mr . massler liked to entertain in that huge garden at their house , and he had my parents redesign it for them , about a year before his wife was arrested .
i worked contentedly in marlys kitchen , mixing several varieties of lettuce from her garden and sending michael for other ingredients .
while i waited for michael to bring me some tomatoes , i put together balsamic vinaigrette dressing , leaning out onto the back deck to pull leaves from lukes potted herb garden .
` ` so you like my garden , janet ? ''
well , buddy , i really did think about planting a maple tree , but tommy in the garden department said the growing season and soil here are nt right for maples .
the women decided it was time to work in the garden , clean the chicken house , straighten up and clean the barn , and take care of the new calves .
i d rather work in the garden than gather eggs any time .
i m not much good working in the garden .
all i raise in a garden is a good sweat , she laughed .
true friends are the beautiful flowers in gods garden of life .
as they walked out of the side door of the lobby , they entered a maze of twisting pathways leading off in several directions through formal gardens with manicured lawns , large white marble statues , and animal shaped topiary shrubs .
hand in hand , they walked along the garden path to a small caf next to the main lobby .
their brochure listed tennis courts , swimming pools , bird watching in their formal garden , golf , and billiards , buddy answered .
each had a patch of front garden , most of which , like teddys , was bereft of greenery and merely used as either access to the basement or as a storage area for bicycles , dustbins and anything else the occupants did not want to lug up the steep steps .
it fell steadily on the grey slate roofs , filling up the drainpipes and emptying out into the street , it trickled down the window panes , shut tight , closed to the outside world , it gathered on the sills and dripped into the cottage gardens , soaking the rows of dahlias and roses , it blew up the hill , past the village shop , with its red victorian post box set deep into the wall , it lashed at a last minute shopper , flattening her hair into wet , lank streaks , pulling at her raincoat and running down her wet stockings onto her sodden shoes .
the boy looked wistfully out at the garden where a pair of muddy football boots and an equally muddy ball lay abandoned .
take your plate into the kitchen then you can go into the garden .
october 1990 chapter 6 : for richer for poorer he was working in bristol that weekend , she had decided not to go with him because she had some leather skirts to finish for a new boutique that had opened in convent garden .
she had arranged to meet jenny at starbucks in covent garden , she was taking her to meet a new client , the wife of a well - known playwright .
she watched as her children rushed through the yard and into the garden .
she hoped the river was not rising too quickly , some years the bottom part of their garden flooded but the water had never risen as far as the house .
as they descended towards the river she could see , that although the garden was awash with mud and stones and many of her plants were completely flattened , the water had not reached the house .
this house , with its rambling garden and the ducks that came each morning to the jetty to be fed , epitomised her happy marriage .
she looked at the list and her tears began to flow , dropping onto the paper and smudging the carefully scripted words , up until now her to do lists had been about inconsequential items , clean bathroom cupboards , pick up dry - cleaning , go to garden centre , they did not contain these life changing events .
palm trees lined a garden of immaculate lawns and carefully cultivated hibiscus and alongside the kidney shaped pool were garden chairs and tables neatly set out under a large white canopy .
palm trees lined a garden of immaculate lawns and carefully cultivated hibiscus and alongside the kidney shaped pool were garden chairs and tables neatly set out under a large white canopy .
i want my own house and my own garden .
margery always arranged her visits so that they could slip down to her favourite bistro in covent garden and have lunch together .
it should be very easy to sell , he said as they exited by the back door and walked through the vegetable garden .
the garden has , but not the house .
if she sold it and moved to a modern semi in mollys lane as mary was suggesting she would have less room and no garden to speak of .
we have a very nice housing estate going up just outside high wycombe , three bedrooms , two bathrooms , small garden , double garage .
she ushered margery through the house and into the garden , where a small group of women were sitting drinking wine .
brians very fond of the garden , said julie .
they had switched off all the main lights in the garden so as not to attract any insects and had to make do with the light of the moon , its pale reflection lit up the distant sea and cast a gentle light around them .
sorry i m a bit late , she said as julie led her through to the garden .
ah , but that s not the same , there are no nice doggy smells in my garden .
they were sitting in the garden when margery arrived , under the shade of a thick wisteria that twisted its way along and over the stone pergola like a blue cloud , heavy heads of blossom hung down , inverted bells , infusing the air with their fragrance .
the chatter of the womens voices drifted across to her , their animation evident in the rising cadence , there was a brief pause as julie called : over here marge , were in the garden .
no , i told harry i would nt be long and anyway i ve left jess in the garden .
the two friends took their drinks out into the garden and sat on the low wall that separated the patio from the vegetable garden .
the two friends took their drinks out into the garden and sat on the low wall that separated the patio from the vegetable garden .
it was the end of june , the weather was very hot and sultry and tom was lying on the sun bed in the garden , revising for the last of his exams .
she cooked the usual roast from time to time , because that was toms favourite , but she also made game pies in the winter , or a boeuf a la mode , swimming in gravy and surrounded by vegetables from their own garden , she cooked the traditional dishes such as lancashire hotpot and irish stew , french cassoulet and steak and kidney pie .
he was not aware that tom had a metal pin in his right arm after falling out of the apple tree in jimmys back garden when he was ten years old , he did not know that tom had been the centre forward for the school team when they won the inter - schools challenge two years before , he knew nothing of his sons life and nothing about his aspirations .
his room overlooked the garden , he could see the dog , rooting beneath an olive tree .
i want to move out of london , find a house with a garden .
it had been a wrench to sell it but as she explained to her disappointed children this was going to be a new stage in her life , she no longer needed so much space and did not want to spend all her time looking after the garden .
chapter 2 leaning over the railing that ran around the rooftop garden , i was awestruck by the fabulous view -- the expanse of lake michigan and the incredible skyline that defines the windy city .
lake michigans deep blue waters spread out on another side of the garden .
the garden itself was enchanting , with deep , green - purple vines covering the red brick walls and snaking around dozens of pots , filled with flowers .
i looked around at the garden of vines and dried flowers that twinkled like a fairyland .
the garden was just preparing to go to sleep for the winter .
so instead she grabbed his hand and led him out in to the garden and an old wooded bench that was propped up by the garden shed .
unfortunately she was not aware that matthew had included a few pieces of statue that he had found in the garden shed .
gardens ringed the building , packed with flowering plants .
they both sought the comfort of hadjas secret garden tonight .
the innkeeper delivered barrels of beer just the day before , and shed heard vane order a garden gleaning only that morning .
as my buddy dev mackenzie always says , no one ever promised you a rose garden .
i even have a rose garden along one side of the house .
two - story residences loomed on both sides of marys interior garden , but emma saw no betraying movement in the heavy window coverings and she heard not a hint that anyone occupied the interiors of the dwellings .
with him in the lead , they quickly retraced her original route down the length of the interior garden wall .
father everett continued as he led cisco to the far side of the church garden .
she sighed heavily as she looked at the people mingling in the church garden .
shed rather tend the garden that was nt hers to tend to anymore , than stand around and wait for the man to get back .
they 're covered in ivy , like the entrance to some enchanted garden in a fairy tale , and i have no doubt the family paid a small fortune to their landscapers to create that wild , overgrown look .
the screen gives me a number of options , everything from garden party to riding .
for his sixtieth birthday , he hired a bunch of stunt actors to help him recreate his favorite scenes out in the garden .
this is like something out of a storybook , i say , moving deeper into the garden .
it 's a garden , miss lily , she says .
i was in a garden like this only a few days agominus the cat , admittedlyand i 'd thought it was one of the most beautiful places i 'd ever seen .
there s no mention of our argument in the garden , either .
i ve been thinking more about our argument in the garden .
i m expanding the vegetable garden as well , but you re going to have to manage it after its planted .
he expanded the kitchen garden too .
the extras from the vegetable garden can be taken into town and sold .
to add to this jubilation , the fields were high with corn , and my kitchen garden burst with delicious vegetables .
mrs . hermosa was outside , weeding the vegetable garden , while we waited for news .
mrs . hermosa had come in from the garden , and i had told her about franks diagnosis .
its pretty , with a small garden out front .
` ` and that pulled in the house and garden money . ''
` ` that pulled in house and garden and bookstores and it grew from there .
we have the garden extension , the rooms built off the kitchen , the old servants ' quarters .
the sewing room was at the end of the hall , to the right of the door that led out to the garden .
a line of lush trees marched toward the meditation gardens , which butted up against the practice yard .
naomi felt like eve in the garden of eden .
gray took a bite and savored the blended tastes of butter , fresh garlic and parsley picked straight from the garden .
that was where the well - known chain restaurants , like red lobster , chilis , and olive garden were located .
there was no one around , just the two of us in that corridor , in front of a large window , beyond which was one of the hospitals courtyards , with its chairs , tables , and garden of plants .
chapter 14 brandons house was a mediterranean style two - story mansion , complemented by lush gardens and classic la palm trees .
i can see why , the sight of the small garden waterfall flowing into the pool could keep anyone serene .
a woman walking through the small garden to the right of the lot was the only person close enough to see his face , but she was busy looking down at her own feet , seemingly too absorbed by her own troubles to concern herself with him .
there s still a little time before we have to make our way to the garden .
they were the ones scattered around the perimeter of the garden looking away from the ceremony .
when the pile had burned down far enough to be level with the brick wall of the pit , paige took the garden hose off the circular rack that was mounted to the side of the house , turned on the spigot and sprayed the fire until even the enormous cloud of white smoke had dissipated into the black night .
she did nt bother to wind the hose up and properly put it away , like denmari had always insisted on ; instead she simply turned off the water , tossed it into the grass and took off across the yard for a walk through the garden , uncaring of the late hour and the dark .
her fingers trailed along the maze - like hedges that made up the garden and every so often she stopped to sniff at the white bell shaped blooms that popped out here and there .
when her mother had been alive , she had tended the garden by herself , devoting long hard hours to the design and care and upkeep of the vast space .
had she been left to tend her mothers beautiful garden , the entire mass of green life that surrounded her would have probably committed plant suicide within a month .
not stopping to think , i bolted through the neighbour 's garden and around the corner of their garage .
it overlooked a large manicured garden .
i raced through the garden towards what i hoped would be a driveway .
he stayed close to the parked cars and garden fences , seeking as much coverage as possible .
if the weather lets up tomorrow , maybe you could take her for a walk in the gardens .
no back garden vegetable patches ?
i m vaguely aware that they are talking about amber and john is mentioning how andrew always talks about their finding serenity reuniting with loved ones in the peaceful gardens .
the idea of the garden of eden vanished a long time ago and it was nt because a serpent thrust the apple down eves throat .
she worked with her mother in the garden that grew alongside her family hut on most days , but she also went with her father to hunt for meat .
jethro headed for the shady , garden restaurant , which luckily was empty of other patrons at this time of day .
the approach of the waiter into the garden was the only thing that saved her from melting onto the ground and begging for immediate consummation .
he felt like satan himself in the garden of eden as he stared at the juice running down her chin .
if the forbidden fruit in the garden of eden tasted half as good as this , i do nt blame adam and eve for giving in to temptation .
he sounded like the serpent in the garden , his voice tempting her to act against her will .
another day , they spent at the zoo and then the dallas arboretum and botanical garden .
how do you feel about walking through the japanese gardens ?
so what brought you into the japanese gardens ?
that s when i saw the fenced in garden , and my instincts told me to go in , and all the noises stopped .
finn led me into the entrance of the japanese garden , well this is it .
i could not name a single plant in the garden , but it was exactly what i would imagine a tranquil setting in japan would look like .
the water feature ran through the entire garden , and its quiet gurgle hushed the sounds of students milling about on the mall .
not that saturdays were exceptionally busy on campus , but there was still noise when students were present , except in the garden .
deeper into the garden we found a secluded corner with a stone bench , shaded by some tall trees .
could we perhaps take a round through the garden ?
chapter 14 lynna remained indoors for the next four days , only venturing outside to stroll through her garden late in the evening when the big house was quiet .
after breakfast i m going to work in my flower garden .
the small , manicured trees and flower gardens could have been cut from a magazine .
chapter one if love were a garden , dating would be the weed killer .
i brought some examples of green roofs and rain gardens you should find helpful to reduce rainwater run - off .
elizabeth is the author of the new york times bestselling book series if life were a garden .
the fourth book in this series is her latest entitled weeding your garden .
lisa turned toward elizabeth and said , i love the idiom of referring to our walk through life as a garden .
he pulled out his ipad and turned it on saying , i ve been working on something i want to run past you now that your garden series is complete .
the truck is my bonus for my cover work on the if life were a garden series !
chapter three the return of the captain the only bright spot in the drudgery of kyrahs life was the rare opportunity to sit in the little garden by the cottage .
an ivy - covered stone wall surrounded the garden , which could be entered through a wooden gate .
a little ditch of water ran under the wall , through the garden , and out again beneath the opposite wall .
but she could come here to the garden and lose herself , if only briefly .
i believe i left my book in the garden .
kyrah set the basket down and walked out the side door to the little walled garden behind the cottage .
knowing she could nt possibly find her voice even if she knew what to say , she turned away and quickly left the garden .
she would sit in the walled garden whenever shed find any bit of time for herself , and i knew she was missing you .
he knew she must have carried the water from the well , and he suspected she had recently dug the vegetables herself as he recalled seeing neat rows of plants on the opposite side of the cottage from the walled garden .
they returned to find sarah sitting in the walled garden , reading .
kyrah stood and walked listlessly about the garden , and sarah followed her , pointing out the progress of some odd flower growing in the corner .
the last time i saw it , ritcherd was holding it in the garden .
books by anita stansfield byrnehouse - davies & hamilton contemporary series first love and forever 1994 first love , second chances 1995 now and forever 1996 by love and grace 1996 a promise of forever 1997 home for christmas 1997 trevor family saga , contemporary return to love 1997 to love again 1998 when forever comes 1998 a christmas melody 1998 for love alone 1999 byrnehouse - davies & hamilton historical prequel series the gable faces east 1999 the three gifts of christmas 1999 gables against the sky 2000 gables of legacy , six volumes , contemporary ( continuing story of byrnehouse - davies & hamilton family ) volume i , the guardian 2002 volume ii , a guiding star 2002 volume iii , the silver linings 2003 volume iv , an eternal bond 2003 volume v , the miracle 2003 volume vi , full circle 2005 the buchanan saga , four volumes , historical the captain of her heart 2004 captive hearts 2004 the captains angel 2004 hearts crossed 2005 dance series ( keane - morrison family ) , contemporary timeless waltz 2005 a time to dance 2006 dancing in the light 2006 a dance to remember 2006 barrington family saga , four volumes , historical volume i , in search of heaven 2007 volume ii , a quiet promise 2007 volume iii , at heaven 's door 2007 volume iv , promise of zion 2008 the jayson wolfe story , five volumes , contemporary the sound of rain 2008 a distant thunder 2008 the winds of hope 2009 shelter from the storm 2009 the silence of snow 2009 the dickens inn series , five volumes , contemporary volume i , the best of times 2009 volume ii , a far , far better place 2010 volume iii , a loving heart 2010 volume iv , tranquil light 2010 volume v , every graceful fancy 2010 shadows of brierley , four volumes , historical volume i , the wanderer 2011 volume ii , a far horizon 2011 volume iii , a distant shore 2011 volume iv , in the valley of the mountains 2011 other historical titles towers of brierley ( prequel to shadows of brierley series ) , 2000 where the heart leads , 2001 when hearts meet , 2001 emma , woman of faith : a biographical novel , 2008 passage on the titanic , 2012 other contemporary titles a star in winter , 2000 someone to hold , 2002 the wishing garden , 2012 nonfiction reflections , a collection of personal essays 2002 blogging to the dead by elizabeth brown copyright 2015 smashwords edition gone november 10th penelope am someone once said were born alone and we die alone .
i saw the for sale sign , the shed , an overgrown flower garden .
xoxo reconciliation and the murderer july 23rd penelope i wonder when your parents are going to trim their bushes and weed the garden .
they even started a garden on the side of the yard .
so i asked her if she had a garden .
the flower garden is wilted and dried .
everyone kept a garden and a hen house .
fireworks were exploding at parks all over the city : from the children 's garden to the tuileries , from the heights of the hills of chaumont to the luxembourg garden , and even from all three levels of the eiffel tower .
fireworks were exploding at parks all over the city : from the children 's garden to the tuileries , from the heights of the hills of chaumont to the luxembourg garden , and even from all three levels of the eiffel tower .
his house was in the center of the garden of luxembourg , near the pool where the children sailed their wooden boats .
disgusted , he pushed his way through the crowd and headed for the peace of his outside garden and a good cigar .
the gardens of the bagatelle had been stripped to provide flowers for the parade ; asters of all colors , jacobs trumpets , roses were scattered in the street .
trent turned her toward the doors leading to the gardens before they reached the lydells .
they followed the few steps down into the garden and stopped before a fountain .
mr . devalle spun her again , and before she recognized his intent , he d led her completely off the path and into the dark recesses of the garden .
the harris list of covent garden ladies , that wickedly witty annual register of the city 's lightskirts , was once a london tradition .
sliding open a glass door , i slipped out to the rooftop garden and leaned on the wrought iron railing that stood between me and certain death 18 stories below .
she loved the tree - lined streets with the cottage gardens and the graceful , villa - style houses .
it was an extremely fancy looking place with glass doors that you could see practically to the other side of the building with and a beautiful garden lining the outside area .
think of your mind like a garden .
` ` in the garden of eden , there once grew a rose .
my darlin ' , you are the rose that can not grow tall among the lilies and blooms of the garden .
such a rose of your beauty , must grow alone on a hill , to reign over the world , not a garden . ''
ryce 's song went on to describe his doomed search for that perfect flower in a garden .
it was a rose so familiar , that had been strengthened by the storms that existed outside of the garden .
it 's beauty was perfection , for it had rooted in ground that nurtured no competition like that in the garden .
the garden then spilled from where it belonged .
that 's why , they said , the garden followed him home , but the rose remained his idea of perfection .
` ` the rose was perfect in the garden , but outside the garden it became a tree that never stopped growing .
` ` the rose was perfect in the garden , but outside the garden it became a tree that never stopped growing .
from there it was another short jump down to the grass of the back garden .
its set back a ways in a clearing , there s a patch of garden that goes from the side yard to the forest .
she can catch up the taxes and the place is hers , mary march said simply , the house , the garden and all that goes with it .
she wandered back toward the house , past the runaway garden , the leaves of the old plants were huge and the twining vines seemed to move , the heavy sunflower heads turned to watch her , she was almost certain .
pop would tend the garden and gather plants for his experiments and fletcher , quinton and i would play in the house , we know every nook and cranny .
he gave her a quick glance and a smile that caused a burst of pleasure down deep in her belly , and as he passed the garden she could ve sworn the plants vibrated at his nearness .
she worked to pull some weeds and untangle a clutch of vines in the cutting garden only to find new sprouts spring up immediately in their place .
one day a big white rooster joined her , strutting his stuff around the garden and pulling fat worms from the soft earth .
lots of tulips in the garden ( you know they re expensive ) , a large front gate , an antique moroccan door , and a lovely living room will greet you as you walk in .
along the back of the building bloomed a garden of early roses .
open and airy , with windows everywhere that looked out at beautiful garden structures and carefully chosen evergreens , the cure cottagewhich the sisters had dubbed ` ` little wren '' was the envy of the community , the best of all the cottages , and would be much sought after , once the sisters vacated it in a few days .
but when she returns and joins forces with her two siblings to try to save shore gardens , the failing family nursery , she finds that she has n't left the past behind at all .
once they d even snatched a few kisses in a dark garden , kisses so hot she had nt felt the snow falling about them .
like a garden folly ?
sebastian nodded , but kept his eyes out into the darkness of lady wintersons snowy garden .
pre - order the first in her new covent garden cubs series , earls just want to have fun , coming in february 2015 .
sensing her presence , he stopped under one of the many trees that lined the gardens of roderics estate .
standing under the tree , which shed now discovered was actually part of a very nice front garden ; georgie watched as her hopes of having sex for the first time washed down the gutter on a sea of white .
he taught her about the secrets of old : the secrets in the garden of eden .
* * * * sam sat on a stone bench out in the gardens , watching the lights from the reception hall reflect in the dark pond .
dad said , i ' m just going to walk in the garden for a bit .
her grandmother lived in a small neat house on a quiet circle , with a big garden full of knick - knacks .
it looked like a grandma kind of place , although when i got close enough i saw that the garden gnomes were actually more like gargoyles , odd - shaped with twisted creepy faces .
i had to fetch esther from a neighbor 's vegetable garden last time .
i never , ever go anywhere without a bottle of this stuff and a garden full of veggies , he teased as he wiggled the cork out of the bottle and filled the glasses .
the fact i had a sudden urge to check out the herb garden ?
he crossed the small herb garden to stand close .
we d spoken a grand total of three times : during introductions , at my shack when shed seen me naked and in the herb garden .
jack barely glanced up from weeding the vegetable garden .
` ` they 'll probably have to bring everything indoors , which is too bad because nora has such beautiful flower gardens .
tiernan rambled on , talking of his father 's unrelenting work ethic , whether his mother was finally going to succeed in setting up his older brother with a bride of her choice , and how much furniture he 'd be roped into moving for his mother , who would no doubt be in a state due to the snow in her prized flower gardens .
i emerged from the castle into an opulent garden with clumps of trees , beautiful flowers , and twisting paths that disappeared into thick greenery that went on and on .
chapter 20 i roamed around the garden , passing deeper and deeper into the beauty that surrounded me .
rounding a patch of trees , i came upon an occupied bench , buried deep in the garden .
the guards opened the doors for me , right on cue and i slipped out into the garden .
i ran straight to the place in the garden where i d found nikolas .
the rain was still pounding along with my heart as we rounded the shrubs and the doorway to the castle garden came into view .
tonight , the stormy sky above cast eerie shadows as i follow cat into the center of the tropical gardens .
we reach the end of the gardens , and cat types a sequence of numbers into a pad butted up against a corner wall , and a hidden door hisses open .
we pump extra oxygen into the gardens , she explains once the door behind us seals itself shut .
you mentioned that the tropical gardens are opened to the public , yes ?
now , however , he pauses as if he s consulting his watch , i need you to make ready the gardens .
i wonder if he s referring to whatevers happening in the gardens tonight .
always ready to serve roland , even if it means taking out the trash , or , as the case tonight might be , getting me ready in time for the event in the gardens .
we reach the end of the hallway , near the door to the gardens , and i can hear the buzz of a hundred voices talking at once .
during this time , we catch snippets of conversation from inside the gardens .
book ones scene involves rahda and cat near the end of the book ( chapter 23 ) where cat helps rahda dress for the ceremony in the gardens .
maybe not the castle - that had been an obsession of his dad 's , he could see that now - but everything else about the vineyard , the gardens , and especially the older vines he 'd helped his father plant near the south slope .
when she reached the house , neither the hummingbirds hurrying to gather sips of nectar from her overgrown garden nor the soft breeze drifting across her patio and out to the rolling hills eased her .
during the following week , he found that he was postponing or cancelling appointments with clients , so he could take eilish to lunch or to covent garden .
and off to the left , a perfect spot for a garden .
that included giving the place visual appeal with flowers and tending to the tiny potted garden shed introduced to the center .
that this place needs a garden .
a garden .
a section of colorful garden decorations charmed her and she was caught by the sound of twinkling wind chimes .
we can make the best garden in the whole town , maddy said with another smile .
the whitewashed building with a red corrugated tin roof stood shaded by trees and surrounded by a garden .
welcome to the garden of eden .
well , somebodys burning down the garden , she yelled over the roar of a plane taking off .
behind huge guarded walls sat white mansions surrounded by acres of lawn and well - kept flower gardens .
red rose bushes bloomed in a garden turned wild , weeds choking the flower beds .
the colonialists had turned it into the garden of eden , she thought , remembering what simon had called it .
she waved to joseph as he walked down a path to the left of the garden .
they stopped next to a fountain in the garden .
the office had a beautiful view of a walled garden , where american soldiers patrolled the perimeter .
they walked up a road , past a garden with big yellow sunflowers and turned left , hiding in a partially burnt building .
someone had made an effort to plant a vegetable garden .
it was a picture of the children standing in a garden surrounded by flowers .
joseph stood leaning against a tree in the garden watching them from a distance .
the garden always had flowers .
my professionally landscaped garden has turned into a vegetable patch because i ca nt stand the taste of plastic vegetables .
a giant tree stood shading what used to be the garden .
she hired some workers in town , and the men worked at taming the garden .
she would replant the garden with flowers and she would buy some horses .
she preferred to stand , looking out over the garden at the newly planted flower beds , the freshly turned earth a dark brown against the new green of the small plants .
she had spent a week on the garden , planting the flowers herself .
elizabeth had brought most of them over from her garden .
that was saying something at madison square garden .
her spectacular house overlooked the sea and had an english garden and brick patios .
she started the car and they drove the mile or so to the gardens parking lot .
the gardens comprised about fifty acres of green space in the middle of campus , a natural park that included flowerbeds and paths , ornamental bushes and imported trees , fountains and ponds , a large gazebo used for outdoor weddings and ceremonies , an amphitheater - shaped grassy hillside for concerts , as well as several open fields for recreation and lounging .
after their discussion about washing , jenny led abigail to a large garden behind the cabin and placed ty on a blanket with some wooden toys .
she could milk a cow , collect eggs from cranky hens , tend a vegetable garden , saddle and ride a horse , shoot a gun , and a dozen other things she 'd never considered before .
outside , as the dawn nudged the darkness from the sky , she noticed the garden looked different .
i got out a shovel and chose a spot for the new flower garden .
i got out the hose and watered my lovely new garden .
instead of enjoying the garden together , i had to put him straight to bed .
as he walked to his nissan , he took one look at my colorful garden and said with a cheeky grin , way to kill the grass , beth .
come on , lets check the garden .
we need to leave , i protest , but she vanishes into the garden .
i ran down one of the paths and past a patient garden , where a few of the elderly patients gave me disapproving and curious looks .
and then shed go outside into her garden cause she kept herself a little vegetable garden outside where she growed peas and corn and tomatoes and such like , that she fixed up and made people eat from time to time not that she needed to , cuz tween her food stamps from being so poor , and all the food that my folks and all my uncles and aunts brought over and my daddy always taking her shopping .
and then shed go outside into her garden cause she kept herself a little vegetable garden outside where she growed peas and corn and tomatoes and such like , that she fixed up and made people eat from time to time not that she needed to , cuz tween her food stamps from being so poor , and all the food that my folks and all my uncles and aunts brought over and my daddy always taking her shopping .
its like they went shopping every blessed day well , between all that shopping and the garden , an seein how they dint have nothin else to do sides eat , those were two big ol wiggly piggly granmas i had .
but granma lucymae 'd go out into the garden sos she would nt have to listen to granma bettylou callin from her bed .
and one day when granma lucy mae was outside in her garden hunkering down in the dirt like some old taffeta hog rooting in the soil , and granma bettylou was setting up her balling , i did something bad .
~~~ a garden with 85 aches be4 the poetree reading me and richard was going to a botanical garden with 85 aches .
~~~ a garden with 85 aches be4 the poetree reading me and richard was going to a botanical garden with 85 aches .
richard did not want to go to the garden or the greek festival or even the poetry slam and i realized that he was born 98 years old .
~~~ i finally get to where were going watermelon growing on a vine , tick swelling at a dogs neck , water baloon being filled up at a garden hose or being blowed up at a party by a kid who ai nt gon na stop till the baloon bursts , tire being pumped full till its ready to x - plode , watermelon on two spindly vines , elephant on two stork legs , great queen ant swelling up with a million eggs , goodyear blimp floating above the earth , connected only with feeding tubes , beach ball rolling along on the waves , sail full with the wind , fat man with all his meals carried in front of him , me possessed by an alien bout ready to burst from my belly , water hose stuck in my mouth an i drunk so much i was swelling up , giant python passing a cow through , puffer fish puffed up at the prick of danger , ( in my case the prick of a prick ) blister all swoll up , clown with pillows stuffed down his pants , hanger with a baby airplane rattling around inside , pod carrying a baby pea , mama kangaroo with a wallaby in her pouch , chipmunk cheeks , pumped - up basketball , winner of the pie eating context , mother earth bout to birth the cosmos , ms . piggy heavy with the cookie monsters love child .
some of the plants in her garden are so strange , people ca nt identify them .
clarys uncle , actually her great - uncle , benjamin thompson , was an elderly expatriate american who spent his days either pottering about his miniscule garden or reading in front of the fire .
its got a big garden tub and one of those showers with sprays coming from almost every direction .
~ ~ ~ clen was in the garden studying for midterms when two nuns wearing long striped aprons and carrying pails and trowels emerged from their wing of the main building .
as the approached , clen recognized thomasina and the sister in charge of the gardens , sister gladys , whom clen had renamed gladiolus .
do you know what i think as i work in the garden ?
after the mass of remembrance , clen went for a walk in the winter - bare garden .
that image had flowed into one of a garden surrounded by walls , with robed figures pacing its perimeter in silence .
she and clen walked in the garden each tuesday and thursday in the hour after breakfast .
~ ~ ~ in the days following the abbesss pronouncement , clen spent mornings in the garden .
mary john walked her over to one of the garden benches , and they sat side by side in silence while clen ordered her thoughts and got her voice to work .
after breakfast , she walked into the garden .
restless , clen wandered from the organized tidiness of the garden into the green and gold disorder of the woods surrounding resurrection .
they were the words gladiolus spoke to comfort thomasina that time in the garden , and in this moment , clen felt as if thomasina was passing that assurance on to her .
we headed outside and looked at the barn and other outbuildings as well as the area that had once contained a flower and vegetable garden .
hey , girl , i live in a little spit of a town that has no grocery store , one combination gas station / convenience store , and yesterday a big old brown cow was standing in my garden , eating my fall bounty !
nathaniel reached for the crucifix around his neck and crossed himself , then he flew to the bottom of the garden to stop him from entering the property .
with a sudden urge to drink water , he licked his lips and stared at a garden hose , though he feared if he turned the tap on , someone would come out and see him .
trembling with an uncontrollable rage , he staggered to the bottom of the garden and leaned against a gum tree .
naturally they would eat outdoors , in an enclosed garden behind a small restaurant that was tucked away in one of rome 's many ancient alleyways .
they led her through to the back which opened onto a delightful garden where sunlight and shade were dappled through an arbor of grape vines and honeysuckle .
they would use these trips to wander the age - old allyways , looking into courtyards , those hidden treasures of roman housing with their gardens , fountains , and even remnants of ancient ruins .
then let 's all go to villa d'este , marco said , there are hundreds of fountains and acres of gardens .
he enjoyed walking around the eclectic garden and looking at the different plots cultivated by past and present residents .
the damaged , concrete garden path with grass sprouting from every crack beckoned him closer .
oeliana had thought to chastise the man who hunted so foolishly in her gardens , who had brought unthinking lovers to her glade uninvited , yet now she found the words would not come .
peter 's canadian homegrown originality has been well - received , with new myths like the ' snow alligators ' , ' the garden party ' , ' lou and stu ' , ' the fishing derby ' , ' the immovable rock ' , or ' the very last apple ' which are poised to become creative milestones and young reader favourites .
he was running a business , and emotions had nothing to do with business , other than the emotion caused from leaving a client with the thrill of a beautiful yard , patio , or garden , and a job well done .
he asked him if they did a lot of work for businesses or mostly for individual homes because his company was moving to a new location and would need to revamp the building and its gardens .
it looks like something you d find in the garden eden . ''
jeff laughed at that trying hard not to imagine sera in a skimpy eve outfit running around the melody court gardens .
they gave me a budget to work with , but the vision i had for the garden did n't require as much money as it did work .
medusa turned again to look out over the garden , but instead found herself standing in the garden .
medusa flew from the side of the fountain , frantically looking at the garden around her .
she paused , taking one more moment to enjoy the splendor of the hidden garden surrounding her before heading back to her room .
the man stood almost as tall as the garden statues and looked to be just as strong .
however , in looking down , she found the garden was now far below them .
medusa asked , gazing at the garden in a daze .
as she opened her eyes to search for the temple stairs , she found herself not in the garden , but lying in her bed .
once the temple was dark , she snuck out to the gardens .
the waters of the fountain never settled , the moonlight was dim , the garden less lush , and a strange chill hung in the air .
medusa 's breath caught in her throat as she stared at her patron goddess and quickly shifted her eyes to the garden floor , humbled to look upon her .
she spent her days clearing the destruction of her temple and tending to what was left of the formerly magnificent gardens .
the only life remaining on thaisaside from her selfwas a small patch of garden .
though she grew bitter and depressed as the months stretched on , her small garden never failed to fill her with a sense of solaceto provide her a tiny moment of peace .
she had slowly grown accustomed to her new body , and with relative ease , medusa slithered through the halls of the temple , making her way across the cool marble floors to the garden .
instead , she hung the gleaming charm around her neck and made her way to the garden .
she pushed it open and moved cautiously down a long aisle of tall shrubs , eventually spilling out into a fragrant and lush garden .
medusa stared to the broken stone flooring of the garden .
her sad little plot had turned into a beautiful and exotic garden bursting with flowers of every kind and color .
much as their masters to medusa 's ever - expanding stone garden .
medusa slithered solemnly toward the back gardens of the demolished temple .
the garden was a gift from her beloved , a place teeming with flora and light .
medusa looked to the flowers of her garden .
chapter twenty connor was nt surprised when he found raven out in the garden again .
it was funny because he did nt have a garden before her arrival .
i wanted to thank you for letting me start the garden .
from up here she had an excellent view of what the city referred to as the emerald necklace , a ring of parks that included the boston common , the public garden and several other parks in the city .
and coming up on our left is the public garden and the boston common , the tour guide said from the front of the vehicle .
if you visit the public garden later , stop by the lagoon and rent a swan boat .
i had in mind something along the lines of beer garden .
naida spent much time in her garden and forest harvesting medicinal plants where she would use her wisdom and knowledge to make others well .
she quickly walked into a secluded part of the garden to count the coinage and was somewhat overwhelmed by the amount .
it was difficult for sarah to act as though nothing was out of the ordinary , especially as elizabeth jealously approached , accusing her , why were you with william in the garden ?
at home , she fed the baby and then sat with him as he slept in his pram in the garden area reading the book .
she looked about the small yard , realizing there was nt much of a garden area to grow herbs , but perhaps she could start small if they were still here next spring .
as she sat there pondering , the captain came out and sat next to her on the garden bench , startling her .
in addition , she managed to grow some feverfew for pain , mullein for infection and st . johns wort for mood in a small herb garden .
with the captain gone , sarah and renny used the time to plant their herb garden .
of course , it is only temporary until we find something bigger , but it works quite well for now , bridget smiled and then suggested , lets take the children out back to the gardens where they can play .
he asked as sarah walked with him out to the gardens .
while arnt helped with the farming , mae whipped the house in shape and sarah tended to the garden .
although sarah wished to maintain a low profile , mae would accompany arnt into town for supplies , bringing seedlings for sarah to grow her herb garden .
sarah was slightly wary , but not overly concerned as she harvested from her vegetable garden while the boys worked the fields .
neat little houses with gabled roofs and flower - filled gardens .
it was contagious , like his smile , which pierced her like the thorny weeds that managed to prick through the garden gloves , only in a sweeter way and much deeper than she would admit it to herself .
cursing herself and deciding not get carried away , she brushed her teeth rather vigorously and chose clothes fit for garden work .
instead , she dreamt of michael and herself walking through a garden full of roses , holding hands .
this morning , mr . thackeray paid me for the garden work .
out of nowhere , she heard herself saying , i enjoyed garden work with you .
i did nt choose to be an artist or spend my life with gardening , art and garden work chose me .
i do garden work for anyone here who wants or needs it .
in the meantime , because you need cash , here are two more suggestions : whenever i have garden work or whatever is my duty here , ill let you help and give you a share of my payment .
so yes , i will move in and i will help you with your garden work .
their garden work .
the courtyard and the garden have turned into a veritable jungle , and animals have taken refuge in them .
part of the faade pulled your eyes to it because strikingly green ivy climbed and crept all over it , arching over the corners of the right hexagon and stretching toward the conservatory that squatted low and light - filled next to the house and was connected to a verandah with white wrought - iron garden furniture .
ivy trellises lined the mansion , extravagant gardens lined the home , and my eyes watered at the steel front doors .
i could see out into the backyard , where a large garden followed a million - dollar pool .
but the garden from the place on the verandah , i could nt see out into the backyard yet .
well be ready to mow the entire garden in a few days .
no wonder he had nt wanted to take me to the garden .
if they ask about the garden ?
did henry show you the garden ?
oh , pep , we never got to see the garden or the pool !
there was a simple path through the middle of the huge garden .
what do you think about going to the garden tonight ?
he was angry , but he nodded to the cook and led me outside into the garden .
chapter fifteen henry and i flirted in the garden for a good hour before returning to the house , where we were bombarded by auntie and papy , who were genuinely concerned about my abrupt leave from dinner .
auntie and greta are at a charity function in the city , and i think nancy and amanda are walking around the garden .
i was surprised when someone grabbed me by the arm , covered my mouth , and dragged me into the garden .
he was in the middle of talking when i kissed him , but he relaxed , and my leg bended like in the romance movies , and we ended up falling in a garden of roses , but who cares ?
with many florists help , they had transformed the room into a japanese garden , with a makeshift koi pond , weeping willows , cherry blossoms , and green , vibrant flowers .
he took graces hand and led her to the trail that went toward the massive flower gardens .
when not writing western romance novels , she can be found out on the trail with her rescue horsesundayor working in her garden that feeds her family nearly all year .
he 'd been looking forward to helping her plant a new flower garden near the back of the house .
the yard had been filled with gorgeous gardens , and the lake was only a short walk from the back yard .
in their place were sophisticated gardens and statues .
sakura knew the moment she stepped out of the bus and onto the neatly paved pathway and exotically beautiful garden that she wanted to be here .
the man ushered the children to the large garden with a gentle , rolling lawn and magnolia trees , where delicious food and sweet drinks waited for them to enjoy .
it was a picture - perfect cottage with a pretty english garden full of roses , lavender , and honeysuckle .
he had said that first day in the garden that painting was like meditation .
she was wearing her very lovely nightdress , like the one shed worn that night he and his brothers had met her in the garden near the pond .
the air was warm and breezy as sakura headed down toward the garden near the pond where mary and peter had their wedding ceremony only that afternoon .
she was deep in thought and was just passing the section of the garden with thick bushes when someone grabbed her arm and pulled her into the darkness .
the reason she could nt sleep was because of that secret kiss last night in the garden by no , do nt think about it , sakura .
it was beautiful , and it reminded her of that night in the garden after shed returned from mary and peters wedding .
sakura moved down and kissed him againpassionately and wildlypouring her heart out for him , telling him of how much she loved him , just like when he d kissed her in the garden that night under the bright moon and whispered the words i love you to her .
high - heels and boots clacked along the tiled floors and vincent slunk along the hall with his black coat blending in like a brown thumb at a garden party .
out in the garden , by the cemetery .
ryan rose and followed dennis into the garden .
maybe during prom , or taking her for a nice moonlit walk in a garden , would be when he asked her .
they left the mansion arm in arm and talked about nothing in particular as they walked until they reached their favorite garden to sit and talk in .
they were at one of her most favorite places in the world , the garden in the park with a large gazebo where shed come and sit for hours to think things through .
she asked , stepping further into the garden towards them .
a few minutes later , he texted back , if i had a rose for every time i thought of you , i d be walking through my beautiful garden forever .
published young adult books include : family blood ties series vampire in denial vampire in distress vampire in design vampire in deceit vampire in defiance family blood ties trilogy : books 1 - 3 design series dangerous designs deadly designs darkest designs design series trilogy standalone in cassie 's corner gem stone published adult books : psychic vision series : tuesday 's child hide'n go seek maddy 's floor garden of sorrow knock , knock ... rare find - coming soon !
instead , a flower garden cropped up on her paper .
they turned the corner into the garden and she pasted a smile on her face .
we exit through a side door made of glassa great place to escape if i need toand walk to the gardens .
i do nt stop to put my clothes on until i reach the gardens .
that second chance series : book one : pulling home book two : the way they were book three : simple riches book four : paradise found book five : not your everyday housewife book six : the butterfly garden pulling home she 'll risk anything to save her childeven the truth pulling home is book one in that second chance series .
the end the butterfly garden is a book with siblings , second chances , and children and emerged from oh christmas tree .
the butterfly garden sometimes love happens when you least expect it ...
the butterfly garden is book six of that second chance series jenny romano has never been a white - picket - fence , happily - ever - after girl .
neglect swept through the overgrown garden laden with weeds .
clear the garden and walkway , then open your eyes and see the love that is there .
someone had cleared the weeds from the path , tended the garden , showered attention .
but fear not , the town is not going to sit by quietly and watch this meant - to - be - together couple lose their happily ever after that second chance series book one : pulling home book two : the way they were book three : simple riches book four : paradise found book five : not your everyday housewife book six : the butterfly garden if you d like to be notified of my new releases , please sign up at http : //www.marycampisi.com .
elizabeth motioned to a stone bench at the edge of the garden .
suzie thought the street was pretty , although given the choice shed have preferred a modern home with lower ceilings , fewer stairs , and a front garden .
ill only use it in the garden , '' said ricky , as suzie slid a dish of cold cauliflower cheese into the microwave .
what was that noise in the garden ?
and then he leapt back into the garden , and the moment he landed on the grass , he looked up .
there was someone in the garden .
nothing but a jumble of forks , spades , rakes and white plastic garden furniture .
the guy was a creep , spying on them , growing drugs in their garden , breaking into their house ; he deserved a broken foot .
what on earth had been going on in the garden ?
the lawn was scarred with muddy trails , half the shrubs were broken , and it looked as if someone had actually tipped the ash out of the garden incinerator and raked it all over the lawn .
sliding on the clay soil and wet grass , she picked her way over the garden .
` ` and carrying all our garden furniture down to the basement for some love - crazed commie to sit on while he fiddles ? ''
suzie called a cab and watched vladie in the garden , scooping up a handful of leaves and chasing after petya .
` ` ca nt you employ him to do the garden ?
she must be garden staff , he thought .
the woman turned away with a shrug and disappeared back into the garden .
i was thinking of some fun things to do plant our garden , try new recipes , maybe we can even plan a vacation , just the two of us .
a huge holiday house was standing in the middle of nothing , it was blindingly white in the dark , it had glaringly by red roof and a small garden with perfectly mowed grass .
in the garden , there was a banana- , an ananas- and a mango - tree .
when they got out of the car in the garden of the house , they were holding each orders hand while was going into the house , where heni upt her clobbers in the living - room .
inside , they were met by the maitre d ' and shown to a lovely table in an outdoor garden .
rolling to his bedroom window he watched harris pushing a tonka truck around a dirt road he 'd carved out and tooty hoeing weeds in her small garden .
besides the picnic and play area he had seen the day before , she had a larger garden than the one she 'd planted when he lived there .
she looked , as usual , at the entrance to the city park of gardens margherita .
meanwhile trombley had stopped at the archway of the building , facing the garden and the fountain gushing in the middle of the circular tank .
* * * emiliana aug.9 , 13:00 ` ` now go alone , i can not take you more '' as his mother pointed , with thin pale hand , the entrance , and she walked in the garden , inside the intricate maze of tall hedges of yew .
then she made the way quickly through the crowd and joined the group that was standing on the sidewalk in front of the public gardens overlooking the sea .
in the black sky , the myriad of bright stars and constellations welcomed him on the steps of the majolica of vietri luxurious hotel with spa garden .
both eyes were lights marking step of the garden over the bay window arched wrought iron .
in his sleep she had lost track of comfortable apartment in the garden adjacent to the spa park .
among the paths of landscaped gardens in the sun , with a high forehead like a renaissance madonna , she smelled the air in emotion .
she was in a hurry to take possession of a corner in the garden , sunbathing and diving .
marco waved from afar meanwhile , the music echoing between the walloons and the garden : she sat down on the chair in cane on the porch of his apartment .
she was punctual and after the visit to the early christian finds , talking while sitting on a bench in the gardens in front of the museum .
she smiled , staring out the kitchen window that looked over the vegetable garden .
outside , the wind shrieked through the canyon , and maddie imagined it clawing ruthlessly through her garden , uprooting the tender plants and dragging them away .
now , on her hands and knees in the rose garden behind her house , she sighed as she found aphids picnicking on the green foliage .
the gate was unlocked , so she ventured into the roughly tended garden .
her eyes perused the garden while she imagined her former partner on his knees with a claw and trowel .
are you enjoying my garden ?
later that morning , she watched papa play with his granddaughters in the garden , their shrill giggles carried by the wind .
a man who could take away theatrical awards for his performance in my garden ?
a smattering of folding chairs had been set up in the garden surrounding the gazebo .
i had the impression of gardens , lots of gardens , amid the high - rise apartments and trendy terrace houses rimming the cbd .
i had the impression of gardens , lots of gardens , amid the high - rise apartments and trendy terrace houses rimming the cbd .
while skyla prepared all the drinks and ran the inside tables , i continued taking the orders and running the tables outside in the garden terrace .
the debris on the streets and gardens and hanging from the houses looked like the software from hundreds of years before in the cathedral hall .
and the rubble on the streets , the software that had lost the will to live , piling in gardens , draping over houses , like the uncleared confetti of victory day , led us to think the people had lost the will to live too .
some workers had peeled the larger cobweb strands off the gardens and were trying to twist them straight and rigid , measuring them against others , cutting them to size , connecting them like corners to make walls and rafters , using small strings to tie them in place .
dusk is breaking over the ocean , which casts long shadows over the entire garden .
he tracked the camera forward , where the crypts appeared as shrunken , windowless replicas of local banks and civic buildings , the garden districts grand mansions .
he held the garden hose and sprayed a fine mist over rachels beloved rose bushes .
for those of you who do nt know who lilith isshe was adams first wife but she refused to lie below him and so was thrown out of the garden of eden .
there was a rich garden complimented by a green , lush yard , and a nice pick - up sat in the driveway .
our house was still a part of the subdivision , but it was located in a separate area lined by magnolia , lush gardens , and a private deck and pool .
it was another southern colonial home , smaller than the old doctors , but with the accompanying trees and mommas garden , it stood out from the clearing .
i noticed the picket fence momma had bought so i could have a garden , just like my mommy .
and with the beautiful man standing in the plush garden in front of my mommas house , i did .
want to go inspect the garden ?
they lived in a small two - story with a neat , trimmed garden .
well , i was about to go check out the front garden .
i followed the directions to a corner lot that held a charming house with a walk - up garden and luxurious backyard .
the mega - mansion was a french chateau , with impressive stone and a marble entryway , plus lush garden surrounded by blue - topped mountains and oak trees .
the wedding would take place east of the beautiful desrosiers garden , where , supposedly , candice fell in love with henry , and/or vice versa .
when they came up to his house , his mother was watering her makeshift flower garden with a rusted , robins egg , watering can .
she hit her head on a stone garden statue below her room . ''
` ` you see , allegedly , rachel fontenot jumped out of the window in her room and busted her head on a garden statue below , killing her instantly . ''
` ` the one i found in the garden was a prairie warbler .
suddenly , it flitted away and caroline followed its path until it landed on the shoulder of the garden statue in the duck pond .
she stared at the garden statue she always admired from her window .
her heel caught on a large garden stone and she flew backwards into the duck pond with incredible force , landing with a big splash .
the majestic homes in the garden district and the beauty and history of this city fascinated her .
dantalion quickly deduced that he was in some kind of human garden or park .
shed been adams first wife but when shed refused to lie below adam during sexual intercourse , shed been thrown unmercifully out of the garden of eden .
but when she refused to lie below adam during sexual intercourse , and he refused to have sex with her that way she was forced to leave the garden of eden .
fifteen oh , the quiet in this garden is lovely .
the second night at home she actually slept the night through , having exhausted herself by working with young purdy in the kitchen garden .
it was an endless ten minutes but his reward was her insistence that he go out to the garden and tell christiana to come indoors .
with a prayer of thanks to the god of protective mothers , he stepped out onto the stone walkway that led to the garden .
the only unfortunate consequence of the rain is that there is no garden to wander in .
i nod and he leads me around back to a beautiful garden surrounded by red leaf trees .
as i crept up the bank , i noticed his mom in her garden .
do you mind if we sit though , my knees ache after working in the garden ? ''
shed also put a lot of extra vegetables from our garden into the deep freeze to last throughout the winter .
jeeva , open patio doors , he said , and all of a sudden the clicking sound of a lock was heard and the windowed walls slid open , revealing the balcony that had two lounge chairs , a hot tub , and what looked like garden squares with growing flowers and small shrubs in them .
never having been there , she did nt know what to expect , but it seemed nice enough with its spacious flower gardens and white stucco walls .
when a waiter approached them , lorenzo asked to sit outsidenext to the flower gardens .
when mr . loya took lorenzo to his vegetable garden , she smiled at listening to the two most important men in her life discuss fertilizers and seeds as if they were the most fascinating subjects in the world .
my snake here just wants to find your garden of eden .
where where is this garden of eden your snake wants to find ?
i escaped outside to the garden to call ellen .
our neighbors were mostly empty nesters over fifty with houses that looked the same as ours and gardens filled with roses , azaleas and camellias .
i made sure the back door was closed and settled on the stone bench dad had placed under a large tree at the bottom of the garden .
roses and other summer flowers bloomed in the garden beds , their bright colors offering inspiration to the artists .
it was the sort of garden where little girls expected fairies to live .
cassie nodded , her gaze focused on the garden in the distance , now steeped in long shadows that made it look forbidding , dangerous .
i had enough on my plate fending off the media and seeing the garden set to rights again .
` ` coffee first or do i tackle the garden ? ''
not members of the families themselves , but garden staff or someone they 'd hired in .
i buried him out back behind the garden .
actually , the first place i went was to a hardware store and picked up a new sprayer attachment for the garden hose in the back yard .
she entered the city from the east , passed the old sea harbor of leith and was now gliding along the main artery of the city , princes street , flanked by designer stores on the right and city gardens on the left , and surmounted with the majestic edinburgh castle .
i stare down at the garden that runs the length of our fence , circling our house , tilled and maintained with love and togetherness .
the eight - year - old me is busy collecting vegetables and making mud pies in the garden behind our house .
* * * * * proudly , i stand by the garden pointing to the small orange orbs with thick green stems twirling neatly on top of the soil .
i wanted to get up off the ground by the garden and hold his hand .
a huge vegetable garden was laid out .
a victory garden , you know .
the yard was dry , the foliage had not yet risen to give it the misty cool of a flourishing garden .
the dryness of the garden was left behind .
it says jesus was in agony as he prayed in the garden his sweat became like drops of blood .
she loved sitting there in her garden without the muss of dirt under her feet and mosquitoes buzzing around her ankles and elbows .
abbey walked through the garden of worshipers holding chloe with one hand and her dulcimer in the other .
she belonged to the garden club and the ladies auxiliary until she got too sick to go to meetings .
she belonged to the garden club , did nt she ?
she had no desire to eat , instead going out to their garden to get some fresh air .
chapter 2 nothing like a little blood on the ice the garden was just starting to fill up when i arrived .
he d made it through the food lines at the garden in less than five minutes .
the trip to the gardens remained pretty quiet , just general chatter about the weather and sports .
we spent the rest of the afternoon touring through the different gardens .
looking over at my garden again , i asked , are the daisies from you ?
she waited in the garden and her tear - stained face was a joy for alex to see .
a historic three story wood - frame building , mamma and daddys house has a garden , an open piazza and a large screened porch .
the rear of her house was surrounded by a wooden privacy fence that enclosed a garden , greenhouse and bricked courtyard .
i loved the european - like atmosphere , the narrow streets , the people - filled sidewalks , the award - winning gardens tucked away at every turn and the multi - colored historic buildings with their blooming window boxes .
his vegetable garden is a mess .
i could have been helping you with the yard and the garden .
i moved to a lawn chair in the back yard , near mammas fragrant garden .
i looked at the man sitting across from me , outlined by clusters of bright pink azalea blooms in mammas garden , suddenly unsure if he was the villain i thought him to be .
and just because you admire me for having survived the raising of a family without the help of a man , does nt mean you should wish it for yourself , because its no kind of rose garden .
anything for the garden was too out of season , and where was she supposed to store it until it could be planted ?
shed never been openly rude to a client or a neighbor , never stolen so much as a flower from someone elses garden , never cheated on him or spent too much of his money or kicked a dog or slapped a child .
shed been living in denver before she moved back home , working at a garden center for a number of years until shed gotten too ill .
i told david to take him outside and show him the garden .
the dregs of coffee in the bottom of the mugs were stone cold by the time charlie and tully had finished talking , and tully was getting cold , too , with a night - time chill falling in the garden and the sky fully dark overhead .
pascale had spent so many years watching ren look unhappy that she could recognize the mood in her firstborn son through double - glazed windows and across fifty yards of garden .
- wow , what a nice garden !
vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm a garden was also a form of crystallization , but not as valuable as some great technological innovation , the highest form of crystallization .
how did you end up in my garden last night ?
i d have bled out in the garden .
a large fountain sat along one wall where a table with four chairs sat surrounded by a lush garden of vines and flowers and a small vegetable garden off to the right .
a large fountain sat along one wall where a table with four chairs sat surrounded by a lush garden of vines and flowers and a small vegetable garden off to the right .
* parker nearly froze his butt off clearing debris and setting flagstone for the new herb garden he would plant this spring for mrs . gentilliano .
i m here to design your garden , not judge your morals , darcy retorted , uncomfortable with the way the conversation had turned so suddenly to teenage sex .
your thoughts on the garden design , he prompted again , turning to point out the open window , you know what we came up here to discuss , oh , yes , she nodded , relieved , landscaping .
if you do nt believe me then when i return next week well take a wander into the old walled gard there s a walled garden !
he rubbed at one ear and took a deep breath , continuing , to answer your multiple questions ; yes there is a walled garden , three walls to be precise .
i ve always wanted to design a walled garden .
not forgetting the rest of the one hundred and twenty hectares that goes with the walled garden of course , gabriel air - quoted the walled garden and could nt help but caution her , i do nt want to rain on your parade but its just a patch of very long untidy grass and weeds at the moment with a few old brick walls and nothing much else .
not forgetting the rest of the one hundred and twenty hectares that goes with the walled garden of course , gabriel air - quoted the walled garden and could nt help but caution her , i do nt want to rain on your parade but its just a patch of very long untidy grass and weeds at the moment with a few old brick walls and nothing much else .
darcy ignored his comments , speaking more briskly now , okay , ill need to factor in a way of connecting the existing walled garden to the chateau .
personally , i think capability brown single - handedly destroyed a number of very important gardens and whilst he installed some nice lakes and trees he also over - simplified the landscape of some wonderful old english houses and parks , but that s just me .
i had thought i d plan for a formal garden with a sunken area to the immediate south of the chateau but now that i know about it , the walled garden might be a better location for that .
i had thought i d plan for a formal garden with a sunken area to the immediate south of the chateau but now that i know about it , the walled garden might be a better location for that .
i was envisaging a central water feature , hedges , flower beds for colour and seating so that your guests can be out of the wind on a breezy day , but again those things would be better served within the shelter of the walled garden .
now she was off on her own private adventure to check out the walled garden that gabriel had told her so little about .
she had nt said to gabriel , but she had a fascination with walled gardens that she knew had its roots in her childhood reading of frances hodgson burnetts the secret garden and she had wanted to design her own version of that space ever since she had read the pages describing the famously derelict , unloved garden that lay slumbering behind its tall , ivy clad walls .
she had nt said to gabriel , but she had a fascination with walled gardens that she knew had its roots in her childhood reading of frances hodgson burnetts the secret garden and she had wanted to design her own version of that space ever since she had read the pages describing the famously derelict , unloved garden that lay slumbering behind its tall , ivy clad walls .
she had nt said to gabriel , but she had a fascination with walled gardens that she knew had its roots in her childhood reading of frances hodgson burnetts the secret garden and she had wanted to design her own version of that space ever since she had read the pages describing the famously derelict , unloved garden that lay slumbering behind its tall , ivy clad walls .
that book had part of the inspiration for her desire to train as a landscape architect but she had been subsequently disappointed to discover that secret gardens were not generally included in the lexicon of modern landscape design careers and had put the idea of ever having the opportunity to create her own secret garden to bed years ago .
that book had part of the inspiration for her desire to train as a landscape architect but she had been subsequently disappointed to discover that secret gardens were not generally included in the lexicon of modern landscape design careers and had put the idea of ever having the opportunity to create her own secret garden to bed years ago .
as she walked along she sighed happily , thinking , this whole project was already something of a dream - come - true , but the addition of a walled garden just put the icing and several candles on the cake as far as she was concerned .
with its windows reinstated the room would be lit from three sides which would make for lovely views out to her new garden .
darcy could all but see the garden in her minds eye overflowing with texture , light , colour and interesting features to draw the eye .
darcy tugged the doors open and stood for a moment staring out , imagining the view to her completed garden .
she breathed in the freshly moist morning air , watching a flight of starlings swooping over the meadow and feeling as if she could nt wait to get started on transforming the space into the garden of her imagination .
however , the paint colour which put her in mind of fortnum and masons signature shade- ; and thinking about the herb garden she was planning for within the walls had given her an idea for an alternative .
the magnolia was massive and would be magnificent when it flowered but would need thinned and pruned , as would the laurels but darcy was sure gabriels garden construction crew could handle the job .
beautiful small buildings like this were like jewels and as rare as hens teeth it put her in mind of the cottage in the middle of the garden at sissinghurst castle , that kind of thing could nt be manufactured , it just had to happen but , unlike most national trust properties , shed like to see this one lived in .
with this thought in mind she picked up her clipboard and pulled the tape from her pocket , collecting a solid twig from the ground to use as an anchor for the end of the tape so that she could measure the area for drawing up her new secret garden .
it was a sunny morning , both children were settled in school and here she was scooting along in her own little car off to explore old gardens in normandy .
she considered that today was her first real day of work if you could call trotting off to visit grand old gardens work .
in celebration of the day she had dressed up in a pretty full - skirted daisy - print dress with a lace - trimmed cardigan , although the low - heeled primrose - toned leather pumps on her feet had more to do with the practical needs of garden visits than high - fashion .
and since her car was the only one parked here maybe shed have the garden to herself oh happy day !
she fished in her bag for her wallet to find the entrance fee for the garden and carried on her way to the chapel .
compared to the colourful richness of the planting inside the high walls of the garden shed just left , the rest of the chateau grounds seemed quite austere , as if all the gardeners energies were concentrated on that one patch of ground .
of course , it was a substantial patch of ground and much larger than the walled garden at chateau de belagnac would ever be , even with the extended area that she was now picturing in her head she hoped gabriel would agree to enlarge the space to include some of the ground behind the gardeners cottage .
darcy had places to go and gardens to see , so could nt afford to tarry long in any one garden after saying a polite au revoir to the woman behind the counter she wandered out onto the driveway .
darcy had places to go and gardens to see , so could nt afford to tarry long in any one garden after saying a polite au revoir to the woman behind the counter she wandered out onto the driveway .
you are looking like a summer garden today .
he spoke , now that were here , you can travel with me and frodo to see these other gardens and perhaps expand upon your ideas of last week of what you plan for chateau de belagnac , he paused , nodding towards her car , and bertrand will drive your tiny car back to the chateau .
come on , the days wasting and we ve got places to go , gardens to see .
darcy was silent , thinking for a moment before she continued , its mostly that i wanted to get a feel for what grows well in this part of the country and visiting similar gardens is an easy and enjoyable way of doing so .
everyone has their own idea of what makes a good garden .
darcy quickly elaborated with oops , that sounds contradictory even to me what i mean is i like the basic proportions of our walled garden as it is she purposely emphasised the word garden .
darcy quickly elaborated with oops , that sounds contradictory even to me what i mean is i like the basic proportions of our walled garden as it is she purposely emphasised the word garden .
our garden , he noted interesting he liked the sound of that .
she took a deep breath for courage before launching into her plan , what do you think about extending the space to four or five yards behind the rear wall of the gardeners cottage and building a fourth wall to completely enclose the garden with , maybe , a greenhouse , some cold frames for hardening off seedlings and perhaps espaliered fruit trees along the wall ?
darcy had nt decided upon all the details for her garden yet but it was quite delicious to let all the ideas slush around in her brain for a time in the interim .
the garden she had in mind would be timeless , a delightful hybrid of english and french design , which was one of the reasons she had included her third and last destination for the day , -a garden designed by the esteemed english garden designer , gertrude jekyll .
the garden she had in mind would be timeless , a delightful hybrid of english and french design , which was one of the reasons she had included her third and last destination for the day , -a garden designed by the esteemed english garden designer , gertrude jekyll .
the garden she had in mind would be timeless , a delightful hybrid of english and french design , which was one of the reasons she had included her third and last destination for the day , -a garden designed by the esteemed english garden designer , gertrude jekyll .
garden number three which i happen to know has a caf , so we are stopping for lunch before frodo and i expire from thirst and hunger , gabriel announced as he pulled the suv to a stop in the lee of a mounded berm topped with trees that separated the car park from the road .
they alighted , gabriel clipping a leash on frodo after the dog had made use of one of the tree - trunks before they walked together across the lane that separated the car park area from the garden entrance .
oh no , wailed darcy as she read the gardens opening hours on a sign attached to the outer wall , its just after twelve and they re closed for the next two hours .
there may have been changes in the cities but lunch - hour is still considered sacrosanct in smaller villages like this , as he spoke he pushed open a white - painted door set in the stucco wall next to the sign , waving darcy ahead into the garden .
he stepped back , once again waving darcy to step through the gate and followed her into the garden .
she might not have had gabriels advantage of having already seen the garden but she had researched it thoroughly via the internet .
i was told that the house was designed by edwin lutyens and the garden by gertrude jekyll i did some research myself and found that they were both icons of early twentieth century english design .
no politely refined garden rooms here , full of well - tended planting and thoughtfully placed seating bounded by walls , neatly clipped hedges and topiary , or anything that remotely resembled a finished garden of the ilk of bois des moutiers and no tidy row - upon - row of weed - free vegetables as shed seen in the walled potagers of chateaux de miromesnil and bosmelet , but still , darcy was more pleased to see the unpolished vistas through the trees than she could say .
no politely refined garden rooms here , full of well - tended planting and thoughtfully placed seating bounded by walls , neatly clipped hedges and topiary , or anything that remotely resembled a finished garden of the ilk of bois des moutiers and no tidy row - upon - row of weed - free vegetables as shed seen in the walled potagers of chateaux de miromesnil and bosmelet , but still , darcy was more pleased to see the unpolished vistas through the trees than she could say .
darcy had spent much of her time throughout the day with him discussing the pros and cons of each of the gardens they had visited and fleshing out her ideas for de belagnac .
the large clock did go some way to explaining the name of the street , she thought idly , -but like the rainbow vegetable garden of her earlier garden tour , big - clock - street sounded much better in french than it did when translated to english .
the large clock did go some way to explaining the name of the street , she thought idly , -but like the rainbow vegetable garden of her earlier garden tour , big - clock - street sounded much better in french than it did when translated to english .
her weeks focused energies had been rewarded by completed drawings for the walled garden and formal garden area to the south of the chateau .
her weeks focused energies had been rewarded by completed drawings for the walled garden and formal garden area to the south of the chateau .
as they passed the flower - seller , he stopped briefly to choose bunches of varicoloured garden - grown roses , the first for his mother , he explained as he offered the second to darcy .
during the days she made sure that she was busy outside overseeing the early stages of excavation and ground work in the walled garden , surrounded by the construction crew and not available for private consultations and when not outdoors she used the need to stay ahead of the construction team as a valid reason to remain in the cottage , glued to her computer screen and working long into the night to finish the final detailed design drawings for the works .
len , the construction foreman was juggling multiple trades on site at once -so that by today , the end of week three , the fourth garden wall that would completely enclose the space was half - complete , two thirds of the pergola uprights had been concreted in place , underground services for drainage , power and reticulation were well on their way to completion and the greenhouse foundations dug out , concrete poured and supporting walls begun .
early the following week coils for a ground - coupled heat exchange system would be laid in trenches to be dug in the adjacent field and the retaining walls for the sunken garden would go ahead .
she had amended the depth at one end of the pool in the sunken garden area to allow for the placement of large rocks that would function both as stepping stones and as refuges for the fish they planned to stock the pond with to hide under .
at the original gate to the garden she turner to survey the scene ; quite different to the view she had had when she had first walked through this gateway in the final layout there would be a total of six external gates ; two to both the western and eastern walls and one each to the north and south .
as well , there would be a rear doorway let through the new wall into the greenhouse , with another two internal gates set in the central spur wall that would divide the garden into unequal halves .
as she studied the work in progress , in her minds eye she replaced the carnage with the finished garden .
looking through the first already - constructed sections of the arbour , she could imagine it completely covered in weeping wisteria vines , dripping with pretty fragile flowers in bands of colour from white to blue and pink , sub - dividing the space into four garden rooms with its flowery curtain .
the room closest to and directly in front of peppermint cottage would be predominantly a flower garden with wide perennial beds to either side of a fleur - de - lis based central feature .
across the far side of the wisteria arbour , to darcys immediate right from where she was standing would be the herb garden .
then , she pictured , visitors could walk along the wisteria tunnel through the gate in the central wall here they would find two more garden rooms , to the right would be the sunken garden , designed to provide a space for solace and contemplation with a feature pool with lilies -and fish , darcy reminded herself , now that the detail of the fish safety - zone was included and with a small sheltering pergola nestled up against the eastern wall .
then , she pictured , visitors could walk along the wisteria tunnel through the gate in the central wall here they would find two more garden rooms , to the right would be the sunken garden , designed to provide a space for solace and contemplation with a feature pool with lilies -and fish , darcy reminded herself , now that the detail of the fish safety - zone was included and with a small sheltering pergola nestled up against the eastern wall .
across the wisteria arbour to the north would be the fourth zone or room the practical part of the garden with the greenhouse and hotframes for growing seedlings and coldframes for hardening off the new plants set against its northern wall .
i m moving out of the dragons den this evening and your friend may have the other apartment until the garden cottage is ready for her .
he had already been over to the walled garden area and spoken at length with len that morning .
she knew the construction crew were working in the walled garden and gabriel was probably working in his apartment over at the chateau .
they both knew the darkness outside hid from view the unfinished areas of the garden and that there were stacks of builders materials just outside the glow of the lamps .
mummy and daddy are just going to have a wee walk and talk alone out in the garden for a minute or two .
where once he had been flesh and blood , in outward form if not innermost attitude much like other all the other folk in the garden , since his rebirth -his second coming- he thought with malicious bad - humour , he was more plant than person .
he knew he could nt yet kill the entire plant but his abilities were growing , slower than he d like but nevertheless improving and he felt the day growing nearer when he could once again challenge for mastery over the garden .
no point wasting his precious time working here in the heart of the garden if there was the likelihood that liana would stumble upon his little displays .
at saras bemused expression , that s northern perth ; used to be all farms , market gardens and nurseries before the city expanded so fast it started to take it over .
she likes to study raqs sharqi ( egyptian belly dance ) , garden , and bake .
she wants her worm - filled organic garden and to make homemade vegan food for her furry friends .
would you like to take a walk in the garden with me ?
hoping marcus would follow suit , kira glanced around the garden for a moment .
a movement in the garden caught kira 's eye and she jumped .
it must have been a rabbit rustling through the garden .
mrs . johnson , my elderly neighbor , was out weeding her flower garden .
the flower garden had died from lack of care .
who knew keeping a garden could be such hard work ?
she laughed softly , remembering how she begged clayton to let her plant a vegetable garden .
if i had that garden we might have fared better during the blockade .
as it was , the flower garden she was allowed to water died never to return .
the colonels wife , lily carson , advised all of the officers wives to keep gardens .
in the tiny garden , little mimi gleefully swung back and forth on her newly repaired swing .
iwhen i was kicked out of the garden of edensamael saved me .
pretty soon they d be wearing nothing but fig leaves like adam and eve had done once they were kicked out of the garden of eden .
he would always find work to do for the aggressors , whether it was weeding the garden , cleaning out the garage or a mission over the rocks looking for carageen .
some have small neat garden patches .
i could see mom out in the front garden doing her spring cleaning already !
i scoured the garden for wild flowers and managed to come up with a few .
an assortment of cheeses , ham and tomato were already arranged on a plate with a sprig of parsley in the centre , parsley being the one herb that grew with unabashed vigour , unbidden around the non - garden .
you 'll have the best garden soil in glenbeg ! ''
the garden however at this time , was still asleep .
we d get a masters in horticulture with business applications , and since we both have degrees in botony , we d be in great shape to open up a business , maybe a garden centre or grow vegetables by hydroponics , or something in that line .
i pottered around the garden .
i told her i would nt as now that i had finally tackled the garden , i wanted to stay with it .
oh she likes a beautiful garden , but she does nt like the work that goes with it !
that was why she had bought a book with traditional , greek recipes , and had chosen three of them for a romantic candlelit dinner in the little garden in front of our studio .
i decided to have it in the garden , where it was still pretty cool and quiet , trying to concentrate on the next chapter of the detective story i had started reading a couple of days ago .
we were already walking on the fresh lawn of the garden of quasar caf .
i picked a table in the back garden where i knew it would not be so hot , as the shadow of the building protected it from the hot rays of the sun .
half an hour later , we were walking into the large garden of xenios hotel .
the night was pretty cool and the crystal water of the large swimming pool on the eastern side of the garden was sending off a feeling of freshness .
i noticed a big rectangular table , decorated with flowers on the other side of the garden , which was probably the one for the newly weds and their families .
they took a few steps to the pebbled center of the garden , which served as a dance floor , and danced to the rhythm of a slow , greek song that made me shiver , although i could not make out all the lyrics .
we made two huge cappuccinos freddo , put on our sunglasses and sank in the bamboo armchairs , under the shade of the olive tree in our garden .
i found martha in the garden , watering the big pots with fragrant gardenias .
sebastian was walking by himself in the garden .
we had driven through the camp till we reached a small but decent white house with a rose garden at the front .
andrew rises quickly with me in his arms and climbs out of the three foot deep hole which was once our perennial garden .
before me was a glorious mural depicting a garden of roses in radiant bloom .
he d bought layla a necklace in a hatton garden jewellers .
nice houses and grassy gardens that they were far too busy to enjoy .
but there was only one house with builders debris in the front garden .
more builders rubble , the back garden was full of it .
the boy keeled over sideways with his mouth open and slack , and ben reached down and grabbed him under the armpits and hauled him further away from the house and into the debris - filled garden .
cascades of creeping charley filled the thriving garden .
they walked up a short garden path surrounded by ice plant and approached a chain link fence .
` ` i won a vegetable garden seed sampler and a window herb garden , '' peggy answered .
` ` i won a vegetable garden seed sampler and a window herb garden , '' peggy answered .
bud looked out the windows to the orange - and - purple blooming birds - of - paradise and deep blue lilies of the nile in the garden .
it 's about sea cliff 104 ... '' * * * cass ran the tiller through the freshly thawed garden plot .
opening the back door , she peered out into the watery sunshine that coated her small , neatly tended , back garden and called for red a few times .
nothing in the garden moved except the bushes to the left which were swaying gently in the chill december breeze .
a silver coloured roller blind adorned the window and ilona looked out to the garden beyond .
polishing off the last of her meal , having a last look in the garden for red and checking her purse to make sure she had her keys and credit cards , she grabbed her coat , scarf and gloves from the pegs behind the door and headed out to the car .
the gardens were landscaped with perfectly pruned , round shrubs in pots , grass so green that it looked artificial and immaculate pathways with not a weed in sight .
george had come round to do ilonas own garden almost every day for months after john had abandoned her .
her eyes roamed around the garden that george had so lovingly brought to life for her , transforming it from and overgrown wilderness .
the weather was beautiful and the air smelled like the flowers that bloomed in the gardens not far away .
the garden my mother had planted and tended so lovingly was in bloom and the air was perfumed with fresh aromas .
a few gardens for us to destroy while we worked to kill each other ?
as georgiana and percy reached the garden , he spotted others seated beneath a shade tree .
she cut herbs and flowers from her garden , and she shopped in strange places , slipping behind red gates adorned with ornate gold symbols .
and if he could discern the words , in those times when he was anointed by them , reading the patterns in the dew and the evening sky , the mist upon the night gardens , jesse may have heard these words , praising him and calling him to the greatness he was destined for : who is this , whose eyes are the morning sun his face as irresistible as the dawn ?
she found that what her mother had always sung to her was true , and that song was suddenly within her being sung by many voices , singing her back to the garden where once they had sung , to which they will be restored by the one who will be sent to deliver them .
` ` i just ... '' i thought about explaining it to her , invoking memories of my mother , who used to sit in her garden staring into space for hours .
i went through the house , out the back door to the patio by my mother 's garden of wildflowers , then closed my eyes and tried to work up the magic buzz .
i do n't think she ever noticed the garden , '' i said .
` ` she would come out here , stare at the garden , but not look at it .
he glanced at me quickly , then nodded toward mom 's garden .
* * * that saturday , peach and stacy and i gathered on my patio after millie 's memorial service , a tray of margaritas sitting untouched on the table as we stood by my mother 's garden of wildflowers .
i held the urn containing millie 's ashes tightly against my stomach , then placed it in the middle of the garden , next to a similar urn that held my mother 's ashes .
chicky loved to play in the huge overgrown garden .
it gave them great status to know in advance that the planning applications had been approved , a walled kitchen garden to grow their own vegetables planned and oil - fired central heating for the whole house installed .
he dug the wild , unkempt gardens of stone house until his back ached and his face was roughened by the constant sea spray .
' we start to dig the vegetable garden tomorrow morning , and your first driving lesson will be with dinny tomorrow afternoon .
he told her about how the builder was going to charge a fortune to make a walled garden , so rigger had built it himself , stone upon stone , and raised growing beds .
i 'll let you have that cottage beside the walled garden .
he was twenty - one and trying to set up a garden centre .
she thought she 'd help shane put his garden centre on the map .
orla always asked about shane and the garden centre but got no response to that .
she and brigid went to tap - dancing classes in covent garden on tuesday nights .
so instead they talked about the renovations at stone house , the new walled garden , the plans .
do you think rigger is pleasuring aunty chicky in the walled garden ?
' imagine , orla , we grew those parsnips here in our own garden and the apples are from the old orchard , and chicky made them all taste like that ! '
they did n't rate the walled garden , saying it was very amateur ; the guests would be used to much bigger and more manicured landscaping .
a conservatory , where a table of summer drinks was laid out , opened into a well - kept garden .
' nobody is happy , ' henry said , and he went out to their garden to throw sticks for the old dog .
anything from choosing a name for a chocolate easter bunny to writing a limerick in praise of garden sheds .
as they sat one summer 's evening on the garden seat that had been theirs because they had matched twelve garden flowers with the months in which they bloomed , and drank from waterford glass tumblers that had come from the competition to write an ode to crystal , the walls congratulated themselves on their twenty - five years of happy marriage .
there had been a set of matching luggage , some colourful garden lights and a carved wooden salad bowl with matching servers .
miss howe had no holiday story to tell , nothing like that was ever mentioned , or any family gathering , or repainting of a house , or digging of a garden .
it could be a holiday in spain , a garden shed , a painting of conne - mara , a weekend in a castle , a set of luggage with wheels , a croquet set , a big , ornate mirror with cherubs on it .
it was not only one of those fabulous gas - fired barbecues , but also a garden firm were going to lay a little patio for them and build a special wall to enclose the area .
the following day , miss howe called on carmel in rigger 's house at the end of the garden .
chestnut grove was a house that would have suited nobody except eva : it was in poor repair with a wild , rambling garden , very shaky plumbing and unreliable electrical works .
besides , the garden was full of birds that nested there regularly and were great material for her column .
freda and lane let themselves in through the back gate of chestnut grove and walked through the large sprawling garden .
' it 's so different to my parents ' garden , ' lane said , avoiding some low - hanging branches filled with vicious thorns .
' their garden looks as if it 's auditioning for some prize all the time . '
' is n't the garden just wonderful right now ? '
but yardwork was yardwork and fishing was fishing , and for the life of him , miles knew that neither missy 's brother nor his wife would care in the slightest whether there were a few too many weeds growing in the garden .
we lived in a suburb just outside baltimore in the most typical of houses - four bedrooms , two bathrooms , complete with a porch , flower garden , and a white picket fence .
or miles would mention that the garden needed some color and she 'd say that she 'd always loved camellias , and that 's what she 'd plant if she lived here .
she used to plant a garden every spring with tulips .
lisette was in a small garden behind a rickety tenement , chasing a puppy around the clumps of plantings as fast as her childish legs would carry her .
she lay in her hospital bed and began thinking how she had always wanted a flower garden but had never been able to have one , and presto , all of a sudden she was feeling sorry for herself and sitting there like an idiot with tears rolling down her face .
from what i remember , he once told me he thought of this place as the garden of eden .
enough land for jeff to have a pony and for me to have a huge garden .
between these spanned acres of grass , royal gardens , stone - lined plazas , overflowing fountains .
he squinted , his eyes adjusting in the bright light , and took in the site : before him sprawled the royal gardens , stretching as far as the eye could see , hedges perfectly trimmed in different shapes , forming neat rows of gardens , trails winding amidst them .
he squinted , his eyes adjusting in the bright light , and took in the site : before him sprawled the royal gardens , stretching as far as the eye could see , hedges perfectly trimmed in different shapes , forming neat rows of gardens , trails winding amidst them .
this rear courtyard was empty , and thor assumed it was probably reserved for the royal family , set off from the public with its high , stone garden walls .
as they finished the labyrinth trail , the courtyard opened up , and thor was amazed to see a new garden , where the grass was perfectly trimmed and designed into shapes , with huge wooden pieces placed on it .
before him was king 's court , the castle , the fortifications , the gardens , the trees and rolling hills as far as he could see - all in full bloom of summer .
' he - or it - came from the garden , and went away in the same direction .
loud screams came from the garden below , and he glanced out , to see a flock of small , brightly coloured parrots swooping in and out of a big , lacy tree with yellowish fruit .
i ran down into the garden , and hid myself . '
sister eustacia had been very kind , taking her and a couple of other new postulants round the walled estate , showing them the big gardens where the convent grew medicinal herbs and fruit and vegetables for the table , the chapel where devotions were held six times a day , plus mass in the mornings , the stables and kitchens , where they would take turns working - and the great hopital des anges , the order 's main work .
a full bucket of milk not merely spilt , but apparently thrown at something , the manger overturned , the door left open and two of the cows escaped into the herb garden . '
jamie was the kind of girl who would pull weeds in someone 's garden without being asked or stop traffic to help little kids cross the road .
` ` it looks like it has a beautiful garden . ''
` ` a garden is the perfect backdrop for you . ''
i have n't spent much time in gardens . ''
` ` nope , in a tiny town in montana , but my parents did n't have a garden like this .
he followed her into a square herb garden , with gravel paths bisecting geometrical beds of fragrant lavender and sage and oregano .
i thought they might remind you of our english rose gardens . ''
they were talking about gardens ?
tables and chairs were arrayed across the rolling lawns , each decorated with fresh flowers , and , in a green touch that ariella especially loved , an assortment of beautiful tableware and linens borrowed and bought from collections , antique stores and markets , for a spontaneous yet luxurious , country garden picnic feel .
she remembered staring sightlessly from a small window to a garden that badly needed tending .
it was michael as a toddler , beating two dandelions together in the garden and laughing .
hassan handed her a sagging pink rose he 'd plucked from the mansion 's garden .
lesley was sure her face turned five shades of red as they hurried out of butchart gardens .
they had high tea at the empress hotel , toured the museum , explored the undersea gardens .
cars ringed the perimeter of a makeshift skating rink ; their golden headlights turned the place into an outdoor madison square garden .
she 'd stood in one place for so long she feared she 'd rooted there like the flower garden she so carefully tended .
until you came along all she ever thought about was my dad and her garden . ''
and my special garden salad , minus tomatoes . ''
` ` no one promised you a rose garden , '' gabriel reminded the prayer ambassador .
` ` the botanical gardens . ''
off to the side , nearly out of view , was the garden that he and lexie had started after moving into the house .
but he also looked terribly serious with that frown he was wearing upon his brow - not at all like the easygoing man she 'd strolled with in the garden .
it was delightfully entertaining , especially when he spoke of the treasure they 'd buried in the garden one time while playing pirates .
it was with a heavy heart and aching feet that she arrived home , entering the garden through the back gate .
leaving the footman to keep an eye on the horses , anthony unlatched the gate leading into the front garden of a small thatched cottage that sat apart from the rest , on the very edge of the town .
skirting the building , he rounded a corner to discover a maid who appeared to be busy at work in the vegetable garden .
the weather is beautiful , and i would love an opportunity to admire your garden a little closer . ''
` ` let 's take a stroll in the garden , '' he said .
in fact , i snuck in through the garden . ''
in the dim light of the garden , daniel could n't tell what color her eyes might be .
` ` you can easily take a walk with them in the garden . ''
i 'll see if one of them might be willing to take a walk with me in the garden . ''
` ` meet me outside in the garden in half an hour and i 'll show you that i have not forgotten how to please you . ''
` ` like , in a garden ? ''
` ` a garden would be nice , '' he said .
` ` i 'd pay a cover charge at a singles garden . ''
he asked , his eyes going over the ground - level house nestled amongst the lush garden .
` ` it 's this way , '' she said huskily and hurried forward , the path illuminated by small garden lights mingling through the palm trees , the clicking of her high heels in competition with a chorus of green tree frogs .
thankfully flynn had gone by the time she came out of the bathroom , and danielle escaped for a stroll through the botanical gardens , appreciating the cooler lushness of the tropical surrounds in the steady heat of the day .
as if mesmerized , danielle watched as he stripped , then walked over to the pool , the garden lights having turned on automatically as dusk descended , the palm trees and ferns almost hugging him as he stepped onto the edge .
and this garden is just lovely . ''
` ` hot , luscious piece of ass who can suck a golf ball through forty feet of garden hose seeks rippling - ab 'd firefighter who has a tongue that thrums like a hummingbird and enjoys painting my toenails and eating ben and jerry 's out of the carton while watching mad men . ''
here 's a sample from laura and dylan 's story : ` ` hot , luscious piece of ass who can suck a golf ball through forty feet of garden hose seeks rippling - ab 'd firefighter who has a tongue that thrums like a hummingbird and enjoys painting my toenails and eating ben and jerry 's out of the carton while watching mad men . ''
all at once sasha 's doubts rose again like weeds in a garden .
and in that circle she 'd seeded a fertile garden where isabella thrived .
something of her skepticism must have shown , because he added , ` ` i have a house with a garden to play ball in and a swimming pool to splash around in - not a shoebox like this . ''
` ` i 'll buy a suburban house with a garden , '' she said , thinking back to the warmth and love that had filled suzy 's parents ' home .
dylan had been baptized in this garden .
she did n't try climbing into another bed but he would find her on the sofa , watching a movie , or out in the garden .
high on a hill , with its little garden and breathtaking view across the bay , it promised to be perfect - after a few more months of renovation drama .
they were sitting outside their house , in a garden surrounded by high walls , but catarina was always the most cautious of them all .
dwarfed by the towering skyscrapers surrounding it , bryant park was a garden land behind a beautiful old library .
` ` i came to invite you to a garden party we 're having at my parents ' estate on sunday .
` ` please head back to the gardens and make yourself at home . ''
hanging from the pergola overhead was a crystal candelabra , the entire thing looked like something out of an issue of better homes and gardens .
i walked through the gardens , stared out at the ocean in the distance , and checked my phone again , reading chloe 's most recent text for the hundredth time : looks like air france might have an open seat .
discarding the thought , i walked into the garden , stretching my arms and letting out a long , happy sigh .
would i lead her to the garden , pull her down onto the lawn with me , and make her listen ?
once we 're done eating bella 's delicious pancakes she simply crawls onto my lap and we spend the next half hour kissing , then making sweet love right there on the new garden chair without bothering to undress fully .
it 's the perfect place for a honeymoon , a true garden of eden .
i grab my phone immediately to call dan , and we arrange to meet at almundo 's , a little coffee house in covent garden .
the once - wild yard had been tamed , trimmed , and planted ; it now looked like an english country garden .
cut a few flowers from helga 's garden ? ''
henry talked for a few minutes about tina 's garden and the vacation they 'd taken to st . croix last winter , but joe knew it was all leading up to something .
jamie was having her baby shower in new york city a lot sooner than normal because chase 's tour was hitting madison square garden , and he would n't be home again until she was about to pop .
` ` yeah , they 're playing the garden . ''
there was a huge garden tub she could n't wait to dive into and it even had a soft reading light next to it .
he showed her the private backyard garden that had a couple of benches in it and another fountain .
she knew she would spend hours in that garden reading a good book ; that is , of course , after her work out and swim .
she eventually even went to spend some time in the garden , without fear of not hearing jacob .
as jessica sat in the garden , she tried to figure out how she really felt about her husband .
jessica did n't know how long she sat in the garden daydreaming but soon julia was walking towards her with a fussy jacob in her arms .
` ` the gardens are warded as well , '' dayne said , looking for anything to say so he could stop looking at her n**ples .
it was a reputation he 'd cultivated and cared for like a garden full of delicate seedlings .
he had an impressive garden encased in a stone wall .
he found her in the garden .
you know they ca n't get to you , not even in the garden .
he 'd performed a spell to help the flowers in the garden grow better .
fox finished weeding his section of the vegetable garden before hefting the spray his mother mixed up weekly to discourage the deer and rabbits from invading for an all - you - can - eat buffet .
he crossed the yard , circling what was left - three short walls and part of a chimney - of the old stone hut on the edge of the vegetable garden .
he skirted past the chicken coop and the cluckers that were pecking around , by the goat yard where the two nannies stood slack - hipped and bored , edged around his mother 's herb garden .
mom smelled the sage from her herb garden right after sage was born .
the old man sprayed them down with a garden hose to keep them wet .
frank said , ` ` we ' ve been doing a lot of statues for people 's gardens .
i arrived at my mother 's place early monday afternoon and found mom sipping tea on the back patio near her garden .
mom had brought a large bouquet of lilacs from her garden , and julia and hailey set them in the receptacle at my father 's gravesite .
her flower garden is her pride , one of the few things she still cares about .
i spent as much time with her as i could , talking to her about the garden , the yarn shop , a tv show we 'd both seen .
the boys can go on a dig , if that wo n't damage your daughter 's lawn or garden .
then she worked in her yard and garden .
i know she missed her rose garden ; i did , too .
she should ' ve brought a sweater but she 'd been working in the garden earlier and it had been hot .
her irises were lovely this spring , even though her garden was in sad shape .
she told him about the garden , even though she knew she was rambling .
she seems to be holed up in the house and barely comes out , except to work in her garden . ''
and the garden .
her mother 's beautiful garden .
` ` i sneaked out of the house , and we met in my mother 's garden .
chapter 6 the next morning , susannah walked through her mother 's garden , seeking a moment of peace .
it was something she often did at home during the summer , wandering through her own garden , assessing the state of her flowers , inhaling their fragrance , making plans for the day .
the garden was in full bloom ; irises and roses were two of susannah 's favorites and they were in abundant display along the white picket fence .
given her mother 's limited endurance , susannah had been surprised to discover that the garden looked quite good , although the fence was a disaster .
` ` she 's jealous of my garden .
her flowers had never looked more beautiful than in that vase ... . perhaps worst of all , susannah was asking her to give up her garden .
there was comfort in her garden , in its beautiful colors , its scents ... . tears welled in her eyes and she rested her head against the back of the garden chair and swallowed a wail of grief .
she peered into the shadowed corners of the garden but saw no sign of him .
i was outside watering grandma 's garden . ''
vivian might have let other things go , but she 'd maintained her garden .
the next entries all described mundane events - shopping trips , housecleaning , planting bulbs in her garden .
i volunteered at the blood bank , you know , and i was able to work in my garden . ''
carolyn knew he worked for kettle falls landscaping , the company she hired for the upkeep of the gardens here and her yard at home .
carolyn did n't know whether she should be disappointed or gratified on behalf of her garden .
even spending time in her mother 's garden had n't calmed her the way it usually did .
how was it that her mother could n't manage the simplest of household tasks and yet kept her garden in pristine condition ?
it was as if vivian had let everything slide except her garden - her life , her appearance , her mind were just about gone , but not her garden .
it was as if vivian had let everything slide except her garden - her life , her appearance , her mind were just about gone , but not her garden .
no , not her precious garden .
she loved her family , her home , her garden .
she was getting ready to work outside in her garden when susannah and chrissie tapped at her door .
not her garden , she reminded herself .
` ` i could take grandma back to the house , '' chrissie suggested , ` ` so she can work in her garden . ''
` ` someone 's been in my garden , '' she blurted .
someone had been in her garden , and it could only have been rachel , her neighbor .
the minute that busybody stuck her nose out the door , vivian intended to tell rachel to keep out of her garden , otherwise she was contacting the police .
still feeling troubled , susannah walked outside and into the garden her mother had loved .
you wanted me to work on your garden , but it was more than that and we both knew it . ''
a large vegetable garden took up a good part of the backyard .
she eyed the flower garden , paying particular attention to the roses and peonies .
her summers there were peaceful , spent working in her garden and doing small projects around the house .
barefoot and wearing red cotton capris and a sleeveless red - checkered shirt , she watered her garden , trying to focus on the sensual feel of the grass against her feet , the sun on her arms , the heavy scent of the old roses .
two thick steaks sat on the kitchen counter , and the green salad made with lettuce from her garden and fresh tomatoes , green peppers and slivered carrots was in the refrigerator , ready for her green goddess dressing .
the garden was their favorite spot , hers and jake 's , especially the small rose arbor with its bench , hidden as it was from the house .
he 'd called it susannah 's garden .
she preferred a fresh - cut bouquet from the garden her mother had planted all those years ago .
you were the one tending mom 's garden , too . ''
she held a vase filled with white and pink roses from the garden and carefully placed it on the windowsill .
` ` call it susannah 's garden . ''
` ` susannah 's garden , '' she repeated slowly .
` ` has colette ever mentioned where she used to work before susannah 's garden ? ''
the french cafe , of course , and susannah 's garden .
although well into her eighties , grandma lived on her own and still managed to keep a large flower garden .
this was her first full year of owning susannah 's garden and she was learning as she went .
with susannah 's garden she 's brought a new energy to the retail neighborhood .
` ` well , '' she began , ` ` as everyone here knows , i bought susannah 's garden last september .
` ` i ' ve always had a beautiful garden and my mother did , too .
` ` susannah , from susannah 's garden ? ''
again , she felt torn , wanting to tell him about the baby , and realizing she could n't ... . countless times , she 'd gone over their last meeting , when he 'd shocked her by coming to susannah 's garden .
colette went back to susannah 's garden in a good mood .
as soon as she could , she 'd go to susannah 's garden and change the flower order back to white daisies .
last week she went on a garden tour and loved every minute of it . ''
christian had gone out of his way to have roses delivered to another woman on a weekly basis , and he 'd made sure they came from susannah 's garden .
before she left susannah 's garden , colette refreshed her makeup and ran a comb through her hair .
` ` i work for susannah 's garden , the flower shop on blossom street . ''
a man would walk past susannah 's garden and for a split second she 'd think it was christian .
` ` i was watering my garden and tending the rhododendrons , '' sarah said as she removed her boots , lining them up on the back steps .
his declaration of love in the back room at susannah 's garden had been the most beautiful thing alix had ever heard .
` ` this garden used to be the pride of the neighborhood , '' grandma turner said as she stood beside alix .
fridays were usually busy at susannah 's garden and this particular friday was no exception .
colette found her in the garden , watering her plants .
beside the champagne and flutes , she 'd arranged a crystal vase of red roses ; they 'd been a gift from susannah 's garden , the flower shop next door .
` ` plant a garden . ''
` ` what kind of garden ? ''
` ` i read the book you gave me about that garden , remember ? ''
on sunday she 'd given her a copy of the edwardian children 's classic , the secret garden .
` ` is there any other kind of garden than flowers ? ''
` ` did you ever have a garden before ? ''
anne marie closed her eyes at the memory of working in her garden at the house she and robert had owned .
` ` it was a container garden because i did n't have anywhere to plant an actual garden . ''
` ` it was a container garden because i did n't have anywhere to plant an actual garden . ''
if you like , we can plant seeds in egg cartons and then once your grandmother 's home again , i 'll help you clear a small space in her yard for your very own garden . ''
` ` a garden , '' she breathed .
after the concert on saturday , they 'd purchased white tulips and yellow daffodils from susannah 's garden , the flower shop next to the bookstore .
the man carried in a huge floral arrangement from susannah 's garden .
once ellen was home at her grandmother 's , anne marie would help the girl plant her own small garden .
they 'd already planted a container garden on anne marie 's balcony , with easy - care flowers like impatiens and geraniums .
on monday , the twelfth of may , lillie spent the morning working in her garden .
she loved her martha washington geraniums , and with the rhododendrons in full bloom and the azaleas as well , her garden had never looked better .
standing in the doorway i breathed in the sweet scent of day lilies , gladiolas , roses and lavender from susannah 's garden , the f lower shop next door .
all the f lowers spilling out of susannah 's garden are one of the benef its .
it 'd been the day mom 's neighbor found her unconscious in the garden .
` ` susannah from susannah 's garden ? ''
i managed to weed the whole garden .
once she got to the lake house , she picked fresh lettuce from their small garden patch and made a cobb salad , a favorite of jordan 's .
he used to work in his yard year - round and had always taken great pride in his garden and flower beds .
harvey had come into the backyard by now , a hoe in his hands , weeding his garden .
` ` ca n't do it , '' he said and returned to weeding his garden .
but i do n't want him digging in my garden . ''
the rhododendrons and azaleas were in full bloom , just as they were in hannah 's garden at home .
lately it 's all i can do to water the garden .
the lettuce was from harvey 's garden .
it was a victorian building in the middle of the city , with five acres of manicured gardens and lawns .
the trees shaded the patio and someone had put a flower garden on a small knoll to the east .
after that night in the moreland garden their fate had been sealed .
just like that night in the moreland garden , every nerve ending in her body reacted instantly to jack 's kiss .
but when he woke just after dawn , he was alone again , just as he had been that fateful night in the moreland garden .
` ` from the moment your lips touched mine in the moreland garden i knew what you could become to me .
` ` it 's not the garden of hesperides , but then who wants to eat golden apples and dodge a dragon .
this garden is a much better option . ''
had the rocker just compared this place to hara 's garden ?
while bob hurried into the kitchen for the tea , jack inspected peggy 's herb garden .
even jack , who liked to say that he had ` ` a green thumb - green with mold , '' derived real pleasure from peggy 's garden .
he felt an instant sense of peace when he saw mary jo wyse working in the garden , taking advantage of the longer days and the perfection of a pacific northwest spring .
with his help , mary jo had planted a small garden , which she tended daily .
` ` the garden 's starting to take shape , i see . ''
the windows gleamed from their washing , the lawn was greening and the garden - vegetables and flowers - now looked like a real garden .
the windows gleamed from their washing , the lawn was greening and the garden - vegetables and flowers - now looked like a real garden .
he 'd weeded the garden and was now erecting a fence around the backyard .
she told him that soon they 'd have produce from their garden - lettuce and peppers and beans .
` ` our garden , '' mary jo said again .
` ` well , sure , it 's our garden , '' mack said , sounding surprised .
as they walked to the back door , she studied the small vegetable garden and the strawberry patch , dotted with succulent red berries .
they had squash soup , using squash from charlotte 's own small garden .
` ` you know , i feel so bad about neglecting my garden .
while on medical leave she 'd spent hours in her garden , especially after she 'd started feeling better and regained some of her strength .
until then , olivia had forgotten how much pleasure she got from her garden .
and , as a bonus , their garden had benefitted , too .
` ` they have a container garden there .
the zucchini for the zucchini bread she sold me came from the garden .
they were her specialty , and the blueberries came from their own small patch next to peggy 's pride , her herb garden .
he found her working in her rose garden in the backyard .
she had n't planted a garden in years .
peggy was working in her herb garden when he pulled into the driveway .
peggy was busy clipping herbs in her garden , wearing a large straw hat to shade her face from the late - afternoon sun .
` ` i ' ve always meant to ask you about your herb garden , '' corrie said from behind her desk .
` ` do you have a herb garden ? ''
corrie had a small garden space at the back of their property .
after seeing peggy 's herb garden , she wanted to plant her own .
one peggy beldon walked into her newly planted garden , taking real pleasure in the sights and smells that surrounded her .
peggy uncoiled the garden hose and moved carefully between the rows of leaf lettuce , sweet peas and pole beans .
she had a strong practical streak , expressed in her vegetable and herb gardens ; she satisfied her craving for beauty with the flower gardens in front .
she had a strong practical streak , expressed in her vegetable and herb gardens ; she satisfied her craving for beauty with the flower gardens in front .
bob rode past her on the lawn mower with a quick wave , and peggy continued to water her garden , but a pang went through her .
ten grace thrust her hands decisively into her garden gloves , ready to head out to the back garden to plant martha washington geraniums .
still whistling as he pulled into the driveway , he found his wife watering her herb garden .
any time of year , her gardens were something to behold .
not a rarity for mid - june , but peggy had hoped to work in her garden .
` ` my garden could use it . ''
now peggy loaded a thirty - pound bag of fertilizer into the large garden cart , while hannah wandered through the aisles of perennials .
her small rose garden was prospering , and so was her expanding herb garden .
her small rose garden was prospering , and so was her expanding herb garden .
i 'll be out in my garden . ''
` ` peggy 's got a meeting with her garden club tuesday night .
with a renewed sense of vigor , she weeded and watered her small garden .
peggy 's garden was still in bloom , her herbs scenting the air .
` ` one night jean - claude left me and another woman in a garden in the suburbs , at the home of a sympathetic schoolteacher who 'd made contact with our group .
the earth in her grandmother 's garden smelled warm and clean - the way it only smelled in spring .
this was her world , and for the first time , she felt a niggle of fear as she contemplated what might be in her moon - dappled garden besides flowers and trees .
have high tea at the empress hotel , visit butchart gardens and shop till you drop .
she 'd always dreamed of one day having a home with a yard and a garden and a real neighborhood .
cecilia was n't sure what else to say , so she asked , ` ` is there space to plant a garden ? ''
` ` oh , yes , i ' ve always had a garden - roses and bulb flowers and perennials .
` ` i ' ve always wanted a garden , '' cecilia confessed .
sixteen when charlotte left the garden club meeting , she stopped by her friend helen 's on poppy lane .
the garden club did n't require a lot of her time , but it was a monthly commitment that took her away from him .
if i were a garden club member , i 'd want you as president , too .
when ellen brought katie down , following her nap , she baked brownies , letting her granddaughter ` ` help , '' while joe did some work in the garden .
her own garden had once yielded an abundant supply .
she 'd started tending the garden and hoped to coax grace 's rosebushes and perennials back to vibrant life .
sandy had liked flowers , too , and when she 'd still been able to , had spent copious amounts of time maintaining their garden .
he 'd arranged pale green boston lettuce and baby spinach leaves in a large glass bowl , which sat on the kitchen counter , along with two ripe tomatoes and a cucumber fresh from her garden .
for the last three years she 'd been the president of the garden club .
she remembered 204 rosewood lane a year ago , with its pristine lawn , thriving flower garden and new paint job .
today , however , was n't a day to dwell on the cancer that had struck her so unexpectedly , like a viper hiding in the garden .
charlotte had also included canned goods from her garden - sweet pickles , dill pickles , pickled beets , plus jams , jellies , peaches and pears .
after the conversation with his sister , mack went outside , determined to work on his garden .
mack had big plans for this garden .
` ` i searched around the gardens .
and lovely gardens they were .
` ` it dragged him to the italian gardens .
` ` mr . carstairs , '' she said stiffly , as if they were at a garden party .
through it what was clearly ` ` the italian garden '' was visible , ringed round by foliage .
within the circle the garden was lined with rows of statuary depicting classical heroes and figures of myth .
will muttered to jem as they moved through the italian garden , their boots - thanks to a pair of soundless runes - making no noise on the gravel .
` ` we 're not just discussing him ; we 're chasing him through an ornamental sculpture garden because he 's turned into a worm . ''
she had not liked being sent away from the gardens , where she might perhaps have helped - but tatiana had just seen her husband torn to pieces before her eyes by her own father .
everyone had been swarming about jem , and will , after roughly checking her for injuries in the garden , had barely spoken to her again .
there was a small paved court and a garden behind an elegant fence with a great deal of delicate scrolling ironwork .
left his bloody boot in the garden for us to find .
his mother had always been singing , music filling the corners of the manor house , singing while she walked beside the waters in the mawddach estuary , or among the daffodils in the gardens .
blood on the leaves of the garden , the remains of what had once been gabriel 's brother - in - law lying in thick pools of drying blood , hot jets of blood splattering gabriel 's gear as the arrow he had released drove into his father 's eye- ` ` regretting your decision to remain at the institute , gabriel ? ''
he had spoken to almost no one about his father since benedict 's death - if one could even count the thing that had died in the italian garden as his father .
a garden of metal flowers , withering and dying one by one , and the shadowhunters stood in the center of them , looking about themselves in wonder .
they went to the british museum and the national gallery , to kew gardens and to saint paul 's cathedral , where tessa finally lost her temper .
they had been to hyde park and kew gardens , the national gal ery and the british museum , the tower of london and traitors ' gate .
they had gone to see the cows being milked in st . james 's park , and the fruit and vegetable sellers hawking their wares in covent garden .
there was a square garden here surrounded by cloister walls , and people were walking around the edges of it , murmuring in low voices as if they were still in the church .
` ` a parsnip planted in satan 's own garden , '' said will .
' queen rose of the rosebud garden of girls ' ? ''
she heard will gasp - and then they were standing on one of the stone paths in the garden , near the ornamental pond , the great lightwood manor rising , silent and dark , above them .
` ` i was so disgusted by what i saw inside that room that i eventual y fought my way free and went out into the gardens for some fresh air .
charlotte 's tone was querulous , and tessa knew what she was thinking : did they have another spy , another serpent in their garden ?
he did not terrify her , as mortmain had , but rather disgusted her , the way the sight of a fat worm wriggling across a garden might .
a garden highlighted the front of the home with flowers of every color imaginable .
i know i pointed you to the guest bedroom and bathroom , but i thought you might want to take a soak in the garden tub in my bathroom . ''
no ruined vegetable garden shows the first signs of spring .
like at a discount garden store , flowers were everywhere , some real , some silk , some faded and plastic .
mommy has told you not to pull things out of other people 's gardens ! ''
a quick trip to the intranet revealed that arianna beasly 's in - laws owned a home in the garden district , while her family , the favreaus , still lived in the french quarter .
no doubt the beaslys owned a crypt in the more modern lafayette cemetery number one , which bordered the garden district .
she beckoned , and i stepped into a midnight garden .
she starts with fresh tomatoes straight from her garden .
nevertheless , i found myself sympathizing with eve in her garden .
her dad had already started designing his new gardens and a greenhouse he could use al year round .
the first depicted adam and eve in the garden of eden , and the second featured a unicorn and a lady .
she had been up at sunrise , hoeing the weeds out of her small vegetable garden , feeding the geese , washing her car .
if rachel worked in her garden , joe was usually close by .
she gathered the ripe tomatoes from her small garden and checked the bean vines ; the green beans would need gathering in another day or so .
while he was quiet she fed the animals and worked in the garden , gathering the green beans and the few tomatoes that had ripened overnight .
she weeded the garden and around the shrubs , and by that time the heat had become stifling .
a yard , a vegetable garden .
when everything was in the pot she darted out to the vegetable garden and gathered the ripe tomatoes , then ignored the heat and began pulling up weeds .
to occupy her time , she could finish weeding the garden now that it was late afternoon and the sun 's ferocious heat had abated somewhat .
he slowly limped around the yard , taking in every detail , while rachel fed joe and the geese , then set to work gathering the ripe vegetables from the garden .
he watched rachel as she worked in her small garden , content with her chores .
now that kell was on the mend and did n't require her constant attention rachel resumed her normal work schedule ; she finished planning her course and began working on her manuscript again , as well as tending the garden and doing all the other small chores that never seemed to end .
he 'd been right ; she slipped into stylish sophistication as easily as she puttered barefoot in the garden , and she was gut - wrenchingly sexy in either case .
he began helping her gather the vegetables from the garden , and he worked some with joe , gaining more of the dog 's trust and showing rachel how highly trained joe was .
no matter what they did , whether weeding the garden , jogging around the house , cooking a meal or arguing politics , desire ran between them like an invisible current , linking them together in a state of heightened awareness .
late that afternoon she walked out to the garden to gather a few fresh peppers to add to the spaghetti sauce she was cooking .
was that why the dog had n't come around the house when she went out to the garden ?
she would work in the garden , mow the lawn , wash the car , maybe even go swimming .
within a month she had been going about her normal activities , trying to salvage some of the vegetables in the garden , which had become overgrown from neglect .
from each of the three hundred bulbs she 'd planted in the garden , to the picket fence she 'd built and painted white , to every stick of furniture inside the house .
beyond , huddled in darkness , was her mother 's garden .
the shadowy stalks in mama 's garden glinted in the moonlight .
a huge , gaping hole showcased the wet , winter - dead garden beyond .
it overlooks the garden .
she thought of the garden in her backyard .
i started planting the garden last spring ... ...
she tried not to think about the garden , and all the plans she 'd had for it ... ...
she stepped down onto the brick path that bisected and outlined the garden .
she 'd always tried to picture her mama in the garden , maybe thinning the daffodils or trimming the roses , but all she 'd ever seen of her mother were black - and - white photographs , and even those had been scarce .
i came out here , ready to attack your mama 's garden .
after that , whenever you made me crazy , i came out here to the garden . ''
it hurt too much , and right now , in her mama 's garden , she was fragile .
elizabeth remembered that night in the garden , when she 'd blithely asked anita why she had n't had kids .
there was a bowl of fruit on the abbreviated counter and she noticed that the window in the kitchen overlooked an english - style garden .
erica stood up from behind her desk and looked out her window at the english - style garden beyond the glass .
but beyond was a lush garden , well attended .
i went over to the garden shed to find a flashlight .
` ` so i took some garden sheers and chopped it to pieces .
beth just loved the restaurant 's beautiful view overlooking the marsh in garden city , south carolina .
i have n't had a lecture like that since i put a garden snake in my sixth - grade teacher 's purse . ''
it still felt alive , like the dewy skin on a bulb of garlic her father had pulled fresh from his garden .
they would n't even take to the soil in her father 's garden in thunderbolt .
they say his wife , ellamena , had a lovely garden , and she wanted something to keep the guinea hens out of her tomatoes . ''
they walked along the blu 's edge , around the breakfast terrace , and along the west side of the dorms , past a rose garden luce had never seen before .
split into teams on the shu eboard court near the entrance , taking an evening stroll through a neatly pruned ower garden next to the pool .
it felt like the kind of heavy metal latch with a bolt and hasp used to lock a garden gate .
there came a soft thrashing sound , like the roots of a plant being pulled from a garden bed , and suddenly , miraculously , a border of moonbeam- white owers sprang up on either side of the path .
she ew down from it , a dark clot wielding two garden rakes , twirling them like batons in each of her hands .
` ` we met in the rose garden of his lord 's castle .
i ' ve looked for him in all our secret places - the hollowed oak tree in the forest , the northern fringe of the rose garden at dusk - but i have not seen him since . ''
she trampled through her mistress 's herb garden , unable to see the thyme through her tears .
she moved past them , to the entrance of a fantastic rose garden , where the blossomless bushes were sculpted into tall , wall - like hedges .
the old luce - lucinda - gazed longingly at the garden gate .
bill 's eyes fell on a diminutive stone gargoyle capping one of the columns of the garden gates .
a memory pushed to the front of luce 's mind : lucinda had disguised herself as a lady in her one fine gown and sneaked into the castle rose garden .
she was thinking of daniel , the way his eyes had lit up in the rose garden when he first approached lucinda ... . a rapping startled them all ; in the doorway , a woman 's face appeared .
` ` that sounds too simple , '' luce said , noting the intri - cacies of the buildings around her - the high onion - domed windows in one , the verdant herb garden creeping out the window of another .
` ` funny thing about the patina , '' dee said , kneeling down and rooting around in the garden for something .
as luce and the angels stood over her , dee brushed the dirt off a collared hole that had been buried in the garden .
but she could feel it molding around the small space in the garden where she and the others stood , emanating warmth and the feeling of being embraced by something powerfully protective .
her sweet next - door neighbor david franklin ordered pizza , which hailey improved by adding fresh oregano from the herb garden she 'd brought from home and installed in the corner by the window .
they rounded a stone wall that encompassed a flower - filled garden , and ron pulled the bentley to a stop in the parking lot in the middle of the complex .
she treated their room like a way station , a place she stopped between class and the library , between her job at the student union and her job at the olive garden .
maybe levi worked at the olive garden , too .
if he had a cat , the man would be one bad day away from grey gardens .
they did n't talk about any more of the flowers they were missing as they finished their loop through the gardens .
over the years mrs . mularkey had turned the ragged yard into an english - style garden full of flowers .
` ` for your organic garden . ''
tucking them into her waistband , she picked her way out of the garden and walked across the patio and along the side yard toward the driveway .
by late november , when the leaves had begun to fall and drop their bits of color onto her black , muddy , overgrown garden , she began to think - at last - that she could really do this , and by her first christmas with her daughter , she had begun to leave her to - do list behind .
from here , she could see that dorothy 's small vegetable garden was teeming with growth : bright red tomatoes , green beans , rows of leafy broccoli .
i could use some time in the garden .
tully limps out into the kitchen and has tea with her mother and they work in the garden , and i can see how strong she is growing .
tully puts down her coffee cup and moves toward him ; her steps are slow and uncertain on the tilled , rough dirt of the garden .
he was already imagining their evenings together in her garden .
which is why he now had enough firewood cut to last him through the next three winters , his kitchen and family room were freshly painted and in about three months , he 'd have one hell of a garden .
he loved that she 'd faced down her biggest nightmare , as cool and collected as if she were going to a garden party .
` ` some have argued that it was a pomegranate and not an apple that tempted eve in the garden of eden .
` ` it 's small but it has a beautiful garden .
julianne , please meet me in the garden .
unfortunately for gabriel , the extravagant gesture begged the question : if he was resourceful enough to construct a moroccan caravan in his garden , why could n't he have told her he planned to return ?
gabriel saw her standing in his garden , and his heart leapt .
` ` he wanted to live in harvard square , and he liked the garden .
and i know you love the garden . ''
she and aaron were married in a beautiful garden in philadelphia , and although aaron had initially rejected the idea of having fifty doves released at the moment the priest pronounced them husband and wife , rachel wore him down .
to a secret garden ?
she clipped a few small sprigs of parsley from his countertop herb garden for a garnish , which she placed alongside the orange sections that she 'd cut up and fanned next to the bacon .
bubbles lapped at the edge of the garden tub as she resurfaced , pushing long strands of hair out of her face .
tucking her hand firmly around his arm , he pulled her toward the open doors that led to the garden .
as they took the stairs into the garden , his pace quickened .
stanton inched his way carefully between the two angry men before picking up speed and melding into the garden shadows .
from her vantage point , she could see couples wandering through the intricate maze of hedges in the garden below .
overwhelmed and overheated , elizabeth was grateful when marcus led her out to the garden to enjoy the cool night air .
he had reinforced those skills at every opportunity - on the beach , in the garden , in almost every room of the guesthouse .
turning around , they headed away from the garden .
moving like shadows through the garden , they entered through the bustling kitchen .
barclay 's failure to foresee the events in the garden was excusable .
instead , she remembered how the sound of his voice in the garden had filled her with relief .
marcus had married her for his vengeance and he 'd gotten it from her tenfold , because some time between the horrendous evening in the chesterfield garden and yesterday , she 'd grown to care for him .
elizabeth waited in the far reaches of the garden .
and claire milton returned from the garden with twigs in her hair .
there had been someone else in the garden , someone who chased away her assailant .
not this new house with its charming garden pathways .
he had no notion if he was heading in the right direction to find the woman in the black domino or not , but it was the way to the rear garden .
others wended their way through the rear garden as they did , but all resisted straying too far .
behind him was a large window that overlooked the rear garden , or what would have been a rear garden if they 'd had one .
are you not haunted by our dance in the garden ? ''
he stared pensively over the rear ` ` garden . ''
` ` they have the doors to the garden . ''
she had not seen him well enough in the orlinda garden .
shielded by a cloak and hood , she exited to the rear garden , then out to the alley .
he hid his own clothes within a yew hedge lining the stone walls of the rear garden and exited out through the alley .
today , they had gone on an outing with their mother to admire the beauty of the countess fedosz 's winter garden .
` ` will you walk with me in the garden today ? ''
earleen williams lived on a street called garden park in a brick duplex .
for her that includes cultivating a beautiful garden , rereading her beloved husband 's wartime letters , feeding and caring for any cat that comes her way .
there was even space for a container garden , which pleased emma .
her mother had always had a garden .
` ` shall we retreat to the rear garden ?
there was a quiet spot not far from the cottage - up on a hill - from which she had a splendid view of the village of hardington with its quaint stone church , winding streets , and colorful gardens that lay like neatly arranged postage stamps behind the houses .
they had run about in the garden , called one another by their given names .
adrian watched as she ran down the steps and disappeared into the garden .
for a while they stood there , side by side , taking in the view of the rhododendrons that were in full bloom throughout the garden .
and then perhaps , once we ' ve had our fill of art , we can take some refreshments at vauxhall gardens . ''
` ` supper generally begins at nine , so we can take a turn of the gardens until then . ''
emily then told her sisters of her visit to the dulwich , and later trip to vauxhall gardens and how spectacular she had found it .
the carriage then took off with a jolt , leaving behind a distraught kate at the edge of green gardens .
he regretted that she had n't had a proper wedding gown , and that her flowers had been hastily picked in the garden , but for some reason , he sensed that she 'd been perfectly happy with that .
charlotte waited in the darkness , just beyond the tree line that surrounded the garden , biding her time .
it was late afternoon , and francis had asked parker to bring some refreshments out into the garden .
it looked like a mad chef had butchered a cow and an entire garden .
mila had turned this yard into a showpiece ; every year it was on the local home and garden tour as a magnificent example of northwest landscaping .
they walked through the constitution gardens ; snow glazed the tree branches and benches .
both eyed her speculatively when she approached them in the garden .
the windows were large and opened onto a balcony overlooking a beautifully maintained garden .
gone were the days of men leading unsuspecting women into the courtyards or gardens to look at the stars .
forcefully , nicholas handed the cup back to him and stalked outside to the gardens .
i am not some wanton girl trying to trap the great nicholas renwick in the gardens .
the first was because he was feeding his own lust in the garden , the second time out of anger , and the third time just to prove her wrong .
the others she danced with , the ones she at least found agreeable , ended up trying to trick her into going into the gardens with them .
sara ran to the closest door and threw it open , revealing a tiny garden walkway ; she hurried down the walkway toward the bench and turned around to see if anyone followed .
` ` what are you doing out in the gardens by yourself , and stripping out of your shoes , no less ? ''
what christian man nearly steals a girl 's innocence in the garden weeks before their arranged marriage ?
how swiftly things changed when one appeared to have a secret rendezvous in the garden .
sara nodded her head and followed , apparently someone saw her and nicholas in the garden .
was kissing in the garden really that heinous ?
the churning in her stomach told her it was about much more than kissing in the garden .
chapter twelve nicholas remained behind in the garden , collecting himself .
nicholas shook his head and led her outside to his lavish garden ; remembering her love of wildflowers he took her to the field where a basket was already set up .
now if he could only get his body and his mind to agree that sara was deceitful and manipulative he 'd been in physical pain since leaving her in the garden .
chapter nineteen sebastian stole several glances at emma as they walked arm in arm to the garden on the far side of the estate .
` ` and if i choose to hide in the gardens or stomp out the front doors ?
all the stolen moments in the gardens , on the balconies , and in the gambling halls had brought him right back to the place he had been .
a man without a mask was seen saving a girl from being accosted in the gardens .
oddly , being seen alone with whitmore was n't close to as bad as conversing with rawlings , but she wished more than anything it was rawlings who was forcefully leading her out into the gardens .
i do believe we should finish our conversation in the gardens , would n't you agree ? ''
nearly growling with frustration , he led her outside and down the rocky path through the darker parts of vauxhall gardens .
through a fog of lust , he vaguely recalled she was an innocent , undeserving of being accosted in a garden , but his brain rejected the notion immediately .
i do hope you are recovered from your ... fall in the gardens . ''
* * * artemisia nearly tripped over her stepson 's body on her way to the garden .
she could almost hear cuthbert declaiming that it was ` ` bad form to be found snoring off a debauch in one 's garden instead of one 's bed . ''
` ` is my father in the garden ? ''
southwycke 's garden was not fashioned after the popular french style , each blade of grass and leaf neatly manicured .
this garden grew in unruly profusion .
even if the words made sense in a garden , the world generally frowned upon speaking to thin air .
she peered around a large clump of pampas grass to see who had invaded her garden .
the only snake in this garden was the unconscious felix .
` ` for someone who has n't much to say now , you certainly were quite talkative in the garden . ''
from now on , kindly present yourself to cuthbert instead of skulking around in the garden .
he dropped out of the window and disappeared into the wilds of the duchess 's overgrown garden .
if only he could remember the way back through this higgledy - piggledy mess of a garden to the gate at the rear of the property .
he strolled away as if he 'd only been taking the air in the duchess 's wild garden .
he and i had a little chat in your garden . ''
she wondered how many of her guests had availed themselves of the garden or wandered into one of the great house 's many empty rooms in search of the same wanton pleasure .
trevelyn as thomas doverspike and her father had spoken about one in that cryptic conversation she 'd overheard in the garden .
` ` what brings such a pretty lady to me garden ? ''
` ` some weeks ago , a young man visited you in the garden , '' artemisia said .
in fact , you 're dressed well enough for a tea party in the garden . ''
` ` i should speak to your father , then arrange to be on bended knee in your wild garden with a ring in my hand , but the truth is , i do n't think i can wait . ''
the little minx must have hoisted herself up and over the sill and disappeared into her overgrown garden to avoid him .
off to the side , there was a lush garden , and as i stepped closer to get a better look , daniel walked out from under the ivy - covered trellis .
the vegetable garden was a patch of green - studded brown earth alongside the springhouse .
she looked at his grubby hand as if it were a garden slug .
probably planted petunias in the rose garden .
she was no stranger to riding crops either , farm land had stretched around her home town and she had gone to the feed and seed stores with her foster parents to but things for the garden , what the man would want with him she did n't understand .
in the past madd comm had occupied the second through sixth floors , and the top floor had contained a penthouse suite with a huge roof garden .
` ` a garden , ` ` henry added .
` ` jeremypromised me a garden . ''
` ` i mean - ` ` ` ` oh , do n't worry about it , ` ` the girl muttered , pushing past him and moving a fewsteps fartherinto the garden .
he wondered ; then he stilled , hiseyes narrowingas he spotted movement in thedarkness atthe periphery of the garden .
daniel said nothing , simply led her down into the garden .
` ` where doesthe alley side your garden ? ` `
against a garden wall.on astaircase .
it was all a bunchofbunk , of course.herface was red and blistered , her eyes bloodshot , and her hair was lying flatandunfancy uponherback because she had refused to wear her damn wig.she had left it inthurborne 's garden , anyway .
opening her mouth beneath his evenbefore he issued the invitation , shesoughtthe heat and excitement she hadexperienced in his mother 's garden .
meg usually spent her time helping henry inthurborne 's gardens , wherethe old tar spent his time driving daniel 's gardener crazy with questions and opinions .
` ` you see , '' he continued , ` ` lillian bray , who chairs the garden club and the ladies ' auxiliary , can be formidable when it comes to her gladioli - especially this time of year . ''
` ` why do n't ya 'll go unlock the ark and get out the wheelbarrow and the garden tools ?
tulane turned just in time to see millie polk and thelma hanks and a handful of other members of the last chance garden club strolling down the ruined walk .
so she 'd cried instead , until she remembered that she 'd promised the last chance garden club she 'd lend a hand with the cleanup of golfing for god .
he glanced away for an instant , watching the members of the last chance garden club as they fanned out like an army and began attacking the weeds .
after they helped the garden club , tulane took sarah to the red hot pig place , where they discussed the deidre problem over hush puppies and pulled pork .
` ` well , thank you , son , but it 's not my garden .
harry loves this garden , and the house , too .
she 's the chair of the christ church ladies auxiliary , a member of the town council , and the chair of the garden club .
` ` well , '' he said , his voice rich and warm , ` ` my aunt has amassed a very large collection of garden gnome statues , and i ' m thinking a golf course like this might be a good way to get them out of the vegetable garden . ''
` ` do you think petal would allow us to move some of her little people from the garden ? ''
but honest , i did n't go over there to rip up lillian 's garden . ''
` ` you should n't have tore up miz bray 's garden like that , '' haley said .
he 'd helped her rebuild her garden .
` ` we were sure they came from your garden , lillian , '' aunt miriam said .
but she forced a fake smile to her lips and said , ` ` oh , yes , we certainly did think they came from your garden , ms . bray .
those snakes had to cost someone a lot of money , and it 's funny because any fool could have gone out into the garden and found a harmless snake that would have scared you just as badly .
bill strolled into the room bearing an easter lily that he might actually have bought instead of picking from lillian 's garden .
he nodded , seemingly unaware that the members of the dance committee , book club , garden club , and ladies ' auxiliary were watching his every move and speculating on what was going to happen next .
if he wanted to scare me , all he 'd have to do is find a little garden snake .
paintings of elaborate garden scenes in shining metallic colors of every hue adorned each side .
near the queen 's statue was a garden that i knew well .
at least i 'd done a good job with the garden , i thought bitterly .
i immediately noticed that the bulk of the statue 's material blew toward the outer sides of the garden .
i ran across the garden i 'd appeared in and threw my arms around him .
it was like looking into the garden of eden .
i mean , did you just want a pretty garden , even as a strigoi ? '
the fog should have led her into the church 's garden .
only we appeared somewhere entirely unexpected : sonya 's garden .
when he placed me back on my feet , he studied the garden and nodded in approval .
i was back in sonya 's garden with all its sunshine and color , and she sat back in a chair , looking expectant .
the dream birds singing in the garden fell silent .
the sheltered passageway had led her most of the way from the summer garden 's east entrance to the marble boat where she 'd taken the dragon ferry to the small island behind her .
` ` i explored the summer palace gardens .
its massive main entrance foyer was three floors of glass and polished chrome which branched out into a large rectangular structure that encircled gardens , olympic sized pools , and even a small stable like some modern fort .
the way you included colby into our day together ... '' she motioned to the garden around them and the staff that perked up as soon as her hand raised .
the lush gardens of the salnyra oasis buffered the ancient castle from the harshness of the surrounding desert .
the father said , ` ` you certainly picked a beautiful flower for your garden , rachid . ''
good sex is like planting a garden in the spring .
do you put a seed in the ground and call that a garden ?
or would you tend that garden ?
there are techniques you can use that will help you to maintain your garden , and so many of them should happen outside of the bedroom . ''
` ` i based the indoor garden on japanese technology but with a few modifications .
` ` this is the garden district .
it was the vision of our founder phillip garden that you , as students and we , as faculty , might take one afternoon a year to benefit from the wisdom of voices outside the school , and so we meet here annually to learn from them , to see the world as others see it .
he felt rather like a boy he had once seen at a zoological garden in paris , who had poked a stick into a dozing tiger 's cage .
the conservatory had doors that led out into the garden ; it was the easiest way to come and go from the house without being seen - i used it all the time . ''
he 'd shoved it open and , leaving it hanging ajar , ran through the garden and out the gate , across the back fields - running without thought or destination , only running , until he tripped and fell .
she 'd come to find him in the garden , where tom forced him out to sit every afternoon , on the theory that it disturbed the household to know that he was still lying in his bed , staring at the ceiling .
he would set out for the beefsteak , and find himself wandering round the edge of hyde park or suddenly among the shouts of costermongers in covent garden .
as it was , he waited until the meal was finished , and took the letter with him out into the garden , where he finally opened it beneath a copper beech .
the day was bright , though cold , and the gardens had begun to bloom with snowdrops , tulips , and daffodils , blowing in the wind .
the sense of the dream stayed with him through breakfast , and he went out into the garden , in hopes that fresh air would clear his head .
there was no point in remaining with the garden rubbish , after all .
there was a fenced pasture behind the buildings , where a small flock of sheep was grazing , and a stone archway showed the ordered rows of a vegetable garden , where two lay brothers hoed weeds in the resigned manner of men who had long since accepted their sisyphean lot .
there was a flowering vine of some kind twining round the window , and the monastery 's herb garden was visible outside .
outside in the cloister walk , the day was fine , and fat bees buzzed over the herb garden that lay within the square of the cloister , dusted thick with the yellow pollen .
it was true ; the lawns spread a stately distance before and behind , and edging the back lawn were terraces of roses and other flowering bushes , with a walled garden to the left that was likely the kitchen garden ; grey saw what looked like espaliered fruit trees poking up above the plastered wall .
it was true ; the lawns spread a stately distance before and behind , and edging the back lawn were terraces of roses and other flowering bushes , with a walled garden to the left that was likely the kitchen garden ; grey saw what looked like espaliered fruit trees poking up above the plastered wall .
the small bell rang from the church , marking the hour of nones ; he saw the lay brothers in the garden lay down their hoes and shake the dirt from their sandals , ready to go in .
six o'clock tomorrow morning , in the gardens behind lambeth palace .
grey felt rather as though he 'd stepped on a garden rake which had leapt up and banged him on the nose .
the wind was cold outside the shelter of the kitchen garden , but he was sweating .
he made his way back toward the stables , nodding to keren - happuch , who was standing outside the kitchen garden , holding a vegetable basin and waiting patiently for the godless behavior inside the walls to cease .
slanting her head , taryn cast a glance around the garden .
a noise filtered over from the garden ... bushes rustling then a flash of yellow fur .
guthrie was resting on a couch , gazing out a window that took in a one - eighty - degree view of a back lawn that presented more like a state garden .
` ` will you escort me through the garden , my lord ? ''
lucien had followed her out to the garden , wanting desperately to claim her , and instead had watched her kiss fontaine .
` ` why do n't you ask me instead what i 'd do if you went further into the garden with me ? ''
fuming and frustrated , wishing she would disdain him instead of entice him , lucien wrapped his fingers around her elbow and dragged her away from the manse , descending the wide grassy steps into the darkened lower gardens .
he could n't take her like this , like a whore in someone 's garden .
` ` remain in the garden for a few moments .
without a word , lucien strode through the open french , doors and out to the garden beyond .
i 'd felt strange going into hong kong garden # 5 knowing waylon was going to be outside waiting .
a walk - in closet is a surprise , the surprisingly roomy bathroom equipped with garden tub is a joy , and the french door leads to the best part of the apartment . ''
they have stepped out into the garden , '' suzette explained before he could finish his question .
i imagine vast gardens planted in the dugouts , bursting with carrots and beans .
' we 're growing less than half what we need to survive , ' julie says as we pass the gardens , just a blurry dream of green behind the translucent walls of the hothouses .
hi , my name is : gardens kitchens warehouse garage armoury corridor 2 goldman dome aig arena lehman field and so on .
this home boasted wrought - iron balco - nies , cooly shaded patios , and endless gardens of lemon and olive trees .
stone floors led to an extensive garden with a small lagoon pool .
she left him in the garden with the woman and did n't look back .
have a nice garden wedding in bergamo later on this year . ''
the carved - stone pathways led to a private terrace and pool area surrounded by lush gardens and walkways .
after you settle , we shall meet in the garden for some coffee and snacks . ''
the alcove was surrounded by a walled garden of vivid blooms - a twist of yellows , bloodreds , and purples all screaming for attention .
the elaborate mansion held its own helicopter pad , lagoon , gardens , and hot tubs .
ivy climbed over the massive brick walls and matching clock tower surrounded by jungle greens and elaborate gardens .
` ` do you want to go for a walk in the gardens ? ''
limestone lent a cool , fresh air to the spa , and the lush gardens snuck around each of the buildings set up with benches , sculptures , and trickling fountains .
he got used to living alone again , cooking , cleaning , and doing his own laundry , and he even worked in the garden as she used to , though he did n't enjoy it as much as she did .
` ` hey , sweetheart , '' catherine said as she looked up from the garden .
candace wandered off to explore every nook and cranny of the gardens .
the wall slid open like a curtain to reveal moon - washed gardens , the roar of a waterfall and a spa large enough to lie down in without touching the sides .
gardens and flower boxes abounded .
` ` perhaps le cafe located in the lower terrace gardens , your - monsieur rossi ? ''
chapter 11 twenty - four more hours and she 'd be gone.madeline kept to the outer fringes of the large private garden housing the wedding reception .
she turned toward the back corner of the garden where she 'd been hiding , and saw fernand yards away from her hiding spot .
she had n't visited the pool and rooftop garden yet , and while she 'd like to , she 'd prefer to save that experience for later , when toby was n't in the building .
` ` i will have lunch with you because i ' m hungry and i 'll sit in the garden while you swim with your trunks on .
edward hissed , and pointed toward one of the porticoes opening onto lord hartwell 's frozen garden .
these fancy gents make frequent trips out to the garden to smoke and ... other things , but most of them are on the puny side and for the longest time i did n't see any whose clothes i thought i could fit into , '' he said , clearly enjoying stringing out the tale .
the tiny space was magical when giovanni was with her , a fleshly pleasure garden .
after all , when a man marries for money , he expects to have to do more than look the gift - horse in the mouth , he thought as he pushed through the double doors that led out to the frigid garden .
lindy laughed at the visual image of susan holding the boys while jeff brought around the garden hose .
she chatted about the classes she took , or how her herb garden was coming along .
in four months , when you return , i should be well into book 2 , and i hope to impress the hell out of you with my rendition of ` ` country garden '' or something swanky from mozart .
what about the garden ?
` ` my garden needs watering , and uncle adam said it 's important to give the plants a drink every morning and every night . ''
when she reached up to pick guavas off the tree , she could have been eve in the garden of eden .
if so , being booted out of the garden must have been a real bummer .
now if the snakes would stay out of the garden , they 'd be all set .
in the lawn and garden department they 'd found a serious - looking tank - and - wand arrangement that would substantiate the exterminator disguise .
she stepped into the plastic gardening clogs that were always by the door and went into her garden .
she kicked off the orange clogs and walked along the stone path from the garden to the patio .
low stone walls delineated magnificent gardens .
four jude loved her garden in october .
she lost herself in the work of planting bulbs , imagining how each choice would alter the garden next spring .
caroline everson walked around her bullet car and into the vibrant garden with the bearing of an ice pick .
` ` have you agreed to be on the garden tour yet ? ''
the end game was what mattered to her mother , and until jude showed this garden on the island tour , she would somehow be a failure .
while miles showered and dressed for work , she stood at her bedroom window , sipping coffee , trying to imagine how she could improve the borders in her garden .
she grabbed her coat and stepped into the garden clogs on the porch and headed up the gravel driveway .
nine in early june , the garden was miraculous .
the deep green english boxwood she 'd taken such time with was well on its way to becoming the bones of the garden .
if she wanted to go back to school for landscape architecture , she could ; if she wanted to open a garden accessories store , she could .
to combat the whole party obsession , jude had taken her cue from the plain old garden spider : she created an attractive web .
all those hours she 'd spent in her garden and never had she planted a single creamy white rose .
they were doing their best , zach and miles , and they did n't understand why jude could n't pretend , why she could n't go out for lunch with her friends or work in her garden .
instead of welcoming them , jude crossed her arms and glanced out at her garden .
the garden was untended , the planter boxes were empty .
to her left was the garden she 'd given up on .
how about if i read more of the secret garden to you ? ''
looking out , she saw her mangled , untended garden .
` ` are we gon na read more of the secret garden tonight , daddy ? ''
she could n't help noticing again the runaway garden and remembering how clipped and cared for it once had been .
in bare feet , she walked across the dewy grass and stared down at her runaway garden .
she stood there a long time , looking down at her ruined and yet still beautiful garden .
taking the packet of seeds from the shelf , she walked out and stood in the center of her overgrown garden .
with a smile , she threw the seeds across the garden .
it 's about the time i ' m creeping into the courtyard of poison kitchen - under the archway draped in black , frozen ivy , into the garden of medieval tombstones where the murdered monks lie buried - that i start to wonder if i ' m being creepy .
gone were the relaxing conversations with friends on the telephone , or walks or baths , or even working in her garden .
the past was n't merely a garden of roses and sunshine ; the past held its share of heartbreak as well .
then he reached over to turn on the water in the big garden tub .
only a few miles from the huge crowds of myrtle beach , garden city was small and quaint and attracted mainly families looking for a vacation spot with more family- friendly amenities and the freedom to enjoy the beach with a little more privacy than myrtle beach offered .
they were now heading from the main hub of the hotels of garden city and to the section with many privately owned beach houses .
there were community gardens , and if you were a seasonal camper , you could get your own little eight - by - eight plot of land that would be good for growing your salads , your beans , and your tomatoes .
krysta was craning her neck , looking at the wildflower beds , at some kids playing croquet in one of the overgrown fields , at the giant pirate ship that her parents had added and turned into an herb garden rather than a child 's playground .
seated across a small table in the sun on that favored rooftop garden , a triple latte in front of her , helping the headache to recede , she let her face go completely slack , leaned over and took both of jeremy 's hands in hers , his fingers so long and strong she wanted to close her eyes and just feel them .
jeremy 's presence quickly faded as lydia walked toward the edge of the rooftop garden and stared out , her face against the wind .
rocking chairs , window boxes with herb gardens growing in them , the occasional marigold peeking through , a bit limp in this early august weather .
on the walk to his cabin he spotted multiple garden sculptures , a few overturned pink bicycles for little girls , countless children running in rag - tag groups , and saw more people relaxing than he 'd seen since - well , since he was a kid .
it was simple , no bigger than a garden shed , but with a little proch attached to the front and two plastic chairs for sitting .
like how she felt when she sat on top of a coffee house , in the rooftop garden among flowering bushes , small plants , little herb gardens ; the hippie feel of the kind of place that had been regulated out of cities like boston and cambridge .
like how she felt when she sat on top of a coffee house , in the rooftop garden among flowering bushes , small plants , little herb gardens ; the hippie feel of the kind of place that had been regulated out of cities like boston and cambridge .
` ` this was your mom 's garden , '' she said softly .
` ` gardens are very special places , are n't they ?
` ` we can save this garden , izzy .
it 's lavender with little yellow flowers - just like your mom 's garden will be - and a matching yellow hat . ''
` ` it 's a good day to get that flower garden into shape .
annie , who was going to make her mommy 's garden grow again .
it was time to revive kathy 's garden .
she led her across the necklace of stepping stones that formed a meandering trail through the large garden .
when she got there , he was in the garden with izzy .
they walked through the soggy grass , and annie eased open the new white gate to the garden .
afterward , when the first flower had bloomed , she and izzy and nick had sat in the garden in a darkening night and shared their memories of kathy .
if they stopped watering , this contrived garden would shrivel and die .
` ` i ' m gon na check the garden , '' izzy said when they pulled into the driveway .
her thoughts scrolled back to the garden , to a handful of straggling shasta daisies , and a small , black - gloved hand .
she read an article in the same magazine about herb gardens .
the times they 'd spent working in the garden were among the fondest memories she had of her mother .
neither a home , at least not like the one she 'd been raised in , nor a garden seemed to be in her future .
` ` i was in a garden . ''
` ` the garden of eden ? ''
` ` i take it dad told you about his experience in the garden of eden ? ''
` ` it was the garden of eden ? ''
` ` my own garden of eden . ''
it was just like valerie to plant the seeds of doubt and then fly off , leaving steffie to deal with the result - a garden full of weeds !
a small garden plot had been scratched into the earth nearby , but the few plants showing were no more than sprouts , the tender leaves limp and blackened with late frost .
not the burned cabin , the pitiful bodies , the pathetic dead garden .
the night air seemed restless with the passage of spirits , and i had felt the dragging melancholy of that desolate garden , that row of graves , all through the events and alarums of the evening .
i 'd gone up to my garden to pick greens , only to discover said greens seething with wedge - shaped bodies and shuffling , clawed feet , my lettuces and cabbages gnawed to ragged nubbins and the morning - glory vine on the palisade hanging in shreds .
in cold - blooded retrospect , it was a sensible thing to have done ; there were other fields at risk , not only of barley , but of ripening corn , wheat , potatoes , and hay - to say nothing of the garden patches most families depended on .
in actual fact , it had been a decision made in boiling rage - sheer , bloody - minded revenge for the destruction of my garden .
i had turned the earth in my garden the day before , planting the winter seeds to sleep and swell , to dream their buried birth .
my back ached , my knees creaked like hinges , my fingernails were caked with dirt , and strands of hair stuck to my neck and cheeks - but the new crops of pole beans , onions , turnips , and radishes were planted , the cabbages weeded and culled , and a dozen large peanut bushes had been pulled up and hung to dry on the garden palisades , safe from marauding squirrels .
rooting up the catmint and lemon balm that threatened to engulf the far corner of the garden ?
i glanced toward the western end of the garden , where the bees were buzzing happily among the tall yellow umbels of the dauco plants .
i led him to the small bench jamie had made me , set beneath the shade of a black gum tree that overhung the north side of the garden .
i held him quietly , patting his back and keeping watch through the flickering green shadows of the vine - twined palisades , lest anyone else come looking for me in the garden .
i think she 's in the kitchen garden with phaedre . ''
` ` i 'll have an ounce , '' i said , though in fact i had plenty growing in my own garden .
likely set it free in her garden to eat mice , pragmatist that she was .
` ` garden of eden , '' she explained to me , rubbing the design lightly betwixt her fingers .
getting awkwardly to my feet , i waved him to the little bench jamie had made for me in a shady nook beneath a flowering dogwood that overhung the corner of the garden .
i asked , with a vivid memory of my last interview with an awkward young man in this garden .
84 among the lettuces some idiot - or child- had left the gate of my garden open .
i scrambled to my feet , and keeping low in case of enraged bees , thrust my way through the brush uphill , meaning to circle the garden and come down on the other side , away from the ravaged hives .
across the clearing , she saw mrs . bug come down the path from the garden with an apron full of cabbages and carrots ; claire had not set foot in her garden since ... ` ` will they be all right ? ''
across the clearing , she saw mrs . bug come down the path from the garden with an apron full of cabbages and carrots ; claire had not set foot in her garden since ... ` ` will they be all right ? ''
rather like sitting in the garden , listening to the bees hum in their hives- i stopped that thought in its tracks , feeling my heart jolt in memory , electric as a bee sting .
blotting a similar condensation from my cheeks and nose , i got up and threw open the window closest to me , drawing in a deep gulp of the evening air , cloyingly warm , but fresh , and sweet with honeysuckle and roses from the garden , undercut with dankness from the distant shore .
` ` a few days later , i went out to tend my garden and found the little - miss christie lying in my lettuce patch with her throat freshly cut .
` ` you know that there were bee gums at the edge of my garden ?
the murderer kicked two of them over in fleeing ; he must have been stung several times - i was , when i came into the garden .
i asked , my throat tightening again - i thought it always would - at the memory of the sunlit garden and the two neat , small bodies , ruined and wasted .
her lips tightened a little at the thought of malva christie , who had perhaps gone to a rendezvous of her own in claire 's garden .
i had forced myself to go back to my garden in the spring after malva 's death - i had to ; sentiment was all very well , but we had to eat .
` ` go to campbell 's garden , where nae cat stands warden , and the kale , it grows green .
we had arrived at the part of the gardens known as the ` ` green carpet . ''
no doubt they were being tactfully shooed into the garden while the kitchen staff hastily prepared another dinner and reset the massive table for them .
murtagh was on the far side of the garden , much too far away to help .
the smell of the gardens of versailles rose sharp and fresh from the folds of his shirt .
in fact , it was the cheeks that recalled her to me ; the girl i had glimpsed in the garden at versailles , just before the unsettling appearance of alexander randall .
he guided me down one of the garden paths , lit by lantern - bearing servants , who stood like bollards at five - yard intervals from the terrace to the fountain at the bottom of the path .
` ` at least ye smelt like a woman , not a damn flower garden .
it would be a beautiful day , i could tell , the spring air ripening with warmth , and the plum blossoms bursting pink and white and bee - rich in the gardens of versailles .
the courtiers would be outside in the gardens today , rejoicing in the weather as much as the barrowmen who wheeled their wares through the streets .
she said , and vanished down the corridor , leaving me gazing blankly at a scene of amorous love in a garden , hanging on the opposite wall .
again and again , i saw him from my window , sitting disconsolately beneath a hawthorn bush in the garden , hugging his knees and looking down the road toward paris .
taking umbrage at a disparaging remark of johnny 's about ` ` bonnet lairds , '' which he had - quite accurately - interpreted as an insult to jamie , fergus had been forcibly prevented from assaulting johnny in the rock garden a few days before .
i had taken advantage of the transient warmth to be outside , however briefly , and was crawling on my knees through the rock garden behind holyrood , much to the amusement of several highlanders hanging about the grounds , enjoying the sunshine in their own manner , with a jug of homebrewed whisky .
shoulders hunched and head bowed in thought , at a distance he looked like a gnome , a natural inhabitant of this man - made rock garden , with its tilted stones and creeping lichens .
we went out into the dimness of the rock garden , passing the sentry with no more than a nod .
i kicked my way through a barrier of dead leaves and rubbish , ducking from the flickering moonlight of the palace 's back garden into the absolute darkness of the church .
i walked for some time , finally turning into the front garden of a small italian restaurant with a terrace near the river .
i saw heads turn as the people fell silent , looking up the stretch of east bay street , where it ran from the half - built skeleton of the new customs house toward white point gardens .
` ` just on the edge of the garden of eden . ''
they were in a garden somewhere ; there were lawn chairs , and a table with drinks in a background dappled with the scattered light of tree leaves .
among the scents of brandy and cigar smoke , i could smell the night on him , and the faint musky spice of nicotiana ; he had been walking , then , amid the flowers in the garden .
from the screen of trees near the river , a brick walk swept up through a broad array of formal lawns and gardens , splitting in two to circle paired marble statues that stood in their own beds of flowers , then joining again and fanning out in a broad piazza in front of an imposing two - storied house , colonnaded and multichimneyed .
i heard jocasta murmur something to ulysses ; he summoned a small serving girl with a clap of his hands and sent her zooming off into the lanterned half - dark of the gardens , presumably in search of him .
` ` meet me by the herb garden - and take care not to fall down the stairs and break your neck , aye ? ''
his gesture took in the house and fields behind us - and everything else : the river mooring , the orchard , the gardens , the stables , the endless acres of resinous pines , the sawmill and the turpentine camp - and the forty slaves who worked them .
oh , river run was a garden of earthly delight , all right ... but i had called a black man friend , and left my daughter in his care .
walking through the gardens and orchards , rowing past the acres of thick pines , visiting the mill - he was surveying the domain he was offered , weighing and evaluating , deciding what complications must be dealt with , and whether he could or would accept the challenge .
we touched each other for what might have been a very long time or no time at all , together in the garden of earthly delight .
it was red , fiona was short , and in it she looked like a garden gnome .
any crofter worth his salt could feed his family from a garden plot , the soil 's so rich . ''
i had taken on the chores of stillroom and garden , and never dealt with needlework beyond the simplest mending .
i nursed ian , who was feverish and miserable , fed the stock , weeded the garden , picked tender young cucumbers for pickling , and set lord john , who was disposed to be helpful , to work shelling beans .
i found large prints and scrapings on the new - turned ground of claire 's garden today .
` ` that 's because there 's no way of keeping things ; anything you eat has either been salted or preserved in lard , if it is n't half rancid - or else it 's fresh off the hoof or out of the garden , in which case it can be bloody marvelous . ''
everything was hushed ; no insects hummed yet in her mother 's garden , and there were no rustlings , even from the dry corn - stooks propped in the field .
i made a mental note to keep away from the end of the garden where the row of bee gums sat ; newly moved bees were inclined to sting first and ask questions afterward .
we had been walking in the gardens one day , and turned a corner to find the bactrian camel advancing toward us down the path , splendid and stately in its gold and silver harness , towering in calm disdain above a crowd of gawking spectators - strikingly exotic , and utterly out of place among the formalized white statues .
claire was in the palisaded garden , a basin on one hip , snapping beans from poled vines .
damn the dry weather ; it had n't rained in nearly a month , and the shrunken haft of his ax was less worrying than the drooping heads of the plants in claire 's garden near the house .
winter was nearly here ; the foraging was over , the garden harvested , the preserving done .
she had kissed her white - lipped mother goodbye and then left , running through the dead garden , not looking at him .
tall elms bordered the walled garden ; somewhere beyond those stark bare branches lay the mountains .
muffled in thick cloaks , they turned into the kitchen garden , where the high walls gave them some shelter from the wind .
he motioned her through the archway into the ornamental garden , where they would be invisible from the house .
the garden was bleak , but orderly ; all the dead stalks of the year before had been pulled out , the dry stems chopped and scattered as mulch over the beds .
the fire had nearly filled the river , a great floating slick that bloomed from bank to bank in a fiery garden of unfolding flames .
he 's ... talking to brianna in the garden . ''
the garden was a tangle of old dried stalks and random shoots , the paddock an empty shell .
66 child of my blood some enterprising rabbit had dug its way under the stakes of my garden again .
the partial remains of a snare - killed rabbit , to be exact , retrieved from the edge of the garden and set out to wait for visitors .
` ` claire 's garden needs spading , there 's barley to be turned at the still , and there 's an almighty heap of manure waitin ' in the stable .
he stood on tiptoe to peer over the hedge into the next garden .
` ` yes , he was down at the edge of the garden on this side , standing by the fence .
we shall , be in the herb garden . ''
would ye care for a look at the herb gardens ?
the herb garden , valuable repository of healing and flavors that it was , was cradled in an inner courtyard , large enough to allow for sun , but sheltered from spring winds , with its own wellhead .
rosemary bushes bordered the garden to the west , chamomile to the south , and a row of amaranth marked the north border , with the castle wall itself forming the eastern edge , an additional shelter from the prevailing winds .
` ` divide 'em and plant the buds single , one here and one there , all round the garden .
numerous marigolds were scattered throughout the garden , bursting into golden flower .
in fact , i was becoming slightly bored with the round between garden , stillroom , and kitchen .
when i went to the garden , someone went with me .
rising at dawn with the rest of the castle inhabitants , i breakfasted in the great hall , then , if mrs . fitz had no patients for me to see , i went to work in the huge castle gardens .
the air came in through the chinks in warm drafts , scented with stock and sweet william and garlic from the gardens outside , and the pleasant animal smell of the horses wafted up from below .
all other washing was done either in bits , using basin and ewer , or outside , either in the loch or in a small , stone - floored chamber off the garden , where the young women were accustomed to stand nak*d and let their friends throw buckets of water over them .
the morning was spent alone in the garden and fields with my basket and digging stick .
` ` i lived at the castle for a year , and had speech of her maybe once that i remember , when she called me to her chamber and gave me the raw side of her tongue for leading a game of shinty through her rose garden . ''
we took a different way down , crossing the roof to an outer stairway that led down to the kitchen gardens , where i wanted to pull a bit of borage , if the downpour would let me .
` ` weel , after they 'd poured water on malcolm grant and brought him to his senses , he managed to tell them what dougal wouldna pause to hear - that ellen had spent but a quarter - hour wi ' him in the rose garden .
he caught me once or twice in the garden or the courtyard , but there was room to get away , wi ' no more harm than him kissing my ear .
i saw patients in the surgery , i occupied myself as much as i could in the gardens , and i tried to distract myself by browsing in colum 's library , but still time hung heavy on my hands .
besides the arbor , there was a small walled garden , blooming with the last of the summer roses .
at lallybroch itself , i poked about the house and grounds , making myself useful wherever i could , mostly in the gardens .
besides the lovely little ornamental garden , the manor had a small herb garden and an immense kitchen garden or kailyard that supplied turnips , cabbages , and vegetable marrows .
besides the lovely little ornamental garden , the manor had a small herb garden and an immense kitchen garden or kailyard that supplied turnips , cabbages , and vegetable marrows .
besides the lovely little ornamental garden , the manor had a small herb garden and an immense kitchen garden or kailyard that supplied turnips , cabbages , and vegetable marrows .
with a glance at the form within , head bent in prayer , anselm led me past the quiet darkness of the chapel entrance and down the cloister , out to the edge of the garden .
he was obviously restless and uncomfortable , but eased a bit as i told him about my explorations of the day ; the library , the chapel , the winepress , and finally , the herb garden , where i had at last met the famous brother ambrose .
she had seen to her surgery ; now she was going to her garden before it got completely dark ; he caught a glimpse of her against the sky on the upward path behind the house , the last of the daylight caught like cobwebs in her hair .
snug barn and sound sheds , a penfold and paddock in good repair , a tidy fence of palisades around claire 's scraggly garden , to keep out the deer .
when i wanted to go out into the back garden to play with a mate , mrs . graham would have to come , too , to drive the bastards off to their own yard with a broomstick .
` ` then the milkman came by one morning while the geese were in their front garden .
he was generally aware that he had been blessed in her beauty ; even in her usual homespun , knee - deep in mud from her garden , or stained and fierce with the blood of her calling , the curve of her bones spoke to his own marrow , and those whisky eyes could make him drunk with a glance .
the day was cold but still and bright , and a number of guests , mostly men who found the civilized atmosphere within too suffocating for their tastes , were clustered in argumentative groups in the corners of the terrace , or strolling round the paths of the newly - sprouting garden , where their tobacco pipes might fume in peace .
judging by that , the slaves could be planting corn in the river run kitchen garden any day now .
she heard her name , hissed from behind the wall of the kitchen garden , and turned , startled , to find her father 's head poking cautiously round the corner , like a ruddy snail .
then she caught a whiff of alcohol , pungent among the garden scents of carrot tops and sun - ripened manure .
the brick - walled kitchen garden was near to the cookhouse , but a good three hundred yards from the main house , and separated from it by a rhododendron hedge , and several flower beds .
` ` in the kitchen garden , '' she elaborated .
i came back through the kitchen garden , and there the woman was , flat on her back on the shit heap . ''
` ` did she lie down in the garden on purpose , or was it only an accident that you found her there ? ''
it had been more than two hours since jamie had discovered her in the kitchen garden , but i thought i might still be able to discern symptoms , if she had been as badly affected as he had described her .
i would have had a much greater effect had i been arguing with the brick wall of the kitchen garden .
52 a hard day 's night the outbuilding where they had put the body was well away from the house - a small toolshed outside the kitchen garden .
the waning moon was low in the sky , but still shed light enough to see the brick path through the garden ; the espaliered fruit trees spread black as spiderwebs against the walls .
they would hardly be burying betty in the kitchen garden ; the digging must be for something prosaic , like an onion bed or a trench for early peas .
a glow was visible now above the far wall of the kitchen garden ; the roof of the shed was beginning to burn , fire - glow showing in brilliant thin lines as the pine shingles began to smoke and curl .
people were running back and forth through the garden , shadows flitting along the walkways like phantoms , mere feet from my hiding place .
much as i wanted to hear jocasta 's story , i wanted even more to be alone with jamie , to tell him what i had discovered , and to find out what had happened in the darkness of the kitchen garden .
` ` is this the woman that you and bree found in the garden ? ''
` ` when i left the stable , i thought i heard voices near the wall of the kitchen garden .
` ` who could blame her for stealing away into the kitchen garden to enjoy it ? ''
it was april , warm for the season , and claire 's garden was rampant with growth : green spikes and sprouting leaves and small brilliant flowers , climbing vines that twisted up the palisades and opened silent white trumpets slowly above him as he worked in the gathering twilight .
who makes a garden works with god .
i brought some food '' - she waved at the bulging saddlebags on her horse- '' and some herbs from the sherstons ' garden i thought you might use . ''
the air was filled with the pungent scent of tree - sap , oozing from the severed branches , and he thought fleetingly of claire 's garden , turned earth , churned earth beneath his boots , the fresh - turned earth of furrows and graves , and hobson sitting in the sun by the log , the look of surprise not yet gone from his eyes .
she turned to see a dark spot on the plaster - looking closer , she could see that it was a vagrant bee , blundered in from the garden during the day , somnolent now in the shadows .
i had ; my original single hive had expanded , and i now had nine bee - gums bordering my garden .
mr . stanhope did promise to send ye bits from his friend 's garden , aye ? ''
that was an exciting possibility ; mr . stanhope 's friend mr . crossley had an extensive ornamental garden , with a large number of exotic and imported species , and stanhope had offered to see whether crossley might be amenable to an exchange ; seeds and cuttings of some of the rarer european and asian herbs from his collection , for bulbs and seeds from what stanhope described as my ` ` mountain fastness . ''
the trees in the mountains were barely beginning to leaf out , but in wilmington , flowers were already glowing in the gardens , spikes of yellow columbine and blue larkspur nodding over the tidy fences on beaufort street .
the goat , however , was employed in eating nettles in the next - door garden , and declined to be caught .
that was when she 'd seen his garden patch .
seth wilbee was working in his garden , an interesting hodgepodge of unrecognizable vegetables and weeds .
i thought your garden would be done by now . ''
they stopped to admire a spring scene with seed packets , baskets , and garden tools .
` ` when do you plant a garden ? ''
after visiting with them , nora led aundy toward the garden supplies .
` ` i ' ve never planted one before and have no idea how to go about it , '' aundy said , picking up a garden trowel and wondering what purpose it served .
` ` well , silly girl , i 'll be teaching you all about gardens , then , '' nora said , taking the trowel out of aundy 's hand and shaking her head .
` ` erik always planted a garden , although none of the men liked taking care of it .
although somewhat dated and out of style , aundy did n't think the chickens or the vegetable garden would care .
hurrying into the kitchen , she put on a pair she 'd used in the garden , thinking the soiled fingers would look like a man might have used them for hard labor .
` ` for the garden .
it was the pledge of a special treat that resulted in the garden being plowed that morning .
after li promised to make glen fritters for supper in trade for preparing the garden ground , he quickly plowed a space near the house .
she ordered a wide variety of vegetable seeds for their garden and was excited to discover erik 's mother had long ago planted blackberries and strawberries .
they worked most of the morning planting the garden then aundy made sandwiches and took lunch out to nik .
` ` li helped me plant the garden this morning , '' aundy said , laughing at her statement .
` ` perhaps it would be more truthful to state i helped li plant the garden this morning .
she noticed the green sprouts coming up in the garden and decided to spend time weeding soon .
the blue room was at the front of the house with a view to the street , whereas his was at the back with a view of a small formal garden and courtyard below .
even if the money 's not there yet , i could walk along the seine , and through the tuileries garden , and ... '' then she remembered that she 'd interrupted his work .
holding her hand i led her outside and down the stairs of the back porch until we were in the flower garden located in the far corner of miranda 's yard .
i nodded my head to one of the ornate stone benches that lined the garden and then reached behind my back grinning .
the young man who couriered jasper 's note to her urged her expeditiously through an iron gate and along a cobblestone pathway bisecting a garden that was immaculate , if uninspired .
eliza turned away from the french doors leading to the rear garden and faced jasper .
as she drew closer , montague parted from jasper and moved toward the open doors leading to the moonlit garden .
eliza gaped as the woman hurried out to the garden .
the cranmores had a heterogeneous garden featuring a hedgerow maze , a pagoda , various - sized obelisks , a recreation of a grecian temple ruin , and a gazebo covered in climbing roses .
if you were of a mind to steal a few moments of my time away from prying eyes and ears , where in this garden would you go ? ''
` ` unlike the young lady we heard in the cranmores ' garden the other night , my mother went willingly to montague 's bed . ''
` ` think of the garden of eden .
` ` the town is just as hard to find as the garden . ''
i feel as if i ' ve swallowed the entire garden full of searing - hot cacti as i pull up the collar of my shirt and turn .
pete sighs and stares out the window at the little desertlike garden outside our room .
i still remember stirring awake the night of the stings , the small garden outside our room completely dark by then .
` ` i 'd give you a whole f**king garden if i could . ''
i wanted a f**king rose garden for my wife , and this is what the guys could help me do .
` ` i was just about to go into the garden , dear .
it was pleasantly warm in the garden , the morning air scented by late roses in the borders adjoining the high walls .
in spite of its shrubs and flowering beds and attractive fountain , the garden was as much a prison as the house .
concha jerked her head towards the garden wall that bordered the narrow roadway in question .
' this is a pleasant garden , ' he went on .
feeling a great need for fresh air and open space she made her way instead to the garden behind the inn .
on their return to the inn , he went in search of elena and found her with concha in the garden at the rear of the premises .
then , needing some fresh air , she betook herself to the garden once more .
the suite was comprised of a living room with a sofa and chaise lounge chair facing a stone - hearthed fireplace , a separate bedroom sporting a king bed adorned with a fluffy white down comforter , and a large bathroom with a glass enclosed shower and separate garden tub , but it was spacious and well - appointed .
one of these days she was going to dig up a section of her lawn and plant an honest - to - goodness garden .
she told him about her plan to dig up a portion of her back lawn and turn it into an herb garden .
they 're going to dig up that garden space you ' ve been talking about for the past two summers . ''
` ` you said something last night about wanting to grow an herb garden , did n't you ? ''
digging up the earth for her herb garden was a good example .
an hour later , carol was working in the garden space alex had tilled for her several weeks earlier .
` ` i 'd rather be working in my garden . ''
` ` i 'd like to remove part of the lawn for a rose garden . ''
` ` i have a deadline for the garden . ''
he might not find planting a rose garden particularly significant , but she did .
this garden would be a tribute to her husband , to paul .
` ` where do you want the rose garden ? ''
then you and i can decide where would be the best spot for your rose garden . ''
put together a bid or research where best to plant the garden ? ''
` ` do whatever will get my rose garden in by memorial day , '' she suggested .
we went out to select an area to plant the rose garden .
` ` i 'd rather you saw to my rose garden first .
the yellow jessamine was blooming on the archway leading to the garden , and the chinese fringe shrubs were an explosion of fuchsia .
he leaned back and took a sip while looking out over the tranquil view of the pool and garden in the bush setting .
she chatted to her daughter as she carried her around the garden beds and stopped to smell the flowers .
beyond the glass doors , adam carried nicole as he took her on a stroll around the garden beds , probably giving his parents some time alone together .
heaven scent looked like a garden , with potted flowers blooming throughout the space .
the calling of her name as jess returned to the relative safety of the rear garden caused her to stumble .
she favored her mother 's people , of course , but she was definitely a weed in the davenport garden .
she was just different , a quirky wildflower growing in the middle of a sedate , well - ordered southern rose garden , and no one knew quite what to make of her .
lucinda stared out over the perfectly manicured lawn , the flower gardens , the pastures beyond where her beloved horses bent their sleek , muscular necks to graze .
we could have it here , in the garden , or at the country club .
i want to get married in the garden .
it was held in the garden , just after sunset .
he took a spot in the very back , near the garden center , and dropped the keys in the ashtray and closed it .
i stood in a garden in the middle of summer .
` ` this was my grandmother 's garden . ''
adrian had n't visited my dreams since the one in the garden .
lily turned in a circle , taking in the rolling manicured lawns , the shrubbery and trees , the fountains and gardens artfully placed to please the eye .
the path she took was a narrow one , made of blue - gray slate , leading around the maze , through the tea garden toward a side entrance .
she knew the name of every flower in the garden and she made me pull all the weeds . ''
the spirit of that angel is said to then inhabit the blade for a time , and the weapon will glow brightly with heavenly fire , like the flaming sword of the angel who guards the garden of eden .
nephilimic folklore tells us that this war between heaven and the demons decimated earth , and that the mythological objects of human religion - the tower of babel , the garden of eden , the world - tree , the original pyramids - were wiped away by the destruction .
we arrive at the house and i pull backward into the driveway , trying to ignore the fact i just took out the border garden my mother planted last spring .
not only am i slightly out of shape and my boobs have picked this day to sag like oversized water balloons , but i have the butchart gardens sprouting from my ass - quite literally .
she continued on around the building to the lawn and garden section , with flowerpots and bags of grass seed stacked high against a chain - link fence .
the garden was looking good , parrish thought , eyeing the prize - winning roses beneath his window .
for as long as she could remember , he 'd ordered the same dish every time they ate at the thai garden .
already she 'd reaped a small harvest from the garden she 'd planted and that winter had taken up knitting .
travis was on the dock with moby ; he 'd already spread the parachute on the dock so it could dry and was currently rinsing off the boat with a garden hose .
usually , when they did visit , travis had them bring things - pretty rocks they 'd found in the garden , leaves they 'd laminated , homemade cards decorated with glitter .
it was the reason he would be taking them to busch gardens as soon as school let out , and it was the reason he let christine spend the night at her friend 's house .
the property needed attention ; what had once been a well - kept garden had become overgrown with weeds and kudzu , but the overgrowth did n't bother him .
it was n't only the heady flush of emotions when they 'd made love that had enthralled her ; more than that , it was the lazy mornings they 'd spent reading the newspaper in bed while drinking coffee , or the cold december mornings they 'd planted bulbs in the garden , or the hours they 'd spent traipsing through various stores , picking out bedroom furniture , debating the merits of cherry or maple .
jessica in the garden .
there were tupperware bowls filled with zucchini and carrots and squash that i 'd picked from the garden .
from march through july , this garden is one of the most beautiful places on earth .
` ` that 's the home of our illustrious vegetable and herb garden . ''
we come to the garden , mainly wild flowers , and i stop her .
when used in a garden , manure was fertilizer .
effective and inexpensive , it provided nourishment to the soil and helped the garden become as beautiful as it could be .
but outside of the garden - in a pasture , for instance - when stepped in inadvertently , manure was nothing more than crap .
a week ago , once she and kyle were reunited in the hospital , she definitely felt as if the manure were being used in her garden .
allie had always loved flowers , and noah planted a rose garden in the shape of concentric hearts that was visible from the bedroom window and surrounded a formal , three - tiered fountain .
now , the rose garden is untended and wild , the trellis is aged and cracking , but i ' m still moved when i stand before them .
` ` i pulled some weeds in the garden , '' i said .
in time , we ended up under the trellis adjacent to the garden .
while all that could be taken care of relatively quickly , the rose garden worried me .
a quiet man with a passion for perfection , nathan little had worked on some of the most famous gardens in north carolina - the biltmore estate , the tryon place , the duke botanical gardens - and he knew more about plants than anyone i 'd ever met .
my passion for our own garden at home - small , but nonetheless stunning - had led us to become friends over the years , and nathan often made a point of coming by in the hours after work .
only the rose garden will be troublesome , he finally said .
even with the garden ?
just beyond that was the rose garden that had become as overgrown as the banks along the river .
an electrician was coming to make sure that the generator , the outlets inside the house , and the floodlights in the rose garden were still in working order .
i called the company that had repainted our law offices last year , and they promised to send a crew to begin freshening the walls inside , as well as the fence that surrounded the rose garden .
the past has always held special meaning for me , and i loved the fact that within blocks , i could walk through the first catholic church built in the state , or tour the first public school and learn how the settlers were educated , or stroll the grounds of tryon palace , the former home of the colonial governor that now boasts one of the finest formal gardens in the south .
but it was the rose garden that attracted the most attention , and i followed little as he grabbed a set of pruning shears and headed that way , joining the dozen workers who were already waiting for him .
beautifying the garden struck me as the type of job where it is impossible even to know where to begin , but little simply started pruning the first bush while describing what he was doing .
the electrician arrived to turn on the generator , check the outlets , and the floodlights in the garden .
a mound of yard scrap was piled near the fence , and while the outer hearts of the rose garden had been completed , the inner hearts looked forlorn and wild .
` ` that garden means a lot to me .
but as for the garden , i suppose they 're partly right .
every time they started blooming , i 'd have to head out with my shears to prune them back into shape , and for a long time , the garden seemed as though it would never look right .
` ` as much as she loved the garden , she said it was too painful to look at .
that 's when she told me to plow the garden under . ''
after john died , it was easier to think about the garden as a single gift , rather than five .
the power washer cleaned the fountain in the center of the rose garden ; a little after lunch , i turned it on and listened to water cascading through the three tiers like a gentle waterfall .
beneath the inky sky , the tent glowed white , and the floodlights in the garden cast fingerlike shadows while illuminating the color of the rose blossoms .
we entered the rose garden and circled the outermost concentric heart ; in time , the lights from the tent behind us grew dimmer .
simple things - i might imagine a smudge of dirt on your cheek as you work in the garden , or how you look as you lean against the counter , running a hand through your hair while you visit on the phone .
` ` come on - let me show you the garden . ''
we took photographs in front of a large garden that used an ingenious system of irrigation to enable the flowers to bloom year - round , and eventually made our way to the upper levels , where we could appreciate the fort 's location from a defensive standpoint .
whenever i ? m at home , i keep expecting to see my mom in the kitchen or my dad puttering around the garden . ''
they walked the waterfront and past the historic homes , examining the architecture , and one weekend he took her to the orton plantation gardens , where they wanderedamong a thousand blooming rosebushes .
kevin did n't like her to walk around the neighborhood but he let her garden in the backyard because ofthe privacy fence .
the feldmans , an older couple , liked to work in their garden , and inthe first year she 'd lived here , she 'd often stopped to talk to them for a while .
26 by late june , the flower gardens in dorchester that had been ablaze with color in the spring were beginning towilt , the blooms turning brown and curling inward .
two gardens marked the far boundaries of the church 's extensive grounds , one of which we were working on .
perhaps she was living in a fool 's garden , not thinking about the future .
it was like walking into the garden of eden .
he was even more powerful nak*d , as if he belonged in the garden of eden and had never taken a bite of the apple .
portraits of monarchs lined the walls , interspersed with images of gardens and forests .
` ` there was also a request for you make an appearance at a local american school and the local zoological gardens sometime this week . ''
` ` i think he 's excited you 're a wildlife biologist and i thought you might prefer this to the luncheon planning the garden fund - raiser . ''
as we exited the highway , i could see the sign for the zoological gardens , thankfully written in english as well as lilarian .
there was a small garden in the center of the circular driveway , a light frosting of snow sitting on top of the sculpted bushes .
i asked as we walked through one of the gardens .
much like rousseau , there was a circle driveway with a garden in the center .
multicolored lights glittered throughout downtown , creating a neon sculpture garden tucked along the black bay .
inside it , the garden was in full , riotous bloom .
for a split second , she could n't imagine that she 'd ever lived in a valley so hot and airless that boiling water sometimes squirted out of ordinary green garden hoses .
they wove their own cloth , dyed it with extracts from their own gardens , and hand - stitched it into brown robes .
she could n't help wondering if there were still places where grass grew up to a young girl 's knees and apple trees blossomed by the side of the road , where wild brown rabbits came out beneath a full moon and munched their way through summer gardens .
ruby glanced toward the garden .
she put the minivan in reverse and backed down the driveway parking , she walked down the path , through the fragrant garden , and out to the edge of the bank .
she must have let her guard down because he found her completely by herself , taking a walk in the garden behind the inn they 'd arrived at just half an hour earlier .
` ` perhaps , he went for a walk in the gardens ? ''
let 's take a walk in the garden .
` ` that people would be nicer , '' she said simply , staring off into the garden , where lanterns flickered close to the ground , illuminating the pathways .
she turned away from him and looked out over the drenched garden , the branches on both trees and bushes hanging limply under the strain of the newly fallen rain .
a few minutes later , they landed in the garden with a thump .
william picked up a sculpture of a garden fairy that had been placed decoratively in one of the flowerbeds .
would you mind terribly if i stepped outside to the garden for a moment ? ''
not that a stroll in the garden with a fiance who held a grudge against her was much better .
` ` i was trying to go back to sleep but felt restless , so i thought i 'd go for a midnight stroll in the garden , but when i tried to find my dressing gown and shawl , i stubbed my toe against the table over there , knocking over the vase . ''
` ` i would have thought that you might have preferred the rose garden to the smell of muck , '' he said , his eyes drifting past each of the women until they came to rest upon lucy .
glancing sideways , he spotted one of the many benches adorning the garden , considered it momentarily , and finally dismissed the idea , marveling at his restraint as , for the hundredth time in the span of five minutes , he pulled on the reins and forced his baser instincts under control .
` ` though i must admit that i personally would n't mind a walk in the garden with lord fairfield .
surely this was a sign that their time together in the garden had meant as much to him as it had to her .
oh , i suppose you thought yourself alone when you were dallying in the garden ?
pulling the curtains aside , she stared out at the dreary scenery of the garden below .
lucy , on the other hand , felt her cheeks grow hot as she recalled having done that very thing with her husband in the garden , not to mention so much more by the lake only yesterday .
he 'd helped her father build the tree house for her in the garden .
a fantasy garden that hid secret pathways .
she did n't even dry her hair but rather combed it straight , dressed and then went outside into the garden .
she wandered down one of the spiraling pathways to a fountain in the center of the garden .
it was her garden .
chapter 33 micah stood in the back of damon 's garden and watched as the newlywed couple laughingly stuffed cake in each others faces .
she was wrapped all around him , her sweet smile warming the entire garden .
dear god , she carried on so loudly they could probably hear it out here in the gardens .
they left the castle and made their way into the royal gardens .
as he 'd suspected out in the garden , the pair had come up with a way to try to expose his presence in her boudoir : to claim that lauda had seen him enter murie 's chamber , but had n't realized it was murie 's until she 'd seen her coming out of it this morning - else she would have surely called the guard .
the garden was lit by torches , but the path was still shadowy .
after a hesitation , he said , ` ` you misunderstood me in the garden today .
` ` i went for a walk afterward in the gardens and ran into balan . ''
and she wished he 'd kissed her in the gardens so she would know if his kisses were as exciting in real life as they had been in her dreams .
irritated that everyone else appeared to have no problem sleeping , murie had taken herself off to the gardens to sit in the bower and think on balan some more .
the small gardens around the buildings that had once boasted herbs and spices were now growing wild and filled with weeds .
` ` do you not know that growing parsley in the garden means there will be a death in the house before the end of the year ? ''
easing a wary step away , she turned and headed out of the garden .
the saying was only that growing it in the garden was bad , so she planted it nearby , on the edge of a short row of apple trees .
satisfied that it was n't in the garden , but clement might be a little less distressed that it was not so very far away , she straightened and brushed off her hands and headed out of the bailey to find balan .
she would also set several men to repairing or rebuilding pens for the animals her husband was bringing back , while she herself worked on the gardens .
` ` working in the garden , i think , '' murie answered .
she herself spent most of the time in the garden , but was constantly interrupted by questions .
rolling her eyes at the men , she 'd returned to the garden , only to be interrupted when the men working on the bed came to tell her it was done and in the bedchamber .
murie had praised the design and sent him on his way with a little sigh , hoping that she could at least get a quarter of the garden done before her husband returned .
` ` i shall be in the garden should you need me . ''
she headed up the stairs to pass through the keep and back to the garden .
i have been here at the keep all day ... working in the gardens . ''
but at the same time , they 'd have their own homes , with their own bit of gardens to work come spring .
` ` when his lordship learned that you had given suggestions on how better to set up the kitchens and had removed the parsley from his gardens without the man throwing a fit , he asked clement why he would allow such with you when he 'd had fits at the tiniest suggestions from his own father , and clement said , ` ` because i like your wife , my lord . '
he seems tough and gruff , but i have seen him feeding birds and squirrels out in the garden .
he 'd remained stony - faced , unspeaking , staring out at the sluggish rhone that flowed past the bottom of their landscaped gardens .
she 'd hated the island his father had called home , a prison - like bunker set in gorgeous gardens on a private island in the mediterranean .
it 's not too hot in the garden . '
' there 's a garden ?
he led her through the music room , past the piano to a pair of french windows that led out to an enclosed garden with a seating area and an infinity pool shaded by palms .
in the music room she saw the french windows were ajar and she knew he must be outside , in the garden .
he was n't anywhere in the house and so she went out into the garden , now cloaked in darkness .
she felt as if she stood out like a vibrant flower in a stark winter garden , her pink dress the only splash of colour in a sea of black .
` ` she wentto see if there is an herb garden behind the kitchens .
she hadn'tevenconsideredthat issue yet , but a garden and the herbs andmedicinal plants it provided couldbe as indispensable as a well .
thegreat - hall walls stillneeded whitewashing , therewerestill the two smaller roomsabove stairsto be tendedto , and the kitchens as well , not to mention the herb garden .
` ` apparently he can not go into his rear garden any longer .
` ` so we can hide in gardens and be scandalous ? ''
so when she left him in the garden , the farewell he should have spoken would not come .
understanding how hounded she was by fortune hunters , he appreciated her need to fade into the woodwork with ill - fitting , unattractive garments and hide in dark gardens .
his hands cupped the slight curves of her br**sts and squeezed , eliciting a moan from her that swelled upward and filled the area of the garden they occupied .
waiting until the women moved further along , he then left his hiding spot and moved surreptitiously through the garden toward the manse , where sinful pleasures awaited him .
if his behavior in the garden was any indication , he was going to devour her .
` ` then what were you doing with her alone in the garden ?
` ` forgive my importunateness , but would you walk in the garden with me ?
` ` do you know that in the whole of this garden i can not find one red rose ?
together , they moved deeper into the garden .
` ` would you like to discuss what lured you and lady ansell out to the garden earlier ? ''
and we both like gardens . ''
she always said god would have her a big ol ' rose garden she could tend to up there .
only you would bring her a single rose from her own rose garden .
amanda learned that clara kept a vegetable garden and had once won a statewide competition for growing the largest pumpkin , and she saw the faded blue ribbon that was still tucked behind the mirror in the bedroom .
though they supposedly were friends - her mom and eugenia had known each other all their lives - there 'd always been an unspoken rivalry between the two of them , encompassing who had the better house and the better garden and everything in between , including which of them made the better red velvet cake .
as she said it , she had a clear picture of clara sitting on the porch while tuck leaned against a column , reveling in the heady beauty of the wildflower garden .
tiny wounds had scarred his palms but his touch was improbably gentle , and she knew then , with sudden certainty , that dawson would have created a garden like this for her as well if he 'd known she wanted it .
there seemed to be no formal organization to the garden ; it was as if god and nature intended to have their way , no matter what tuck 's plans might have been .
somehow , though , the wildness only enhanced the beauty of the garden , and as they walked through the chaotic display of color , all she could think was that she was glad dawson was with her so they could share this together .
there was a teapot on the stove and a vase of wildflowers on the counter , obviously plucked from the garden out front .
so some years later , i decided to start the garden and i brought her up here on our anniversary to show it to her .
amanda stood , brushing off her pants , and together they descended to the garden .
after dawson retrieved the box , they found the path that led to the center of the garden .
they reached the center of the garden and stopped .
while she sat in the small terraced garden enjoying a bit of fresh air , jared was upstairs meeting with the psychologist for the first time , much to her relief .
cassie was in the herb garden when the phone call came .
there was always something to do here , cutting or drying or preserving the herbs from her grandmother 's garden , and there was often a fire in the hearth .
she was in her grandmother 's garden , in the summer , when everything was blossoming .
strangely , although this was her grandmother 's garden , there was no house nearby .
she had n't worked on the garden in five years , and it showed .
michael always said it looked like a garden because of the ralph lauren comforter in rose and poppy and gold and dusty blue , and the baskets on the dresser twined with silk flowers .
marlene had told her that the two of them had spent hours designing the perfect garden and then they 'd turned their attention to rachel and ethan 's house .
when marlene had despaired of him ever building her the bench she wanted , she 'd gone to walmart across the lake , in paris , and bought a simple garden bench .
rusty stepped into the garden patio area from the walkway that led to the front of the house .
with a small wave , she followed ethan from the garden and to the path that led up to the front yard .
` ` this is our chef 's private garden .
` ` when you 're done eating , i 'll show you my garden , if you like . ''
there were some flowers , but for the most part the ` ` garden '' just looked like weeds and bushes - row after row of overgrown , uncared - for weeds and bushes .
` ` i would have brought some roses from the garden , but we used them all for purifying the skull . ''
of course the hilton head island wealthy could also afford tailored tuxedos and sequined high - end dresses as they mingled the evening away in the country club gardens by the shore .
phoebe had poured her heart into creating the little garden haven , complete with painted puckish fairies that reminded her of shakespeare 's a midsummer night 's dream .
remember how we used to practice in the garden ? ''
only the french doors gave a glimpse to a garden patio with an adirondack chair and ferns .
below , in a stomach - lurching drop , away from the sculpted rooftop garden , cacti dotted the landscape in sparse and erratic abandon , no less beautiful .
fourteen eloisa sat on her father 's garden patio overlooking the atlantic , waiting .
` ` the back entrance is just at the other end of the garden alleyway .
the lawn and garden did justice to its garden district address .
at least now that max had been discharged , she had n't argued about coming back to the garden district house with him .
in fact - if you agree - i would like to get a head start on that home by buying the garden district house we ' ve been renting .
felicia carr opened the door to her girlfriend 's garden apartment in majesta , saw two burly men standing there flashing badges , opened her big green eyes wide and asked what seemed to be the trouble , officers ?
good cop with the flaxen hair and the hazel eyes and the cheeks still glowing from the cold outside , gently and persuasively trying to lead the lady down the garden path , not taking into account that she was from tinseltown , usa , where if people ever walked anywhere they actually waited on street corners for lights to change .
but she was really into her garden , you know ?
anyway , one spring , she planted all these flowers in her garden .
so one day , we were poking around his garden shed , and we came across this big sprayer filled with roundup .
the backyard , shaded by a gnarled live oak that held its leaves year - round , did n't get enough sun , so his mother planted the vegetable garden in the front .
sometimes steve would overhear the neighbors grumbling in hushed voices , complaining about declining property values , but the garden was replanted every spring , and no one ever said a word directly to his father .
saturdays were reserved for chores around the house , and while the garden in the front yard may have bothered the neighbors , the interior was a showpiece .
not just the grounds with the sculptured rose gardens and hedges and marble statues , or the massive georgian mansion supported by elegant columns , or even the overpriced exotic cars that were being waxed by hand in an area reserved for such things - but all of it .
that weekend , because her dad was feeling stronger , they made an outing to orton plantation gardens , near southport .
we also have a pretty good - sized vegetable garden for our own use , and i ' ve got to keep that going , too ... '' she blinked .
her own glass was on the counter , and she moved back to the stove , where she twisted open a jar of green beans that sophia guessed had come from the garden .
instead , ruth devoted more time to the garden and i began to feed the pigeons .
they talked and laughed as they toured the ranch , and when luke turned toward the garden , it warmed his heart to see the straight , neat rows of vegetables that his mom had just planted .
` ` i could show you the gardens . ''
the comfortable warmth , the kitchen garden that her mother had never been too important to attend .
and the tidy woman who ran the house knelt on a square of bright pink foam as she planted - maybe they were petunias - at the edges of her already impressive front - yard garden .
she 'd been busy in the back garden as well , and with her container pots .
she took another breath , this one loaded with the scent of peonies rioting pink in someone 's front garden .
or quinn takes a walk through the gardens . ''
debris flew , chunks of garden mulch , falling twigs , and peppering gravel .
like the house with a garden and a bunch of kids will work for them .
` ` so grab a garden tool like last time . ''
she scouted through cal 's gardens for specific flowers and herbs , and continued to snip when gage crossed the lawn to her .
tara swiped a hand across her forehead , driving rand 's gaze to the outside thermometer hanging by the back gate in the flower - flooded garden .
the sunlight streaming through the office windows flashed on the wedding and engagement rings he 'd slipped on her finger six months ago during a private ceremony in the garden she and her mother had nurtured together .
` ` and i sent the container garden for your deck and a dozen cookbooks and videos and kitchen gadgets .
` ` gardens are your thing , not mine . ''
lucas had taught her to appreciate more than run - of - the - mill shop flowers during their time together , and she adored puttering in the container gardens on her patio .
i 'll give you an early morning driving lesson and then we 'll tour some of the local gardens . ''
` ` the scent garden behind you was originally developed for the blind . ''
we can finish the garden tour and go on to the aquarium .
diana and laurel were in the herb garden , salvaging things laurel thought might be useful .
` ` you and kate may go play in the garden , '' the kind voice said .
the garden was in back .
now run along to the garden . ''
i shout , clutching my hand and the old lady across the street , who 's working in her garden , scurries inside her mansion .
two leather recliners face each other , and spider - looking plants - long vines full of white - and - green leaves - hang down from the ceiling to frame the bay window that overlooks a stone birdbath and a garden of colorful flowers .
we 're in convent garden when jake pulls the car up and parks it on the main road just outside a pizza hut .
anyway , the covent garden one is a little smarter than the usual pizza huts ' .
he has the show to do tonight at td garden .
i ' m standing backstage at madison square garden with simone .
` ` tru , i asked you to marry me backstage at madison square garden in the midst of a show .
it 's got a huge garden , '' he says , nodding to the right .
` ` there 's a two - bed guesthouse in the garden , which is where stuart will live . ''
that i ' m more desperate than i was that night i sang it to her at madison square garden .
we started the very first moment we laid eyes on each other through our shared garden fence all those years ago .
chapter three unable to sleep , talib al mussad looked out his office window in the palace , onto his garden , still shrouded by night .
the inner garden had been her own private world .
the terrace overlooked the garden at the center of the palace .
you ' ve even been smiling when you walk the grounds with dane or sit in the garden with lan and cooper . ''
why do you think i was always in the garden or the hall or wherever the three of you happened to be ?
the gardens were blessed once a year and had been for the last two hundred years .
they were scheduled to be married in the garden next week , but dane and landon seemed to be going through the motions with grim determination .
every monday , after a weekend of hard work at the family 's restaurant , he 'd devoted a full twelve - hour day to home and garden maintenance .
she walked down the cracked concrete path , past the box of garden tools that mrs . mauk had set outside last week in a feeble attempt to encourage tenant pride .
the kitchen was small and cheery , with butter yellow cabinets and a picture window that looked past the porch to a rose garden .
savage garden 's ` ` truly , madly , deeply '' had been playing on the radio .
my garden is calling to me .
` ` rich and i used to eat these peppers right out of dad 's garden . ''
i ' m quite proud of the garden .
they walked silently through the house , out the side door , into the garden .
he set me down in the roomy master bathroom , with its double vanity , garden tub , and large shower .
she worked in her flower garden for a while , and to be on the safe side , i did n't .
i doubted nicole 's murderer was going to drive by mrs . bloodsworth 's house and spot me pulling weeds in her flower garden , but until wyatt sounded the all clear , i was n't taking any chances .
i might be able to have some fun whining about missing my favorite shows , which of course would be on the channels like lifetime , home and garden , and oxygen .
something small , no more than thirty people - if that many - maybe in your mother 's garden .
there wo n't be any flowers then , and besides , it 'll be too cold to have a garden wedding .
the mock bathroom , like the three others around the bath section , was complete with shower , garden tub , sink and fancy hooks for hanging towels .
the angled wall panels opened and would allow the ocean breeze to carry in the scent of misty 's garden when she got it planted and her flowers bloomed .
three weeks later found us at powell gardens in the marjorie powell allen chapel .
wrought iron gates enclosed small gardens and doorways here and there .
a roof of carved , twisting wood covered the garden , with little holes here and there to let in some light , but not enough to cause damage to moroi .
trees , leaves now gone for the winter , lined the area and guarded paths leading out to other gardens , courtyards , and the main quadrangle .
he led me out toward the other side of the garden .
if i 'd let him go to her in the garden that night , maybe she would n't have gotten upset and cut herself .
they 're down to two dogs , my mom keeps some chickens and their summer garden is just amazing .
taking alsneta 's arm , willa urged her to the door , leading out into the garden behind the kitchens .
hugh waited for the door to close , then took willa 's arm and marched her between the herb and vegetable gardens to the apple trees behind them .
she must still be out in the garden . ''
my mother sewed , did crafts , had a vegetable garden .
the more she tried to run away from her wants , the more insistent they grew , slowly overtaking her will like a clinging vine overtaking the garden .
if anything , that urge had grown , like some freaking weed in a perfectly manicured garden .
even one of those zen garden waterfall things .
she probably smiled while giving the perfect bl*w j*b , kept a gorgeous garden , had been a virgin for her husband , and was looking forward to pta meetings .
she could only latch on to bits of things that made no sense - an overbright government office with bored clerks , flashbulbs , strangers laughing , a moonlit garden .
he lived in a well - lit , upscale complex with lush gardens and a water feature trickling somewhere nearby .
her yard was small , but she 'd made it her own lush little garden with ivy and delicate flowers in white , gold , and purple .
i ' ve been looking forward to this time to finish unpacking my boxes and get my garden ready for the winter before the weather turns cold .
she caught his rhythm and rose to meet him as the small garden filled with the sound of their joy .
jane austen would have loved this house , but a regency home would have been surrounded by formal gardens .
` ` we ' ve had bouquets of flowers from the garden all around whittier house , but that 's not the same as having someone buy them just for m - me .
i know that she is dating douchepants mcwater polo , and i know that sometimes when you date people you engage in idiotic activities like going to the botanical gardens , but in spite of all the knowledge that ought to protect me , i still feel like shit for the rest of the day .
watching the movie , i ca n't stop thinking about wanting to be at the ridiculous botanical gardens with jane .
the physicist dumped her boyfriend at the botanical gardens because he would n't shut up about how he was going to the olympics in twenty sixteen , and there was this little voice in the physicist 's head named will grayson , saying , ' and at the olympics will you be representing the united states or the kingdom of douchelandia ? '
` ` i could n't keep her out of the garden this morning . ''
closer , beneath the icicle - draped branches of a fifty - year - old magnolia tree , was a small rectangular garden defined by antique wrought - iron fencing .
and there she was : her eighty - something - year - old mother , bundled up in blankets , sitting on the black bench in her so - called winter garden .
and mom was in the winter garden again .
there she was , sitting on her bench in the winter garden , looking down at her own hands .
her birth defect precluded her seeing the true beauty in her garden .
at last she sat on the black bench in her garden .
she thought she knew what her mother loved about this garden : it was contained and orderly .
the only color in the garden , besides summertime and autumn leaves , belonged to a single copper column , simple in design and accentuated with scripted decorations , that supported a white marble bowl that , come spring , would be filled with white , trailing flowers .
this was getting old ... ... she got her coat and trudged through the falling snow to the garden .
meredith went outside to the winter garden and sat beside her mother , who wore the lacy nightdress that dad had given her for christmas last year , with a blue mohair blanket draped around her shoulders .
` ` mom was in the garden again , '' she said .
` ` so dream of your garden .
as expected , she found mom in the winter garden , dressed in two nightgowns and wrapped in a blanket .
she was about to say something else when she noticed the new addition to the garden .
when she finished , she covered her lens and walked idly back toward the house , passing her mother 's so - called winter garden .
on this surprisingly sunny day , the garden was a riot of white blossoms upheld by lush green stems and leaves .
she 'd always thought of this garden as solely her mother 's domain , but just now , with the apple trees blooming all around her , she felt her father 's presence as keenly as if he were sitting beside her .
she picked up her camera again and began taking pictures : a pair of ants on a green leaf , a flawless , pearlescent magnolia blossom , the copper column that had always been center stage in this garden , with its blue - green patina- nina lowered the camera .
there are still swans to be fed in the ponds of the castle garden , and white summer nights when the lords and ladies meet at two in the morning to stroll the riverbanks .
` ` i noticed the new column in the winter garden , mom .
` ` the winter garden ? ''
` ` what about my winter garden ? ''
you could build a winter garden there .
what if he were here right now , listening to you talk about moving the winter garden and packing up her things and moving her into town ?
alone in the winter garden , humming with excitement , she 'd pulled out all the ivy that grew over everything and dragged away the old verdigris copper column that gave the garden a jumbled , messy look .
she could picture how they would grow and bloom , how they 'd give a bright and pretty order to the messy green and white so - called garden .
what have you done to my garden ?
all at once she was that ten - year - old girl again , being dragged out of the garden , wondering how she 'd gone so wrong .
nina followed her out to the winter garden and sat beside her .
they are kneeling in the black earth weeding their small garden .
i am petyr andreyevich 's daughter , she thinks , and in that reclamation , she remembers the books her father had read to her at night , and the dreams he 'd encouraged her to dream , for the remainder of that week , vera contemplates the discussion in the garden .
nina repositioned the camera strap around her neck and headed for the garden .
they stood there , the three of them , laughing together in the middle of the winter garden , with the apple trees all around them , and it was the best tribute to him they could have made .
meredith nodded and went out to the winter garden , where nina was photographing the ash - dusted magnolia blossom .
at the intricate black scrollwork entrance of the summer garden , she eases to a stop and slips off her bike .
` ` and where are your vegetables from the garden ? ''
nina hit a few keys and a picture of the summer garden came up .
from here , she could see the corner of the winter garden .
in the garden , she touched each of the copper columns , then sat down and pulled her knitting out of her bag .
there , she stared out at the winter garden , which was now in full vibrant bloom .
` ` vera fell in love with sasha on that day in the summer garden , and for her , this is a decision that will never change .
but in june of 1941 , it is impossible to worry , or so it seems to vera as she kneels in the rich black earth and tends her garden .
when vera finishes with her garden , she gathers up her children , takes one in each hand , and begins the long walk back to their apartment .
sometimes she goes out of her way to see the summer garden and remember the day she met sasha , but it is getting harder and harder to recall .
he is laughing now , telling his poor one - eyed , tattered rabbit that maybe they will get to feed the swans in the summer garden today .
they stop in the summer garden , but the swans are gone from the pond and the statues are sandbagged .
i want to see the summer garden and the neva river and the fontanka bridge .
like the day she 'd dug up mom 's precious winter garden .
she heard her mother say something in russian , and then they were moving again , all of them , walking down a stone path to a garden that was almost exactly like the one mom had created at home .
veronika petrovna marchenko 1919- remember our lime tree in the summer garden .
and yet he was here somehow , in this garden that so matched the one her mother had created .
` ` he always said he 'd be waiting for you in the summer garden . ''
from here i can see my winter garden , where everything is covered with snow .
to the summer garden ... '' the pain is gone .
i promised dad i 'd weed the vegetable garden before it got dark . ''
she flipped through the newest issue of better homes and gardens .
he looks like he 's about to go in the zen rock garden . ''
in dad 's garden ? ''
or a botanical garden .
i ' m seated at a lovely table with a glass waterfall to my right , the water trickling in perfect ribbons onto a zen rock garden , peaceful and serene .
tucked into a garden and looking out over the aquamarine waters and pure white sands of barefoot bay , this one - bedroom vacation home was private , expensive , and perfectly appointed .
she was never sure when he 'd be cruising by on some seashell - gathering adventure or field trip to the gardens .
and sweet potatoes right from my garden . ''
john 's wife had come out to the garden to take their daughter into the house .
the patio doors leading out to the garden was open .
he helped her into the garden and then went to assist his son .
she laughed as he ran past her and jumped on the trampoline they 'd installed in the back garden .
so she worked on the roof , checking the winterizing on the community garden she 'd started a couple of years ago.kneeling , she tucked the plastic tighter along the edges of the rooftop planter while roaring engines and horns announced that the big apple was waking up .
` ` and warm enough for gardens . ''
a plant nursery brought visions of him helping with a garden .
` ` and i have n't even begun to tell you the plans i have for the gardens . ''
hatch studied the sole remaining plant from rita 's garden that had n't been killed by his black thumb .
if only she could capture this scent and setting to take home with her , so much more deeply transporting , sensually exotic than her window garden .
snaking a hand up , she snagged a miniature garden rake from the shelf .
damn it , they had to start working together as partners or they would end up maiming each other with garden tools by the end of the week .
his tie always found its way onto one of the statues of saints in the garden . ''
images of him building forts with children in the middle of the sculptured garden filled her mind .
clouds whispered overhead and tony guided her faster through the garden .
trees had been thinned away from the house , giving a clear view of the empty snow - covered ground and walkways laid out with the precision of an english garden .
but since that evening at the party when he 'd really touched her for the first time , she had n't been able to think of much else except the feel of his hands on her skin ... . from the hospital rooftop garden , lilah stared out at the christmas lights twinkling through tacoma 's skyline .
their kiss on the rooftop garden had spiraled out of control until they were seconds from having sex right there .
his eyes scanned the small patio garden beside her carriage house with flowers blooming in splashes of purples and pinks .
his hands braced on the railing , he hung his head , staring down at that little garden grotto .
apparently she approved of the sculpted gardens he 'd ordered with her in mind .
his hand slowed on the tablet , his eyes scanning the elaborate garden he 'd had planted for her , not even knowing if she would ever see it .
she swept the hem of her dress to the side as she settled in a move so utterly feminine it had him wanting to carry her out into the garden and make love to her all over again .
he tipped back the glass of bourbon , emptying it and pouring another to savor , more slowly , while he sat out on the garden balcony where he would get better cell phone reception .
and the flat was spacious , with a large garden terrace .
he angled his way out of the room - damn , he had too many curious friends these days - and into the deserted patio garden in the back .
brooke tore her gaze away from the image of her father and continued with her sister toward glass doors leading outside to a dense garden .
i never promised anybody a rose garden , pendleton . ''
things like a concrete garden gnome for the front yard - which he immediately exiled to the back - or lace curtains for the front windows - which he simply tried his best to ignore - or more of those intolerable bill monroe cds - which he refused to admit were starting to grow on him in spite of the proliferation of banjos .
and there , in the farthest corner , amid lena hensley mcclellan 's celebrated rose garden , was a wedding party that awaited the appearance of the bride .
chloe had n't shown up at school - again - and mrs . puddleduck was complaining about her salary - again - and miranda was wandering through the garden with claude rains - again - and janey was in a snit - again .
the walls on three sides were papered to look like luscious gardens , and the fourth was composed of arched , beveled windows that looked out onto a massive courtyard below .
the building was a towering greek revival that reigned over acres and acres of what must have been gorgeously manicured gardens in the warmer months , complete with what appeared to be a topiary maze to one side .
she 'd designed it down to the last cobblestone in the garden .
it was a tidy little house with four rooms and a garden and it was all hers .
the cottage , her peaceful life by the sea , even the garden she had no understanding of , were perfect .
her place was in an older development , with a parking space out back and a neat little garden in front .
she knew he had to leave the garden sometime , though , and when he did , she 'd be waiting for him .
release your inner goddess ... . release your inner goddess ... . she kept up the chant as she walked toward the entrance to the garden .
she showed him the family room and kitchen , and they looked out at the back porch , which overlooked a private garden .
outside , they toured the grounds together , taking in the pool house , the helicopter landing pad that her grandfather used when commuting to work in manhattan , and the site of the english rose garden that maeve lovingly tended and that bloomed in warmer weather .
` ` walk with me in the garden . ''
nine when colin had suggested they attend a performance at covent garden , belinda had been unable to resist agreeing .
because they dined at home , they went directly to london 's royal opera house in covent garden for the performance .
belinda had received a call that tamara had given birth , a few days after the trip to covent garden .
it was a four - story residential building in covent garden that was rented out .
if he had some idea in which direction the car was heading , he 'd know which way to go once he got out of the botanical garden .
they made it back to the new york botanical garden in record time while pia filled him in with desultory wedding details .
after leaving the valet , hawk sauntered alone toward the other guests mingling on the grassy outdoor space where the ceremony was to take place , surrounded by the botanical garden 's rich greenery .
i can picture her pruning her garden with a vengeance after she found out . ''
shrubbery concealed from prying eyes the garden that ran along one side of the residence .
together they walked from the garage directly into the garden and toward the town house itself .
sawyer stopped in the garden now , and raising their linked hands , placed a kiss on the back of hers .
beyond the high wall of the garden , traffic along the nearby avenue stirred the air .
your grandparents had a beautiful garden that we ate from all summer long , that we appreciated and we used it all .
he happened to find her sitting in one of the garden gazebos .
as the storm clouds brewed overhead , they walked in silence , the invigorating smell of the gardens drifting around them , the sea air warm as the breeze stirred her hair .
the door opened , and ari stepped out onto a red carpet , one that led through a luxuriant garden .
they went to the mirage and entered siegfried and roy 's secret garden and dolphin habitat , where she picked up a picture painted by the dolphins with their noses .
it cooled her down just enough that she could get at least another half hour in her front garden before she had to drag herself back in or risk heat stroke .
she 'd been dying to see it ever since she 'd read about it in house and garden .
surrounded by a lush garden , courtyard and pool , the sprawling spanish style mansion made a statement .
it was exactly how it looked in house and garden .
burning torches lit up the pool and the surrounding tropical plants gave the garden a manufactured resort atmosphere .