it had been a perfect , cloudless day when she stood with pesh in the rose garden at her papa 's house .
he would chuckle from his office window as he watched her father storm up to the rose garden , irritated that he 'd had to come look for her .
` ` i prefer strolling through the botanical gardens or nurseries , pretending i have a green thumb . ''
her jealousy had been so uncontrollable , she 'd run from the garden crying .
and if i remember accurately , i was also jealous , '' he said and spun her around again , casually leading her off the dance floor and out into the balcony that looked down on the gardens a few steps away .
they spent the rest of the morning going through the hallways , touring the gardens and dani genuinely enjoyed learning more about what happens at the palace and how it had been built over several centuries and many different rulers .
walking carefully through the gardens , she kept to the bushes in an effort to hide from any eyes she might not know about .
he said , pulling up a few feet from the garden .
she was enjoying her time in the garden and did n't really appreciate the interruption .
autumn nearly dropped her hoe before she whirled to face the unfamiliar woman marching up the garden path .
he kicked a watering can across the garden .
his mother knelt in her garden beside the house he 'd grown up in , a wide , two - story , clapboard affair with a verandah encircling it .
he grabbed for the post as he went down , caught it for an instant , lost his grip , and crashed in a heap in the garden bed below .
he 'd done his best to lay out the garden 's primary features in a pattern as similar as possible to the magazine photo carl had given him .
you would n't believe how much progress i ' m making on carl 's garden since i ca n't stand being at home without you there .
why could n't carl see that lacey was already overwhelmed by her homecoming , the enormous log home he 'd built for her , and this outsized garden ?
the sound had come from the woods on the other side of the garden , if he was n't mistaken .
the house itself sat perpendicular to the road , the garden to its rear sandwiched between it and a wide strip of woods .
he hesitated to walk past the house toward the garden , afraid he 'd be seen before he could get anywhere near the trees .
` ` no , thank you , '' sophie replied and went to stand on the opposite side of the garden .
the area is far enough away from the main gardens so none of the houseguests will see it .
he 'd have the whole household staff searching the gardens but eventually , he would be the one to find her digging out here .
i could just close my eyes and envision what it must have looked like during the civil war with elegantly dressed women wandering around the gardens worrying about their men as the slaves performed their duties , wondering if things would ever be different .
the pristine gardens had winding paths , budding roses , and ivy covered arches that all lead to a view of the james river that went on for miles .
` ` well , i wanted you to have something special on your tour of the gardens , so i packed you a little something . ''
i glanced over at clare , who was currently looking out the window in the ornately decorated dining room , which showcased much of the gardens we 'd been in earlier .
jackson said nothing as we made our way to the back garden .
we reached the double doors leading to the grand garden my mother was so proud of when i paused .
she 'd heard a sound coming from the copse of trees that lined the garden path .
dani drove up the winding driveway and went around a circular garden to pull up in front of a stately mansion .
and , just as she 'd guessed , there was her mother sitting in front of an easel in the shade of the thicket of trees and bushes at the bottom of the garden , her eyes focused on the canvas .
luckily , probably startled by the commotion , some birds in the bushes at the other end of the garden raised their voices in strident complaint at the disturbance of their quiet evening .
but she 'd moved too fast , running blindly across the garden and round the house .
at her words rock came bounding up the garden , a huge grin on his face .
claire was sitting in her armchair by the window , looking out onto the garden below , her unguarded face a study in sorrow .
it sounded like her mother and manchester had just opened the garden door and were entering the house , deep in conversation .
barbara , like the good friend she 'd been over the years , sat there listening , not interrupting , just letting her spill her regretful thoughts all over the garden lawn .
i sipped on my champagne again and looked out at the house and gardens .
i was a little afraid i was going to crush the delicate stemware in my fist and spill champagne and glass all over the garden .
the doors leading out to the garden were locked .
` ` ' a corner of the rose garden , ' '' he answered .
ideally , i 'd like to stay at home and care for my family , cook , keep the house and garden , that sort of thing .
leaning on the deck railing , she checked out the gardens .
dark wicker chairs , with terracotta colored cushions , were spread out in a u shape , allowing all to enjoy the view of the gardens .
the peace and serenity of the gardens , which she 'd enjoyed hours before , was shattered .
she stared at her wine before taking a sip and then gazed toward the gardens , in effect dismissing him .
two comfy - looking sofas were arranged in a v - shape so all could enjoy the view of the moonlight garden through the floor - to - ceiling windows .
the formal italian garden , with its topiary and manicured lawns , was beautiful .
` ` but the story does n't end there , '' luke continued , staring out at the gardens beyond the balcony railing .
shades of bright pink , purple and red were everywhere and mingled with lush green shrubbery and various nonflowering plants , the gardens were absolutely breathtaking .
they 'd come to an abrupt halt at the edge of the gardens where the lush green lawns gave way to terracotta tiles surrounding a vast swimming pool .
zach got out of bed , pulled on a pair of drawstring trousers and a t - shirt , thrust his feet into leather flip - flops , and headed out across the gardens to the guesthouse .
zach got to his feet and crossed to the french doors , looking out over the gardens .
after he ended the call , he sat on the sofa , rested his head against the cushions , and stared out of the french doors to the gardens beyond .
she crossed the garden and whistled .
finally , he opened the french doors , which led into the gardens and pool area .
she demanded as she stepped into her own yard filled with her moonlit gardens .
she pulled on a robe and stepped out onto the small balcony in her room , looking down over the gardens her father tended whenever he had time .
the party was n't difficult to view since the whole area was lit up with twinkle lights woven into the trees , candles on every table , torches lining the multi - layered patios while flood lights strategically lit up the fabulous looking pool and meticulously manicured gardens .
` ` come , i 'll show you the gardens before bedlam descends , '' she said , leading helen out of the house and down stone steps directly off the blue salon .
helen happily followed dimitri 's mother , asking questions about the various plants that were landscaped around the gardens , genuinely eager to learn more about the flora and fauna of greece .
the shrill voice from across the garden startled them , especially since they had forgotten where they were and any possible audience .
she glanced through the windows at the pretty gardens and sighed .
` ` why do n't you show him the gardens , ana ? ''
oh yes , the gardens !
she should show this man the gardens .
` ` i 'd be delighted to show you the gardens , '' she said but her words were n't directed at anyone as her mind whirled through the scene .
there were several rooms consisting of a large bedroom , a sitting area with palladian windows that looked out over the gardens and a kitchen which he rarely used , preferring to eat his meals with his family in one of the formal dining rooms or the breakfast room .
` ` have antonia show you around the house and gardens .
after making love again that morning , she and sal had strolled through the dormant gardens around his house .
sal showed her the gardens and the maze his father had grown because of his love of mazes .
the garden party was in full swing .
unable to bear the stifling air inside , she excused herself from the family and went to the gardens .
yesterday , domenico took me a walk around the garden .
autumn leaves in every color imaginable greeted her and if she sat up straighter she could see the carefully tended garden surrounding the forcing house .
all of his paintings had been slashed , paints dumped , and the fainting couch - oh god - the fainting couch sat outside , its charred remains a violent gash against the gorgeous garden .
chapter five summer stood at the edge of the party , near the white tent in the middle of the expansive gardens at the chesson house bed and breakfast .
his head whipped around so fast she was sure if it had n't been attached , it would have frisbeed across the garden .
there was a rather lovely view of the garden from this vantage point .
let 's take a walk about the garden , shall we ? ''
the estate was beautiful , something out of a fairy tale , with flowering trees and gardens , but there was something unfinished about it .
he gazed out the window , into the back garden , where bella and daisy were sitting .
filmy white curtains fluttered at the windows that overlooked the garden at the rear of the mansion , and the french doors leading to the balcony boasted the same girly curtains as the windows .
the delicate snip of the twin blades beat a counterpoint to the lazy drone of bees dancing through the garden .
shaking his head , he glanced across the garden and margie followed his gaze .
but ... '' he paused , looked around the postcard - perfect garden and then to the back of the castle , which seemed to glitter in the late - afternoon sun .
the floors gleamed under the light thrown from the chandeliers , and in the backyard , fairy lights were strung in the trees ringing the garden .
releasing her briefly , he then took her upper arm in a firm grip and turned her toward the french doors and the gardens beyond .
the whole room was laughing , hunter realized as the crowd parted before him and let him pass through the ballroom and into the gardens .
this was home , and he felt as though the fairy lights in the trees and the garden itself were welcoming him back .
the gardens .
coming up to the doors leading to the gardens , he opened it up and stepped back , letting her enter before him .
i just ... '' walking over to the seven foot tall marble fountain in the center of the gardens she sat down on the white marble bench , crossing one shapely leg over the other .
the garden was dimly lit , but it was n't dark enough to hide blake 's stony face .
the dark blue and gold garden blurred .
i nodded and we walked back towards the brightly lit house , the noise and light spilling into the garden as he opened the glass door for me .
it has a lovely view of the garden .
he drained the glass , set it on the marble - topped wet bar and moved toward the wall of windows overlooking the garden and the pool .
camille dropped onto a couch by a massive wall of windows overlooking an infinity pool that appeared to spill into the gardens below .
julian poured scotch into a chilled glass and strolled to the window overlooking the east pool and rose gardens .
the quicker they got outside and through the gardens , the better .
joy bubbled over in her laughter as they raced along designated paths through the rose garden .
before getting into the shower , she 'd placed it on the table by the window overlooking the rose garden .
the gardens or their suite .
the east gardens below were in full bloom , with splashes of pinks , reds , purples , yellows and greens .
chapter ten most days , claudette enjoyed her mid - morning tea on the balcony off her second - floor bedroom that overlooked the rose garden .
as they walked , she leaned against andre and whispered , ` ` let 's have some tea out in the rose garden ? ''
chapter thirteen andre headed to the east rose garden to wait for tasha , who 'd gone up to change into something more comfortable .
he turned back to the rose garden , dimly - lit by solar lamps .
andre and julian 's hearty laughter echoed across the garden as the door behind them opened .
she did n't stop until they were outside again in the west gardens .
she closed the door behind her , then led cecily through the garden .
he tied the scarf loosely , covering her eyes and then drew her back into his embrace to lead her through the main salon and out into the east garden .
camille 's gaze bounced around the garden and then settled back on tasha .
she caught up with him in the hidden alcove in the east garden .
andre had moved the memorial stone for the baby they would never have to the south garden just off the back of the house .
tasha had called andre , and now she stood at the double french doors looking out over the garden while she waited for him to arrive .
andre poured two more scotches and headed toward his father - in - law , who was standing by the window overlooking the east gardens .
her and andre 's bedroom suite was n't the largest at belle vallee , but tasha had chosen this one because she could look down on the south garden and see her little angel 's memorial stone from the window .
it was a well - presented home with neat lawns and gardens , comfortable and solidly middle class .
it was an old but solid red brick federation - style home with a neat front lawn and garden - typical of the whole street - yet with no light on anywhere , its old - fashioned respectability felt forbidding .
it was being wheeled in from the wide garden path by four guys dressed in white with happy birthday , surrounded by the outline of a heart , printed in red on their t - shirts .
from the moment amy arrived at the powell home , ruth linked her arm with hers in warm welcome and whizzed her into a wonderfully large family room which opened out onto a lovely patio and pool garden area .
needing to put a cooling distance between himself and his father , luc moved over to one of the tall , narrow , lancet windows which gave a limited view of the east garden .
twenty minutes later , luc turned the red alfa through a huge iron gateway and headed up a semicircular drive , past perfectly manicured lawns and gardens to an incredibly large and imposing sandstone mansion .
once they were outside and on the path through the rose garden to the conservatory , he heard her suck in a deep breath as though she was short of oxygen .
flowers ... to lead her down his garden path !
then abruptly he was on his feet , drawing her up from the garden bench , his voice a low burr , announcing , ` ` i ' m hungry .
a stream of beautiful women led up your garden path but none of them able to hang on to you .
during the year , she had attended other race meetings with jack , at royal randwick and at rosehill gardens in sydney .
the buildings were all painted blue and white and the gardens looked very tropical with masses of colourful bougainvillea and hibiscus trees .
blake said i could explore the house and garden as long as i keep away from the west wing , where his sister lives .
stretched out below me is the vista of beautifully manicured gardens and farther away , but still part of the estate , the best and greenest of english countryside .
i watch them walk under the fairy lights and the oversized pom - poms until they are swallowed by the topiary garden .
more than thirty people worked in the house as butler , head housekeeper , chef , footmen , maids , nurses , chauffeurs and at least another sixty were employed on the farm , stable and gardens .
each mansion is white stone and surrounded by spacious gardens , but i do n't see anything .
a huge room , with miles of white and green tiles , it boasted a double sink , a shower big enough for an orgy and a hot tub with a wide bay window that overlooked the spectacular back gardens .
instead , she steeled herself , stomped across the room and pointed out the window at the elegantly decorated garden below .
` ` the vineyard manager , darleen , should be able to keep things running around here while i ' m gone , '' he said , glancing around the nearly empty garden area .
he blew out a breath and turning , walked a few steps to the window overlooking a formal garden .
the perfume of the roses was thicker the farther they went into the garden , and she inhaled deeply , dragging that scent into her lungs .
a huge flagstone patio off the kitchen and great room led directly here , and maggie had often had her morning coffee at the kitchen table , staring out at the garden justice said his mother had loved .
then he walked a few uneasy steps away from jesse , stared out at the rose garden and told his brother what he 'd never told another living soul before .
they ' ve fine waiters , lovely food and neatly tended garden paths designed to make sure their visitors ' fine shoes do n't get ruined . ''
he turned and looked out at the garden and the moonlit ocean beyond .
she loved the gardens , the topiary statues ; she even loved the smell of the place .
she shook her head and looked away from her mom 's sympathetic eyes to stare out over the palace 's formal gardens .
she turned her head to stare out over the gardens , to the ocean beyond and to the man on the other side of the world .
he turned away from the garden view and looked at the well - lit house behind him .
` ` whitney is in the garden . ''
when she opened her eyes , he was striding from the garden .
whitney stepped away from him , half turning toward nicki who was standing near the edge of the dance floor , but her partner firmly claimed her hand , tucked it under his arm , and drew her in the opposite direction toward the doors opening off the south side of the house into the gardens .
she was on the verge of refusing to take another step when she saw that there were at least two dozen guests scattered about the brick paths that wound through the lantern - lit gardens , any one of whom would come to her aid if her escort failed to conduct himself as a gentleman .
and so , as he gazed down into her radiant , laughing face in the armands ' garden , he had arrived at a highly satisfactory solution to the dual problem of his duty and his desire : he would marry whitney stone .
he could still visualize her exactly as she was that night la the garden at the armands ' masquerade , her beautiful face aglow with irreverent merriment because he had told her he was a duke .
the gardeners and groundskeepers who were gathering fallen twigs and heaping them onto a small fire took no apparent notice of the couple strolling through the gardens .
she walked through the formal rose gardens , vibrant with separate beds of red , white , pink and yellow roses , and then across the lush manicured banks of the immense lake where swans floated aimlessly upon the tranquil surface .
36 a steady stream of luxurious conveyances were packed into bow street , waiting to pull up before covent garden 's brightly lit facade to unload their passengers .
it was a portrait of a girl seated demurely on a garden swing , with pink rosebuds twined in her long hair and silk ones embroidered on the skirt of her white dress .
from the corner of her eye she saw a large dog sneaking out of the woods and trotting across her garden .
she was staring absently at the border of trees and shrubs at the edge of the garden - probably thinking up a list of questions for him , mitchell presumed wryly - when she stiffened suddenly and leaned forward .
when the physical evidence of it would n't diminish even slightly , he turned on his heel and left the terrace , forced to retreat into the darkness of the garden to conceal a rigid arousal that should n't have resulted from just one relatively chaste kiss .
mitchell was standing in the garden with his hands shoved in his pockets , staring out across the moonlit water as if lost in thought .
squinting through his spectacles at victoria , who was resolutely sketching yet another picture of the vine - covered garden wall , he stared at her patrician profile , trying to think of the words to describe her .
outside in the garden , dorothy nudged the ground with the toe of her slipper , sending the swing twisting listlessly from side to side .
dr . morrison walked into the garden and beamed an encouraging smile at both girls .
` ` his lordship 's got forty of 'em , countin ' the ones what takes care of the real gardens - the gardens at the house , i mean . ''
victoria walked along , admiring the splendid vista of rolling , clipped lawns and lavish gardens on her left , when a sudden movement a few yards away on her right made her stop short and stare .
a lump of tenderness swelled in victoria 's throat as he continued quietly , ` ` i watch you sometimes when you are strolling in the gardens or talking to the servants , and my heart fills with pride .
she 'd expected a duke 's grandmother to occupy a grand home , but nothing in her imagination or experience had prepared her for the sight of this gigantic , brooding place set amid acres of gardens and lawns .
` ` an hour later , as she wandered through the rose garden , her hysteria had cooled to a steely determination .
a half mile ahead , spread out before her in all its majestic splendor , was a three - story stone and glass mansion of over two hundred rooms , set against a backdrop of rolling green hills , crystal blue streams , and terraced gardens .
normally the morning room with its sunny yellow appointments and view of the garden brightened her spirits , but today as she walked inside and closed the doors behind her , the smile she had pasted on her face for the sake of the servants abruptly deserted her .
the energy she had forced into her steps vanished as she walked slowly over to the windows and stood , staring blindly into the garden .
he asked as they walked across the small , neatly kept front lawn toward the gardens off to the right .
as they passed the wide , rose - covered arch that marked the entrance to the formal gardens , jordan grinned ruefully to himself and shook his head as he realized , for the first time in his life , that the roses tumbling over the arch were red .
flowers had been blooming riotously in the formal gardens when she walked outside looking for her friends .
in the ballroom the orchestra was tuning up , and suddenly the opening strains of a lovely waltz drifted into the garden , filling it with music .
twilight was descending , and servants moved about the terraced garden paths lighting gay torches .
it had taken her nearly a half hour to find her friends , because they had gathered for a gay gossip at the far end of the garden where they were partially concealed from view by a high , clipped hedge .
instead of peering through the hedge elizabeth glanced around the end of it , scanning the garden , which was filled with gorgeously garbed men and women who were laughing and chatting as they moved languidly toward the ballroom where dancing would take place followed by a late supper .
` ` i do n't think- '' she started , but penelope burst out eagerly , ` ` he 's starting across the garden in this direction , and he 's alone !
darkness had fallen over the garden , and elizabeth realized she ought to go inside , yet she lingered , somehow reluctant to leave the enveloping intimacy of the garden .
moonlight spilled down the terrace steps and into the lantern - lit garden , and after a moment 's blissful peace elizabeth sought more of it .
elizabeth had supper in her room while berta packed , and she scrupulously avoided the window of her bedchamber , which happened to look out over the gardens below .
walking over to the windows , elizabeth parted the draperies , studying the guests who were standing on the terrace or strolling about the gardens .
there are hills and a lovely parkland and extravagant gardens , '' she explained as ian picked up his plate and mug and stood up .
at least part of the time he ought to be walking into ballrooms and strolling into gardens in his superbly tailored black evening clothes , making feminine heartbeats triple .
she remembered , though , valerie 's voice in the garden long ago as she looked through the hedge at ian : ` ` some say he 's the illegitimate grandson of the duke of stanhope . ''
a smile touched his lips as he thought of her in the garden the night they met ; she could challenge a roomful of men , but in the garden , when she was flirting with him , she 'd been so nervous that she 'd rubbed her palms against her knees .
` ` when i was young , '' she confided softly , looking out at the sloping gardens and the hills beyond , ` ` i used to think this was the most beautiful place on earth . ''
dragging his gaze from the beauty of the gardens , ian looked down at the beauty beside him .
` ` she is out in the gardens , my lord , '' his butler informed him .
no one but she had realized that the ballroom bore a rather startling resemblance to the gardens at charise dumont 's country house , and that the arbor at the side , with its trellised entrance , was a virtual replica of the place where she and ian had first waltzed that long - ago night .
there 's a small window overlooking the eastern part of the estate , and sometimes when i get overwhelmed i stand at the glass and stare down at the gardens .
this house always made me feel a little uncomfortable about our wealth , but the gardens ... even on my guiltiest of days , i could go sit in the gardens and breathe in all the life and things just felt better somehow .
this house always made me feel a little uncomfortable about our wealth , but the gardens ... even on my guiltiest of days , i could go sit in the gardens and breathe in all the life and things just felt better somehow .
invaders who have no problem gawking at the gardens out the windows or furiously scribbling down notes as if this place were the friggin ' eighth wonder of the world .
turning together they faced the crowd of guests and began the walk to the gardens where the wedding photos would be taken .
with its well - manicured gardens , sprawling lawns and view of the ocean the property around cliff house was just as magnificent as the mansion itself .
bracing both his arms on the railing , he looked over the elaborate sprawling garden .
after christopher left the garden , she went back inside rather than explore alone .
christopher dropped back down into his chair and swirled around so he faced the window overlooking the garden .
in the summer she spent a ridiculous amount of time both in the gardens and in her greenhouse .
gwen stared sightlessly at the mansion 's gardens .
her arrhythmia somehow did n't shake her apart as she cast her gaze around the expansive gardens , even when it took a further plunge into irregularity .
the gardens were decorated in the exact way she 'd imagined and told farooq about yesterday .
he was leading her down the wide marble steps to the gardens .
he stared out into the gardens , still blind .
he 'd remembered an offhand comment i 'd made when we had visited the botanical gardens while we were still dating .
when we 'd circled most of the east gardens and were headed back toward the house , jack grew somewhat serious .
an attractive blonde with eighties pink nail polish stood at the main entrance , checking invitations as guests made their way into the gardens .
they lingered over the pond and in the quiet gardens , their conversation drifting over to me .
an open archway took them into gardens that would once have been beautiful but had , like the house itself , fallen into decay .
then lexi turned on her heel and walked out of the garden , trying to scrub the image of david 's hand threaded up through one of the holes in jade 's dress out of her head .
and there he was , at the end of the immaculate gardens , the one thing she craved .
as she began to dial his number , two masked men burst into the room from the french doors that opened to a patio leading to the gardens .
she headed for the open french doors and stopped with her back to him , contemplating the gardens at night .
she looked out over the magnificent garden , but was lost in thought , unseeing .
derek joined him at the rail overlooking the lantern - lit garden and took an offered cigar .
i drank in the sight as a mist began to fall over manicured gardens and landscaping lights came to life all across the property .
sara glanced around the garden and i added , ` ` just a dance , petal . ''
manicured lawns stretched out to either side , the gardens disappearing into the darkness .
they walked around the back of the house and into the gardens behind it , which mallory had never seen before .
halfway to the bay , the garden ended at a beautiful wrought iron gate that separated it from an open pasture where half a dozen horses were grazing .
they veered off the garden path and walked through a stand of oak trees into a more shaded area .
but still , standing on the terrace looking down over the gardens of the beautiful biltmore estate , at the wedding of the illustrious stock car driver ty mccordle and his phd bride , imogen wilson , harley definitely thought the night was magic .
my rose garden is pretty , but it is n't that f**king pretty ! ''
she glanced around at the beautiful gardens across the way and the fountain drizzling water in the center .
she gestured toward little dane who was chasing isabel round the garden while ferrari and bronty yapped playfully at their heels .
` ` we 'll just take a little promenade around the garden . ''
` ` just taking a stroll in the garden , '' william says .
how about you pick up your glass and allow me to show you round the rose garden ?
he flew backwards from the room and into the garden , giving us the finger as he went out .
i looked back once at the garden but did n't see abby or the baby , so i shrugged and stepped out too , shutting the door behind me quietly .
she was n't there , but i did find her about five steps farther out in the garden , lying right in the middle of the path , sound asleep just like aidan .
i reached my door and threw it open , searching first their table and then out in the garden for them .
the house is the biggest in town , a colonial - style white home with a circular driveway and beautiful gardens .
she would have loved the gardens and the ocean views , and the stately house very much .
` ` suit yourself , '' i told him saucily as we headed around the side of the house to the gardens in back .
i smiled into his handsome face looking so intently at me , the illumination from the garden lights reflecting in his blue eyes like tiny sparks .
two days later ... ben and i watched simon from the rose garden and hoped he did n't spot us .
` ` mrs . blackstone , are you hiding in the garden at your own wedding party ? ''
i came out through the arch that led to the gardens and looked for her , and there she was .
she 'd been talking about wanting to learn ever since she 'd seen my mother 's garden at my dad 's london house .
my study overlooked the back gardens and then the coastal sea beyond it .
she was sitting on the garden wall holding herself between her legs .
the unusualness of the design was compelling , but now that we knew the story behind its creation , it was much more than an appealing piece of carved stone decorating the garden wall .
even the insects in the gardens seemed to have hushed in deference to this woman who looked so radiant that she seemed lit from within .
and what was even more extravagant , james had an entirely new all white garden arrangement put together just for us .
` ` we want the painting to show the splendor of belford hall in the springtime ... the woods , the gardens .
a strange feeling crept over her as the black sedan glided toward the enormous , stately jacobean - tudor mansion set amongst elaborate gardens and woods that would be ablaze with color during the spring and summer .
chapter five she , ian , and gerard walked to the cottage at the edge of the woods , their boots crunching on the frosty path leading through the gardens , the cold winter air seemingly doing nothing to cool either her irritation at ian or the charged atmosphere swirling among the three of them .
` ` the gardens and yard area were only expanded in the past few decades .
an hour later , the train rattled into giverny , and she caught another taxi to monet 's gardens .
she spotted a small sturdy paperback on the gardens themselves .
nearly an hour later , the driver pulled up to the gardens , and jack paid him .
in all his time here in europe , he 'd never made it to these gardens .
the most beautiful sight in all the gardens was this bridge , but in his mind it barely compared to her .
` ` i will always want to , '' he said , and kissed her in the garden , on the bridge , the weeping willow the witness to his deep and abiding love for this woman who 'd challenged him , who 'd changed him , and who 'd healed him simply by loving him .
she wanted to be as intimate with him as she could , after he 'd said those gorgeous words over and over at the gardens .
do you want to walk around the gardens ? ''
i sat down near the front porch and watched as they illuminated the garden , my mind traveling back to simpler times and the nights when my father would watch as i ran around our yard with a glass jar trying to catch fireflies to keep as my own .
i hurriedly walked around the house and then headed out toward the gardens , finally catching a glimpse of her as i rounded the first stand of hedges .
* * * i followed behind daryl as he walked the stone path toward the gardens behind the house .
performing her maid of honor duties perfectly , jordan corralled the guests to the table in the garden where the reception was to be held .
it was a twelve million dollar eight bedroom eight and a half bath with indoor and outdoor swimming pools , a tennis court and english gardens sitting on four acres .
she turned from the window where she 'd been gazing out over the gardens in silence .
~c~ the next day , i watched as stella strolled towards the gardens , deep in thought .
his study was situated on the left wing , facing the gardens .
the estate garden was massive , and half past midnight , i decided to walk across it as i headed towards the cottage my family was staying in a mile south from the gardens .
the estate garden was massive , and half past midnight , i decided to walk across it as i headed towards the cottage my family was staying in a mile south from the gardens .
we were in the garden room that was decorated in white with a lot of glass panes and a wide french door that led to the well - tended gardens .
we were in the garden room that was decorated in white with a lot of glass panes and a wide french door that led to the well - tended gardens .
` ` i 'll be back with more nibbles , '' i said as i strode out of the garden room , lost in thought as i robotically navigated towards the kitchens .
i stood at the window and looked down into the garden .
i walked down the garden and stopped in front of the red mud - brick house .
at least the chairs were padded and the windows were plentiful and had good views of the very perfect lawns and gardens .
if there are any lights out in the garden , they ' ve already been shut off for the night , but i can just make out a great dark section that i suspect is the hedge maze calder boasted about .
` ` i was thinking , '' he says , ` ` that we might take advantage of the sun and have a look around the gardens .
finally we head back outside to the gardens .
in the meantime , you 're free to use the house as your own - the pool , gardens , and gym are all open to you . ''
i spend the next fifteen minutes flying him like an airplane around the yard , hunting for frogs in the garden and letting him dip his fingers into the pool while i hold onto him .
he 'd chosen extreme weather - resistant plastic , which made a tight enough seal around the area that some of the heartier trees on the garden side did n't have to be moved indoors when the temperatures dropped below freezing .
he walked the garden path and laid her on the blanket he 'd spread out .
a long driveway , manicured gardens , ivy snaking over the ageing brickwork like a network of veins .
the garden appeared to be empty .
there 's a bucket hanging on the fence post by the garden gate . ''
i saw you ride at madison square garden for the last two years .
i followed the road that winds around the gardens and it ended abruptly . ''
she walked closer to him as they strolled back to the gardens .
` ` i taught her how to cook , bake , garden , raise various things for food and how to make things to sell , if that 's what you mean .
then the baby did a full belly roll inside her that took her breath away , forcing her to rest on a porch swing in the lawn and garden department .
i do n't have the eye for detail that carolyn does , so i ' m mostly tending the gardens . ''
carolyn had just closed the garden gate when he pulled up and honked .
it looked very turn - of - the - century with large greek columns and gardens that still appeared sculpted even in the deep winter snow and frost .
the garden itself was surrounded by high black marble walls that shone so much they reflected images like mirrors .
he stood as still as a statue , gazing out on the garden below .
sin had paused in the garden to look at him .
artemis glowered at her before she pushed herself up from the table and walked her outside to the gardens .
the garden reflects her quirky nature . ''
my attention was caught by movement outside my window , in the garden .
raising her hand , she opened the double doors that led to the gardens .
from the deepest part of her being , a scream of rage and grief swelled and when she gave vent to it , it shattered the pool and rocked the garden around her .
nick stood outside the garden of kyrian 's house , staring in at ash 's wedding reception .
` ` it 's me , '' francesca said as she flashed them from the garden .
i even plan a bike tour of versailles , where i can see the expansive gardens and the palace .
the garden was full of shadowhunters - twenty , maybe thirty , of them in dark hunting regalia , inked with marks , each holding a blazing witchlight stone .
alec raced to the window and stared out in horror , but there was nothing to see : just the garden of the institute far below , brown and empty , and the narrow path that led up to the front door .
he was in the back garden , as promised , lying on a plastic lounging chair with a comic open in his lap .
a white mist blanketed the garden , and there was a heavy smell in the air - the sharp tang of ozone and something else under it , sweet and unpleasant .
behind him strode magnus , his cat eyes shining like metal in the hot portal light that bathed the garden .
jace was sitting on the low stone wall that bordered the penhallows ' front garden , his hair very bright under the light of the nearest streetlamp .
` ` i did n't mean that- '' a beam of bright yellow light cut across the garden suddenly .
the front door shut , leaving alec sitting in the half - lit garden , alone .
someone was standing in the garden below , and for a moment , with a leap of her heart , all she saw was that the figure was slender and tall , with boyish , rumpled hair .
jace looked wildly from hodge to sebastian standing uncertainly at the edge of the garden ; jace looked almost dazed .
as they left the garden , jace paused , drew off his jacket , and laid it over hodge 's slack , upturned face .
by the time they drew up on the ridge overlooking the house and gardens , both he and the horse were covered in a light sheen of sweat .
the gardens , singed at the edges now , still brought back memories of the time he 'd lived there as a child .
simon watched as they took their places in chairs across from camille ; she did n't look up as they seated themselves , but the white lights that had illuminated the garden went out suddenly - not one by one but all at the same time - leaving simon staring at a disorienting square of darkness , as if someone had switched off the stars .
he stood , staring through them - at the garden outside or his own reflection , clary could n't tell .
the roof garden of the greenwich hotel - now closed , and therefore empty of people - was done up like an english garden , with carefully shaped dwarf box trees , elegantly scattered wicker and glass furniture , and lillet umbrellas that flapped in the stiff wind .
` ` ' a garden enclosed is my sister , ' '' he said .
they passed through the gardens outside the fortress , up a set of stairs , then through another set of doors into a long corridor that ended at the council chamber .
clary could see in her mind 's eye the gard as it was in her world , the hill covered in trees and greenery , the gardens surrounding the keep , the glow of witchlight illuminating the whole place .
under them were several lounge chairs and small tables , but it was the neatly manicured flower garden that caught and held my attention .
` ` feel free to tour the gardens , '' leonardo offered , smiling encouragement .
the blonde man 's sparkling cobalt - blue eyes roamed over the gardens , a proud smile stretching his lips .
we reached the other side of the garden to find leonardo holding open the door of a rolls royce .
five stories of balconies came crashing down , the concrete and brick pounding the cobblestones and gardens into dusty heaps , sending the ratheus vampires scuttling for cover .
i found myself in the atrium - a horribly mangled version of it ; the balconies now heaps of brick and stone , the gardens burned to the ground .
i now stood within nathan 's gardens , crisp summer night air drifting across my bare shoulders .
she went back to the rear garden , crossed the lawn , skirting the grave if she remembered , and sometimes she did n't , and then she sat at the wicker table and said , ` ` rowan , good morning . ''
she leaned on her elbow , her red hair making a veil between her and the iron gates to the front garden .
the burning green of the garden seemed to fold into one great veil .
she turned over , nestling into the big velvet couch with its many loose pillows , and stared out the windows into the garden , which was flooded with the morning sun .
she stood at the back garden gate , looking at deirdre 's oak , and the table where rowan had sat , and the fresh green grass growing there , brighter and more truly green than the grass around it .
she wandered out on the flagstones and off towards the back garden .
best , warmest time in the back garden .
it was as if the garden were singing .
they had strolled the gardens together , gone to the retreats in rome together .
and maybe the big paperweight eyes of the gorgeous bru jne 14 would gaze upon that little child , and would they see the witches ' blood as he might if ever , if ever he dared to journey there , some time after the baby had come into this world , as they say - if he dared , just to spy upon them all - the family of witch kind - from the fabled garden where once the ghost of lasher walked , and his remains were committed to the earth - from that garden which could hide another phantom , could it not , peering through a small , unnoticed winter window .
the room was dimly lit by a nearby fire , but its doors were open to the garden .
all the girls were now in a long room , and through narrow windows on one wall , beauty could see the garden .
a great current of laughter passed through the garden .
other riders were coming , and they were making a line all along the wall that almost blocked beauty 's view of the garden .
she tried to remain close to lady juliana as they proceeded along a pathway , out of the gardens , past the kitchen and stables to a plain dirty yard in which she saw a great cart , without its horse , standing on four wheels against the walls that surrounded the castle .
lord gregory whispered in her ear as he whipped her onto the garden path .
the distant castle was now no more than a great gray shadow against the lightening sky , its vast pleasure gardens concealed by the high walls that surrounded it .
in the early hours of the morning , i had risen and boldly walked out of lord stefan 's chamber , breaking and running to the far reaches of the garden where the pages saw me .
whatever the reason , i waited until the lady had fallen asleep in her garden chair , and then i stood up and rushed to the garden wall and climbed over it .
whatever the reason , i waited until the lady had fallen asleep in her garden chair , and then i stood up and rushed to the garden wall and climbed over it .
for one moment the immensity of the garden impressed her .
our tall , elegantly haughty master led us to the very center of the garden .
he smacked me twice , hard , and i saw the garden in flashes of color as my head turned .
and when i saw the garden through the open doors , i felt the faint hope that maybe i was n't to be specially punished .
there were more servants at work in the garden .
whether they knew it was a disgrace to be whipped like this , the sound disrupting the peace and the quiet of the garden .
the garden was quieter now .
but we soon came to a brightly lighted room opening off the garden .
and there came the lovely warm feeling of my heart opening again , as it had on the garden path , the feeling that i belonged to him .
lexius was standing at the window , looking out into the darkened garden .
behind them the garden lay quiet .
i was not fit to kiss my lady 's slippers anymore or be her garden plaything .
the vampires who had reached the door were pushing and shoving to get through it first ; others had turned course and were streaming toward the french doors that looked out over the garden .
17 call the darkness down the old church tower and garden wall are black with autumn rain , and dreary winds foreboding call the darkness down again .
she opened a rusted shutter and gazed out the window into the night , seeing , he knew , tangled gardens blighted with neglect .
she 'd lovingly overseen every tiny detail of its restoration , slowly bringing the manor and gardens back to life .
she floated through the tangled gardens to the sad little folly , turning it over in her head .
rising beyond the garden was the gray - walled castle of her family .
feigning dejection , he turned his back on her , all but oblivious to the manicured gardens going dark and damp .
silently laughing , algaliarept wrapped his arm around her neck , grabbing her hair with his free hand and pulling her across the garden to the nearest ley line .
late march , and they still had n't moved back into the garden from rachel 's desk , on loan for the winter .
the children enjoy watching the garden when you 're gone .
hands on his hips , he stared out into the dark garden and watched the bands of colored light sift from the oak tree .
it hit the tree , exploding in a familiar splat of sound as a piercing whistle echoed through the garden .
` ` out and watching that elf in the garden ! ''
` ` it wo n't tangle in the garden now , '' he said cautiously .
ivy was standing stiffly at the sink , looking out into the garden , jenks sitting on the overturned brandy snifter on the sill .
bis and belle were on top of the fridge having an impromptu reading lesson , jenks was in the garden , and wayde was upstairs getting some wolfsbane to spike the chili with .
i turned from the darkening garden , the clean coffeepot in my hands .
relief spilled into me , and he shifted to put the flat of an arm on the table as he looked into his garden , his mind clearly on other things as we waited .
i leaned back in my garden chair , and he put a hand on the table , almost pinning me there .
chapter ten i 'll be sure belle gets it , '' i said , smiling at the wingless fairy standing on the wrought - iron garden table , her long white braid almost to her waist and her pale , angular features in a tight knot .
trent 's glassed - in garden felt stuffy ; the propped - open door leading to the exterior gardens let in very little air .
outside , the early afternoon sun shone thinly on the largely empty spring gardens , but it was here that trent had brought me for tea - which i thought totally weird .
all the way across the tink - blasted garden .
` ` a good hundred feet from the second floor of the castle to the garden outside .
trent looked a little ill , and i wondered whose half - a - mile - long line was running through his office , back room , and gardens .
` ` thanks , jenks , '' i said with a long exhalation , then glanced out the window at the dark garden , the gargoyles ' eyes winking eerily .
head coming up , he flew to the sill , standing beside the overturned water glass and looking out the window with his back to us as he gazed into his garden , shadowed in the coming sunset .
i shivered in my jacket , feeling as if i was being watched as i took a last look over the sunset - gloomed garden .
i could hear the gargoyles in the garden rumbling like elephants as i shut the door .
we were right on the gravelly garden path , or at least i was .
i 'd never even seen the upstairs apartments , having gone immediately to trent 's secondary office on the ground floor , and out into the gardens from there .
the single window that overlooked the kitchen garden was a black square of night .
ivy straightened , her expression shifting from alarm to fear when jenks made a wide arcing path around the garden , arrowing to us .
he was facing sideways to me , and i could hear pixies playing in the garden .
` ` if you 're not going to fight , i ' m going to go rescue your horse from my kids , '' he said , and then with a cheerful dust i did n't understand , he darted out into the garden .
wings a low hum , jenks flew to the mantel to where he could keep one eye on the garden out the high windows .
the garden felt empty , and my mind would n't stop circling over the thought of endings .
it would n't be long until the garden was again noisy with life , and that gave me more peace than i would ' ve expected .
he was leaving the garden unguarded ?
i did n't think any pixy or fairy would mess with the garden in the meantime .
the light was dim with the coming sunrise since the drapes at the french doors to the garden were open , and it made his eyes dark .
the morning garden beckoned , a gray patch of solitude and calm after lucy 's exuberance , and after a look at my phone and the time , i shuffled to the big french doors .
noelle pictured hector standing on her balcony , her garden surrounding him as he smoked a cigar .
the sides stretched wide and wrapped backward , as if hugging the jewel - toned gardens just beyond .
alabaster columns opened into separate rooms , some with tables of food , some with artwork on display , some with lush , fragrant gardens .
had thought to fly past , but had stopped to watch the wedding taking place in the gardens .
most of the demons successfully fought the currents and managed to crawl through the gardens to the alabaster steps , past the ivy - rich columns to the towering double doors leading inside .
to synda , kane gritted , ` ` let 's take a walk through the gardens .
the gardens were lush and manicured .
at the center of the garden , grace sat at a table with carolyn .
i followed the man outside through a set of double doors and down a tiny set of stone steps that led out to a rose garden .
` ` i think i 'll stay here for a while , '' i said , pointing to a small bench in the garden courtyard with a cherub topped fountain .
she leaned in , trying to catch a glimpse of any distinctive shadows , but the sun had n't come up yet and the garden was a pit of darkness .
he groaned loudly , and she stepped back , knocking herself into her garden chair .
she should ' ve been on her guard , sharpening her kitchen knives or rounding up her garden tools .
paper lamps strung on long white runners gave the garden a peaceful wedding reception - like appearance .
gracie pushed me toward the garden gate .
from the multi - colored mailbox to the series of stone gnomes dotting the front garden .
maria followed me to our regular table near the large window overlooking the gardens .
when the wind swept past my window again , i flicked the petals into the day ; they floated up into the air , making circles on the breeze , following the autumn leaves to the old oak tree in the garden , finally resting , with one last kiss from the wind , right on the seat of the swing .
the gardens were dark , the lights , usually lining the paths that wound through the endless trees and wide planes of grass , were switched off - an obvious attempt to deter hot - blooded teens .
jason watched again for a second as emily landed beside mike , her hand on his shoulder , her head whipping up to search the gardens before she took off up the stairs , running .
i ' m tired , and i did n't come out here- '' i motioned to the garden , ` ` -for a political debate . ''
he stood a little taller and his eyes narrowed as he looked into the gardens .
i 'd seen the wall that bordered it from my balcony , but could never see inside - the gardens hidden under the pinks of cherry blooms and the greens of leafy trees .
morgaine transformed into the epitome of a little girl , taking my hand and leading me to the garden steps .
` ` that path leads right around the gardens , '' morgaine said .
i could imagine the garden went on forever , and this magical feeling , this sense of something present here that could n't be touched , made me think i would n't be surprised if it did , in fact , go on forever .
but i owned the breath of relief i took when we reached the great hall and tiptoed over the shiny wood floors , past the partially - set breakfast table and into the garden , unnoticed .
i grabbed her and we hustled down the stairs to stand with jason , concealed from the gardens by the steps .
i jumped back , landing on my butt and hands in the grass , while a soft giggle trickled around the treetops then , following the child as she hopped off the swing and ran through the gates , out of the garden , leaving me feeling very alone .
tiny dots of water rose from the stone statue to catch a ride on the breeze , greeting my cheeks with cool kisses before sweeping out of the garden and far away .
` ` please- '' he turned and offered the small white garden table behind him .
he positioned our arms widely , with absolutely perfect form , and i caught a glimpse of us in the giant glass windows overlooking the gardens : a man in a suit of black and white , his not - so - beloved queen standing a few inches shorter than him - their backs so straight , their steps so swift and graceful , the whole scene like something from a fairy - tale .
jase let out a hot breath across the night sky and twirled me gracefully into his arms , cradling my spine to his chest , both of us just watching the candlelight from inside flicker shadows around the garden below us .
i never saw the appeal of the stuffy , fake english rose gardens in this part of town , but now , with the green hedges walling us in and moonlight softly dancing on the pond , it 's the perfect secluded spot .
since it was julio 's day to prune the roses , hallie 's neck ached by the time dakota finally strolled up the garden path , but just the sight of him - black jeans and a v - neck shirt , hair ruffled in windswept curls - made her forget even the minor tendon ache .
she surveyed the garden with a beam of delight .
from the white , canopied awnings to the spotless tables , overflowing with pink cupcakes and even pinker flower arrangements , the garden was beautiful , a testament to what a husband with a private equity fortune could achieve .
she steered flora firmly across the garden , chatting about the divine profiteroles in an effort to raise her party spirits again .
* * * by the time the sunlight faded to a rosy dusk , the pimm 's was flowing freely , and laughter was loud in the candlelit garden .
it was a clear , sunny day , and as she ventured out into the overgrown back garden , she had to admit that being stuck in the middle of the countryside had some advantages : the house backed onto open fields , and the patchwork of grass and crooked hedges stretched in front of her , wide and windswept .
alice clambered in , looking around to find what looked like a career 's worth of work piled in the back of the tiny car : a mass of pastel landscapes , dreamy garden scenes , and delicate still - life prints , miniature copies of flora 's vast creations .
` ` westbourne gardens . ''
for some reason , this did n't square with her memory of him either , old - fashioned in that linen suit at the garden party .
alice took a forkful of pasta , settling back in her wrought - iron garden chair .
flora 's voice echoed faintly from the back garden .
she linked her arm through alice 's and steered her out into the garden again .
closing the low , whitewashed garden gate behind me , i stepped out onto the oak- and maple - lined pavement , leaves already surrendering to my namesake .
she disappeared behind the maple tree in our front garden , the slam of the door telling me she had heard me .
as i closed the garden gate behind me , he turned around and pulled away .
behind me , light pooled across the garden from the glass panels on either side of the front door .
i could see his mercedes parked just to the left of where our front garden ended - even in a relatively well - off neighborhood , it looked out of place .
seated around a wrought - iron table at one end were his uncle , aunt , and lady elizabeth ; prince alfie lounged at her feet on a set of wooden steps leading down to the garden .
` ` fallon , why do n't you take the lady autumn around the gardens before the light fades ?
` ` 'cause he 's out in the yard , killing your garden hose with his shovel , '' ty answered with a jerk of his thumb at the window .
ty could n't help but smile as zane led him toward the massive , sprawling oak tree that stood as the centerpiece of the gardens .
he headed for the doors to the balcony and stood leaning against the frame , gazing out at the gardens , the cliffs , and the choppy ocean beyond .
beyond the manicured gardens below , a sheer cliff stretched in either direction , ushering the angry sea along its way .
soon the patio was empty enough for deuce and livi to retreat into the darkness of the gardens and sit with ty .
it took them too many minutes to reach the gardens in the back of the house where the inner passages would have led someone to exit .
they started off toward the gardens and the mansion beyond .
i try to turn away , to force myself to look at the row of swaying willows just behind the gazebo or the rose garden with each bloom turning its face toward the sun , but i ca n't move .
` ` does your mom garden ? ''
there are wide windows , opening the inside up to the amazing views of the vines and gardens .
she walked across the garden and stopped in front of him .
and you 're standing in the garden wearing your pyjamas , '' he replied as if her transgression was as bad as his .
they appeared to be standing outside chatting as the mansion , even though it had extensive walled gardens and its function was governmental , was ensconced within the city and open for passersby to see .
the sky was free of clouds , the moon full , its brightness frosting the dark , immaculate garden below in a way that was appropriately eerie .
my eyes moved from the garden and i caught my reflection in the glass .
they were both standing outside but dave , not smoking , was sitting on a garden chair .
* * * * * i stared out the window at daniel hart 's beautiful lawn and garden .
through the abundance of lavender , jake saw his wife and son in the garden across the way .
frey went to his study which had a window that faced the back garden where finnie , looking too tempting by half in her tight breeches with her skin now honeyed by the kiss of hawkvale 's bright sun , was at the bow , her target now thirty feet away instead of the twenty where she 'd started as she had improved and annar felt he should increase her challenge .
` ` it is a lovely property with vast gardens .
i was looking out into the back garden , thinking .
the wall to the garden shared by the kitchen and seating area had been fitted almost entirely with floor - to - ceiling windows including a set of french doors .
it had wide entryways to both the stairwell and the drawing room and grand , double french windows that lead to the front gardens .
the sun was setting but light still covered the house , gardens and the rolling fields to the west .
two more chairs faced his desk and there was an ancient standing globe in the corner beside the floor - to - ceiling windows that faced the garden .
julia walked to the ceiling - high windows and surveyed the gardens .
they 'd refitted the awkward kitchen to be a cook 's ( or , bertie 's , to be precise ) dream and built a lovely summer house in the garden for mags 's potions and witch paraphernalia .
bran would have to brave the unknown wilds of the front garden and wood until she came home and sibyl had to trust that her clever cat would survive ( though she had little doubt he would ) .
mallory finished his business ( business that did not require clean up ) and seemed to be enjoying the vast front garden by running around it in circles for no apparent reason .
sibyl opened the backdoor and walked stiffly through the garden .
as she stood , shaken and trembling from the kiss , watching him walk with his masculine grace back through her garden , she heard his mobile ring again .
it could be she 'd taken the money to invest in the business , though it seemed a relatively small operation from what he could see , considering it was run out of a chalet in her back garden .
if this bizarre explanation was true then he had , as royce , been in sibyl 's small chalet in her back garden most likely kissing who he thought was beatrice .
moments later , without a word , she abruptly ran from the table and out into the sunny back garden .
because of that , before he joined his guests , with curiosity , he went to one of the two semi - circular windows on the outer wall and looked into the terraced garden .
kyle shouted and the children tore away from sibyl and rushed down the garden 's terraced steps in such wild abandon , she feared for a moment they 'd all end up in a heap of broken bones at the bottom .
* * * * * in the gatehouse , another spectre dispatched the watchful guard at the same time the last was felled at the edge of the third terrace of the back garden .
indeed , according to the reports that olive carefully studied with growing disgust , belle ` ` slipped '' in her kitchen twice , the bathroom four times , in the garden thankfully only once and she 'd fallen down the stairs alarmingly often .
i was beginning to wonder if riley was n't leading me down the garden path with his so - called ` ` workouts '' and ` ` strength training '' .
my father sat in a garden chair and had mom in his lap , his arm around her waist , his fingers curled at her hip .
` ` this should be interesting ... '' chapter seventeen amy the window faced the driveway and part of the rose garden in front of the house .
with one last look behind her , alice nodded and took his arm , following him deep into the dark garden trails .
alone in vauxhill gardens at night with a man ?
he did not wait for her to answer but led her toward the garden doors .
bridget averted her gaze to the gardens beyond the balcony .
he offered his arm and made quick work of guiding her outside near the gardens .
` ` there 's a shock , '' she grumbled , yet followed him outside to the gardens again .
she was sitting in the sun room , which faced the garden where the famous wedding took place in the book series .
they walked in silence all the way through the back garden until they came to a small blanket with champagne and bread .
christian was against the only tree in the garden , with a lazy smile plastered across his face ` ` that i am . ''
the second she closed her eyes and thought those dangerous thoughts , a shrill laugh rang through the garden .
i do love to look at the garden in the evening !
` ` lesson number three ... '' pierce took her hand and led her to the edge of the balcony that overlooked the rose garden .
sofia let out a little squeak as pierce pushed her away and then , with a bow , jumped over the balcony and into the rose garden .
unfortunately , because of her reputation , they would merely attempt to steal her away into the dark gardens .
and boasted of a maze of gardens before one even entered the door !
throwing open the door to the back garden , she took a step out and gasped .
seated by the far window , staring out at her own back garden , was grandma .
but the garden was quiet .
but then stella screamed , shattering the scene in the garden , scattering my thoughts .
` ` you can see the gardens from up here .
the gardens were brown with the season , and one of the leafless trees was choked with blackbirds .
she looks really ... '' ` ` it was just sitting by the door to the garden apartment , '' he said .
there 's a drum set , a keyboard , and a few guitars lying about , as well as a piano at the opposite end of the room , by the garden doors .
instead i get up from the bench and open the garden doors .
and the far wall was made entirely of glass to provide a stunning view of the formal rose gardens .
duncan breathed a sigh of relief as they left the dining hall by a side door and entered the moon - drenched gardens .
there were beautifully carved benches and birdbaths , and along the edge of the gardens were low hedges so perfectly trimmed they did n't seem real .
duncan followed the man out of the garden and into a narrow hall .
william , she realized as she watched the shadowed form crossing the garden .
as swift as she was , however , she was too late to halt her brother as he dashed from the back of the garden in obvious pursuit of his recently acquired cat .
she held the candle high as she entered the small lane that lay beyond her garden , careful to avoid the inevitable rubbish that was carelessly tossed about .
she was still pacing aimlessly when a noise from the garden had her moving toward the window .
instead , her eyes caught sight of the sleek , black cat that prowled haughtily across the garden , knocking over a crumbling statue and a forgotten bucket as he slowly strolled toward the nearby hedge .
indeed , she was quite intelligent enough to feel a measure of unease as she pursued the demon - spawned cat across the garden and around the narrow town house .
at last slipping through the kitchen door , amelia paused only a moment before moving through the small garden toward a large oak tree .
there was only a moment of hesitation before a darker shadow detached from the low wall about the garden and stepped into the bright , silver moonlight .
standing in the silvered darkness of the garden and surrounded by the pungent aroma of roses , she thought that she must still be dreaming .
amelia shivered , feeling oddly unlike herself in the darkened garden .
he had known from the moment she had entered the garden that he should leave .
instead he remained standing at the edge of the garden with a frown upon his brow .
she shivered , desperately wishing they were back in the dark garden rather than in a proper library where the housekeeper might walk in any moment .
with swift movements he was at the door and , pulling it open to watch as the maiden rushed through his narrow garden with her obviously reluctant brother in tow .
they had left the cottage and started across the overgrown garden when amelia came to an abrupt halt .
lucien had not only revealed a kind consideration for the nervous maidens , he had swiftly charmed them into giddy , rather wide - eyed admirers as he allowed them to show him about the cottage and surrounding gardens .
she moved to the back of the house and used the kitchen door to lead her into the garden .
` ` you are attempting to steal my amulet , '' she blurted out , hoping to distract him long enough that lucien might notice their presence in the garden and come to rescue her .
turning back toward the hedge gideon continued his gliding path toward the back of the gardens .
seen a bloke slip through the garden and onto the terrace near an hour ago . ''
he did not halt as she had expected but continued toward the stairs that led to the shadowed garden .
he glanced carefully around the garden , as if expecting to discover someone lurking about .
leaving the town house in the traditional manner , gideon swiftly rounded the high hedge and made his way to the back garden .
gideon allowed his gaze to roam over the garden , carefully scrutinizing the few places that could hide a careful stalker .
with a nod of his head gideon turned to leave the garden through the mews .
with a wide venetian window that overlooked the garden and walls hung with red and gold embossed leather , it seemed to glow like a jewel in the late afternoon sunlight .
seated at the window seat , simone stared into the darkness of her garden as she absently shredded a dainty lace handkerchief .
once there she made her way to the garden and slipped through the narrow door that led to the kitchen .
the unexpected sound of a voice in the center of the garden had both gideon and simone jerking apart in surprise .
stepping into the chilled night air , victor paused , his senses instinctively searching the garden and shadowed mews for any hint of danger .
` ` come into the gardens with me . ''
her lips twisted , her gaze skimming over the dark , seemingly empty garden .
uriel kept his gaze trained out the window , tracing the moonlit gardens , but in his mind he returned to two centuries ago , when victor had led his clan ( along with his stubborn mate ) into the tunnels beneath the london docks , determined to drive away the full - blooded jinn who 'd set up residence there .
it was one of the carefully manicured gardens that could only be found in the most elegant neighborhoods .
of course , his senses were worthless when it came to the curs and their damned witch , he reminded himself , tugging the handgun from his waistband as they rounded the house and entered the tiny rose garden at the back .
jagr 's gaze searched the dark garden , his instincts tingling with an unmistakable warning .
the dark , richly masculine voice filled the room as salvatore pushed open a french door behind her and stepped in from the garden .
the towering walls were covered by crimson silk panels , the rich color echoed in the upholstery of the traditional english furnishings and heavy velvet curtains that had been pulled aside to reveal a line of arched windows that overlooked a sunken garden .
tane paced toward the gardens drenched in a silvery fog , annoyed by the intrusion into his privacy .
the last time she 'd seen styx he had maluhia tucked in one arm and was pointing out the various constellations as they strolled through the rose garden .
pulling her away from the door , he led them toward the back garden .
then , leading cassie along the edge of the large lake surrounded by brick mansions set like fine jewels among the manicured lawns and formal gardens , he came to a halt behind a boathouse .
the gardens at the back of styx 's mansion were just as rigidly formal as the rest of the estate .
lovely , of course , levet acknowledged , but nothing compared to the gardens he 'd known in france .
he glanced around the shadowed garden , half expecting yannah 's mother to be hiding among the hedges .
they left the gardens through a high archway and entered a narrow foyer that was lined with panels of glossy oak carved with elaborate designs .
settling his six - foot - plus frame in a chair that had a view of the moon - drenched gardens , styx waited for his companion to finish his drink .
at the moment his hauntingly beautiful face was distracted as he stood beside the window overlooking the rose garden .
roke frowned , watching as sally joined her father to stroll across the wide gardens .
turning back toward the window , roke instinctively searched for his mate who was traveling past the garden and out the fences that protected the grounds .
he gave me a devilish smile and we began to stroll toward the gardens at the very back of the school property .
that night , we were at the gardens of his large estate , right beside the koi pond , and he was circling me like he would a vulture .
i 'd ventured past the gardens and through the woods to the boundary line where the witch 's spell of eternal night stopped , and day began .
i was often allowed to roam the castle 's gardens , well - trimmed and beautiful .
the gardens looked completely out of place in the keep .
i looked out the window overlooking the gardens .
sir eli will be waiting at the gardens for your daily walk . ''
` ` perhaps a stroll around the gardens with your friend is n't good for you .
when i saw eli waiting at the gardens , i was both relieved and mortified .
i pass my garden without so much as a glance and throw the kitchen door open .
clark sits at the bench by the tree beside my garden .
lucia had always hummed as she worked in the kitchen and the garden , and mary had found her parents waltzing together in the moonlit garden more than once as a child , but she 'd never realized that performing had been her mother 's dream .
his wife had been a master of small talk , of filling silences with chatter about weather and gossip and the garden .
what she valued were the few memories she had of her mother from christmases in the gracious library , fourth of july parties down by the pond , easter - egg hunts in the terraced gardens .
sitting there , she could look out over the magnificent sculptured gardens of the estate , four square acres of flower beds set off by blooming apple , cherry and pear trees as well as majestic maples , oaks and willows .
` ` but there are some better views across the room , overlooking the gardens ? ''
and as she looked around the kitchen , and the dining room , and out through the sliding glass doors to the porch and the garden ... everything was in order .
funny , she 'd been doing that a lot lately , stretching out on that sofa that looked out over the garden , her head buttressed on a pillow , her legs crossed at the ankles , a throw blanket pulled up to her pelvis .
the house and gardens were up ahead , and coming at them at a dead f**king run .
the seven- or eight - acre lawn gradually rose toward a fifteen- to twenty - thousand - square - foot stone house , modernist sculptures sitting like blind , shiny sentries on the approach , the gardens sprawling out in the back .
indeed , she headed directly for assail , for this juncture between the bushes that marked the front of the mansion , and the tall hedge that ran around to the rear garden .
` ` have you seen the back gardens ? ''
leaned outward to see what she could of the back gardens .
with lithe strides , sola jogged down the carpet , bouncing on the balls of her feet , heading for the master bedroom that looked out over the rear garden .
in front of her were the long windows that overlooked the gardens .
replugging into reality , he followed that double - jointed pelvis and the brotherhood into a huge dining room that had been set up to tohr 's specifications : all the drapery had been pulled across the bank of windows that overlooked the back gardens , and the flap door that he figured led into the kitchen had been barricaded by a weighty antique sideboard .
i stared at the empty flower boxes and overgrown front garden and tried to breathe .
he jumped up and ran around the garden , pumping his fist in the air , and i laughed again .
but i ' m super excited to see the gardens and the hall of mirrors . ''
and the hallway is huge and it overlooks the gardens .
i looked at her in disgust and walked to the back garden so i could check on skylar .
the sky was a light orange , and i could see the gardens through the glass .
patsy stopped by a beautiful water fountain , and i looked around the garden again .
i frowned as we walked into the gardens .
` ` to see monet 's gardens and make preparations for the class trip . ''
` ` i said , are you ready to visit monet 's gardens ? ''
` ` wait until you see the gardens , you 'll feel like you ' ve been transported back in time .
` ` i ' m excited to show you the gardens . ''
` ` but now let us go look in the gardens . ''
i looked around as we got to the gardens .
flying past calliope and ella , i barely noticed them , instead dashing through the first door i saw and bursting into the garden .
before i could protest , another voice whispered through the garden , hoarse and cracking .
chapter 7 athens i flew across the garden and into henry 's arms , kissing him like it was the last chance i 'd ever get .
the woman who had been strolling through the garden was now standing in front of the car .
chapter 10 the formal rose garden at the kensington hotel was magnificent .
the wedding party was waiting by a copse of trees at the edge of the rose garden .
pressing the button that would shut down her phone , she got up and started to walk around the gardens .
they 'd reached the vehicle sallyport , which was surrounded by carefully groomed gardens .
ancient and overwhelming , the manse resembled something out of a history book , with tall columns , expansive gardens , fountains and greek statues .
then he asked her to hold the hose so he could jerk on his clothes and went to get another ladder from the garden shed .
adjusting the scarf around her neck , eve perched on the garden bench next to chey .
he kept walking through the gardens even when she hurried after him and grabbed his hand .
he had n't talked to olivia since their encounter in the gardens during the wedding , but his desire to hear her voice had n't diminished .
madeline 's eyes moved over the sweeping lawns and immaculate gardens , which looked even more perfect beneath the glow of a full moon .
she could tell that evonne 's family did n't care as much about the garden as evonne had .
grace stared across the lawn and garden , thinking that what had happened to them could ' ve happened to almost any family .
but she gagged her , tied her up and hid her in the garden shed . ''
then he 'd launched into all the other stuff that 'd happened later , with robert crashing into the garden shed and owen coming over to check out robert 's injuries .
there were no chairs , no barbecue and no garden .
a flagstone path bisected a garden that was beautiful even in february and led to the arched wooden door of the house - tempting and yet , in its own way , daunting .
he thought of the spacious , spanish - style villa he 'd grown up in , with its expansive wings and gardens , inside swimming pool and tennis courts , and knew he 'd been banished to hell .
` ` so , '' said ingrid one day as they walked through the gardens of eden manor .
aware of everyone staring at us , i allowed benjy to lead me to the exit as the bang of fireworks echoed from the garden .
there is so much history here in these gardens .
martine sauntered out of the garden room .
i only smiled and let myself out of the garden gate .
the hostess proved me right with a broad smile , leading us to a corner table nestled in front of the windows , where we had a beautiful view of the wintry garden - very postcard picturesque with the trees iced over and snow piled up .
we marry at the frick garden in a civil ceremony .
a narrow creek ribboned through the garden , tumbling down a tower of rocks before forming a small pool at the bottom .
i 'd never noticed the gardens before .
two elaborately designed climbing trees for the cats , complete with secluded sleeping quarters and a cat gym , stood near the window that overlooked the condo gardens .
she went to stand at the window , mug in hand , and looked out at the condominium gardens .
the suite was on the fourth floor with a view of the pool , the gardens and the ocean beyond .
automatically , he started to reach for her arm , intending to steer her out of the gardens .
she was down there in the gardens calling to him .
somewhere in the very heart of the darkened gardens , he decided .
part of eubanks continued to focus on the lilting music while another part tried to concentrate on the fact that someone had lured his bodyguard into the gardens and knocked him unconscious with a seriously blunt object .
against his will , he reversed course and went deeper into the gardens .
she could see a wrought - iron gate set in the high stone wall that enclosed the pool terrace and garden behind the house .
just beyond the terrace and gardens she could see the emerald green expanse of one of the fairways of the stone canyon golf course .
she looked out the window at the gardens .
they were sitting in her living room looking out into the gardens .
amy braced one hand against the garden 's stone wall and drummed her fingers with simmering impatience .
they climbed the garden walls as though bent on escaping a prison .
owen stripped off his gloves as he strode toward her along the garden walk .
beyond the garden a boat dock jutted out into the lake .
when jack opened the slider for him he rushed outside , charged across the garden and halted on the boat dock .
chapter 6 rafe wrapped his hands around the porch railing and gazed out over his grandfather 's magnificent garden .
` ` she stuck her head over my garden fence one morning at the beginning of summer and told me that i was handling my roses all wrong . ''
they walked the length of the garden in silence .
` ` mitchell said something else while we were in the garden , '' rafe said eventually .
after only a couple of minutes he headed on down the long drive toward the trees that veiled the house and gardens from the narrow road .
when he did n't see mitchell , he took the narrow gravel path that led toward the greenhouse at the far end of the garden .
but the possibility that the fire could still be handled with the garden hose was too tempting to allow for a detour into the house to call 911 .
for years it had been generally accepted in eclipse bay that mitchell 's garden was far and away the most spectacular in town .
octavia went to stand at the window that overlooked the garden .
she could n't see the smog when she looked out across the pool and gardens toward the other apartments , but she could taste it in the back of her throat .
restless , she wandered to the window to stare into the overgrown garden .
the gilt antique desk in front of the garden window was still piled high with the books and papers she had left on it .
this morning sariana took a short cut outside through the gardens .
at least she had n't awakened with an attack of homesickness last night , sariana thought wryly as she hurried through the gardens and into a wide hall .
gryph transferred his gaze back to the gardens .
high , arched windows looked out over the gardens toward the river .
a short time later she was on the path that would bring her to the gardens directly outside the alcove .
for a moment her heart yearned for another glimpse of the delicate fountains and the formal gardens that lined the white stone paths .
thoughts of clementia 's tranquil gardens , memories of the games of free market she had played with severance , and a desperate curiosity to know what was happening between severance and racer all crowded her head .
the cabin of severance pay was a far cry from the formal gardens and glowing fountains of clementia .
perhaps the gardens of clementia will hold more appeal than you remember . ''
she sipped the wine and then turned her elegant head as her husband stepped into the garden from his study .
severance paused inside the gates of clementia and gazed at the vista of gardens and beautifully proportioned architecture .
around him people garbed in simple , elegant robes nodded politely as they passed him on the wide stone paths that wound through the gardens .
after dinner , during which severance had worried excessively about his table manners , cidra had invited him out into the gardens .
28 shortly before midnight , isabella stood with fallon in the night - darkened gardens of the vantara estate .
the little girl skipped toward the fridge , mumbling something about fairies and gardens .
we regret to inform you ... charlotte forced herself to read it , every last word , then stared past the white stone rail of the balcony at the garden below .
lady augustine indicated the garden with an elegant sweep of her hand .
flowers bloomed all around them , and rose was waving at her from across a sunlit garden .
he was midway through the gardens , and as he spun on his foot to face her , the gorgeous flowerbeds framed him .
sophie dashed through the garden to her .
` ` i had surmised as much , '' she said , looking at the gardens far below .
behind the house , formal gardens had been laid out in the same kind of mirrored symmetry .
mac said he found the entire setup stifling , but the astonishing simplicity of the house and gardens had helped keep the young ian from complete despair .
she also liked the big , formal gardens with their maze - like paths and gigantic fountains .
he gazed out of the vast , empty library to the vast , empty garden , dusted now with snow , glittering like diamonds under a brief visit from the sun .
hargate had reached his status young , but he had connections , many of whom were here at this garden party , attended by mrs . leigh - waters ' handpicked guests .
the expanse of lawn had been commandeered for the garden party , with seats and little tables scattered about , pathways lined with ribbon , a croquet set being brought out by the footmen .
he could have his pick of unmarried ladies , many of whom were at this very garden party , who would gladly marry him for his standing , wealth , and when a seat came empty , his place in the house of lords .
one was here at mrs . leigh - waters ' garden party , a very famous one called sir richard cavanaugh .
mrs . leigh - waters tapped on a door halfway along and opened it to a sitting room with back windows overlooking the garden and the view .
i would have had to bring the poison with me to the garden party , and i assure you , inspector , i have no vials of poison about my person . ''
though the event itself had taken place in richmond , every single person at that garden party had a london residence for the season , all of them in mayfair .
` ` my sergeant and i have interviewed everyone who was at the garden party , some of them twice .
louisa said , ` ` you do remember that mr . fellows asked you to converse tonight with the guests from the garden party ? ''
but the thought of approaching the garden party guests unnerved louisa a bit .
she had n't seen much of either of them since , until gil had turned up at mrs . leigh - waters ' now - infamous garden party .
he was at the notorious garden party , you know .
i was unbelievably distressed about what happened at the garden party .
before the murder at the garden party , louisa could never have moved through a ballroom without being stopped every few feet and pulled into delighted conversation .
i was the object of pity before the garden party ; now i am an object of disgust .
mrs . leigh - waters had n't asked her entire social circle to her garden party - the guest list had been fairly exclusive .
you and mac are one thing , but mr . franklin himself was at the garden party .
louisa broke in hastily , ` ` what i wondered , if you 'll forgive me asking , is how you decided who to invite to the garden party ?
my garden party is always an important season gathering .
he 'd made the last entry the morning of the garden party .
a few of his victims , besides mrs . leigh - waters , had been at the garden party .
this summerhouse was reached by a narrow path beyond a gate at the end of the garden , and up a rather steep hill .
he looked out between the trees to the windswept garden beyond .
the garden was neatly trimmed , the house painted , the roof tight .
later claire found herself back on the balcony , standing at the rail , watching the last splashes of sunset as the star rol ed behind the gardens .
she had seen him a few times at the garden parties .
and at the far wall a sliding plasti - glass door stood wide open , only a thin mesh separating the house from the garden .
he asked her later when they sat in the garden sipping pink wine he had brought .
lyndon mather was all that was handsome and charming , and heads turned when beth ackerley walked by on his arm at covent garden opera house .
he never once looked out at her , and she walked away with katie , the garden 's brilliance blurred by her tears .
at the end of the garden , ian handed an empty pistol to the gardener .
the bride and groom and family returned to the house and garden to a wedding banquet that curry had worked on for weeks .
ian pulled her out of the house and through the garden and walked swiftly with her until they reached a little summerhouse on a rise .
isabella sat near the window overlooking the garden behind the house .
she gazed out at the rainy garden , the scarlet glory of her hair bright against her gray and blue frock .
chapter 8 the lady of mount street has retreated to her cottage in buckinghamshire , where her garden parties have become legendary .
isabella paced the upstairs hall of the long house , barely seeing the grand view the gallery gave to the extensive gardens .
beth and isabella walked together in the large garden most days , two lovely ladies in colorful dresses , heads bent together .
aimee fell asleep in the sunshine , while mac perched himself on the low stone balustrade and looked across the gardens to the mountains beyond , their knifelike wall bounding the highlands .
she knew full well that mr . chase was still in the gardens , following the house party on a ramble , the paths lit by paper lanterns under the midnight sky .
ainsley knew this because she 'd slipped away from the party as they moved from ballroom to gardens , so that she could search lord cameron 's chamber .
in the light of that firework , cameron saw ainsley douglas slip away from mrs . yardley and walk steadily down a path toward the main garden , into darkness .
across the garden , under the light of the chinese lanterns , phyllida stepped next to her husband and tucked her hand under his arm .
` ` but i do n't want him leading you down the garden path , so to speak . ''
ainsley would have her own bedroom here as well , with windows that overlooked the garden behind the house .
the duke is pleased to accept the ambassador 's invitation to the garden party on tuesday next .
hart tugged eleanor against him , gave her one swift , fierce kiss , and then pulled her rapidly down the terrace steps , out of the garden , around the side of the house , and through a gate that led to a stairway .
he found the letter he 'd written her telling her with eagerness that he 'd come to glenarden when he was finished with business in edinburgh , the fateful visit when eleanor had waited for him in the garden and given him back the ring .
the ramsay gardens had long become overgrown and wild , despite the valiant efforts of their one gardener and his pruning shears .
she 'd be hosting balls , soirees , and garden parties of her own there , and she 'd need to make a hurried start .
she stood up , brushed off her skirt , and started asking those in and around the gardens - discreetly - whether they 'd seen anyone odd coming into or out of the gardens in the middle of grosvenor square .
today , the children , released from the restriction of having to stand still , now ran about the garden , screaming and shouting , in a game of tag that seemed to have no rules .
the clearing that had looked immense during the drive down the hill now revealed that it once had been twice that size , with new - growth woods invading the previously extensive park and gardens .
a small , muddy figure darted at him as he passed the garden gate .
its garden was formal , with shrubberies , fountains , and summer flower beds in full bloom .
at the end of the garden , just outside the gate , elliot stopped and loaded the gun , tucking spare shells into his sporran , along with the tin of biscuits he 'd found in the cupboard next to the shells .
now she was sandy - eyed and a bit annoyed that elliot should stroll casually through the garden gate as though nothing was wrong .
juliana nodded and rushed out to the gardens and down the path .
the red setter , rosie , loped out of the garden and went after him , but elliot did n't turn to acknowledge the dog .
the brown brick building , its white corner trim and windows soot - stained , stood like a cathedral on the green of the gardens , an imposing edifice of the law .
richards took them down park lane , past its ponderous mansions with lavish gardens , to hyde park corner and on into the park itself .
the windows on the far end of the room , overlooking the garden , were closed , whole , and unbroken .
she saw jeffrey 's form vaulting to the top of the high garden wall and over , but he was too far away to stop .
i 'd dreamt of putting my feet up somewhere warm for the rest of the morning , not rushing around the freezing garden . ''
cat watched the children running through the garden , arms outstretched for the balloons , which were drifting down again .
the formal garden behind the manor house flowed out in a pattern of curlicues , like a large flower itself .
it hovered above jim , circled above him once , twice , fluttered through the garden , and flew away , far into the trees .
in a moment , the garden and the house were deserted .
i watched her come toward me , a dark monster in the glowing garden .
when she lowers her eyes again , he 's there across the garden , almost as if she 's dreamed him into being .
something about the girl 's arrival has broken the spell of the garden , and now she 's keenly aware of the voices beyond the hedge , of the car doors slamming , of a dog barking in the distance .
as he turns to cross the garden , hadley 's stomach churns .
` ` it looks out over the garden . ''
it also had an obvious feminine theme with the lilac and cream decor , lace draperies , dainty crystal fixtures , and a balcony that overlooked the exterior garden .
vlad strode by the garden and i followed , catching glimpses of more magnificent rooms as we continued down the main hall .
instead , he led me down a staircase located behind the winter garden that ended in an enclosed stone hallway .
mencheres glanced at the house , and kira turned around without a word , leaving the garden .
she had retreated to this corner of the ballroom with a view of the garden early in the evening , and had glanced casually through the archway in search of him after every dance for four quadrilles , three reels , and a round dance .
six other houses had similar porches and gardens sloping to a common courtyard paved with local stone .
vast gardens , well tended .
in the center of the rose garden , she discovered a pool , and in the center of the pool , a statue of a great hawk , namesake of hawksbridge castle , carved of black and white stone .
after a time , she returned to the rose garden and sat down on the grass , her skirts spread around her .
tucking her hand into his , he led her out into the vast gardens that surrounded the estate .
some of his guests sat at the dining table , others wandered into the parlor or the library , or found seating in the gardens .
laughter and music drifted on the breeze as he wandered through the gardens .
he kissed me in the gardens , and then we went to the little cottage i found the other day .
she went outside and wandered through the gardens , and then she ran to the stables , wondering why she had n't thought of it sooner .
she found him standing near the pool in the center of the rose garden .
she took a leisurely stroll through the gardens , then went back into the book room .
she was not walking in the gardens , or sitting on the stone bench .
` ` none , '' she whispered just as we entered the garden .
i just walked out on the balcony that overlooks the garden , and i swear it is like i have seen the view . ''
i was drawn to charlotte 's cello , and i remembered your back garden somehow .
two months later i stood in the garden , holding hands with the boy i 'd loved my entire life .
` ` duke gardens . ''
i looked out the window and took in the view of the garden , the manicured rows of bushes , the brick paths , and my favorite spot , the fountain at the rear of the yard .
i saw my mother walking up the garden path wearing a long blue dress .
i was sure it was the garden descriptions that caught my attention at first , but it was the stanza about the garden gate that struck me the most .
i was sure it was the garden descriptions that caught my attention at first , but it was the stanza about the garden gate that struck me the most .
after clasping the necklace around my neck and throwing on a jacket , i ran downstairs and jogged down the garden path .
i was trying to figure out some math problems when i saw a faint light out in the garden .
the venue was beautiful , and though the gardens would have been even prettier in the spring , there was something simple and romantic about the carefully manicured grounds .
after a few minutes of checking out the gardens , i gratefully found a stone bench to sit on .
maybe there really were fairies at the bottom of the garden , a phrase i remembered from a song my grandmother had sung when she hung out the clothes on the line .
alcide ushered me down a hall , which was nicely carpeted and hung with neutral pictures - insipid landscapes and garden scenes - which i figured some decorator ( or maybe ms . crispy ) had chosen .
portia 's golden bridesmaids stepped out onto the patio , and one by one they began their march down the aisle through the manicured garden .
the lights that had been set up to illuminate the garden glinted off father littrell 's glasses and bleached some of the color out of his face .
the e ( e ) e staff had been vigilant about clearing up empty cups and the little plates that had held cake and finger food , so the garden looked relatively neat .
in the illumination that had been strung up all around the garden , he looked both brightly lit and darkly shadowed .
outside the window , the garden drowsed under gentle silver heartlight .
yeah , she moved right across the garden to mr .
family ten years later ... one pulling the collar up around her ears , sylvia added more power to the warming spell in her coat as she followed another path through her hosts ' gardens .
she 'd been careful not to wander beyond the formal gardens , but she was still alone in the dark .
she 'd died in those moments when her attacker flung her far into the garden .
dim balls of witchlight hung over a spot in the garden , so it was n't hard to find the dog .
for now , she would go outside and take a look at the boardinghouse 's gardens and see what she could do .
` ` gray , i 'd like a word with you , '' cassidy said , heading away from the rest of the men who were hovering in the garden , standing guard over her .
she walked out of the room , heading for the back door that would take her to the gardens .
for a few minutes , the men looked at the gardens and spoke little .
the butler worked in the garden as a way to relax and was doing what he could to keep things tidy .
besides ... '' he looked around the garden .
was the honey pear tree still in the back gardens somewhere ?
her presence tingled under the land , even here at the edge of what had been the formal gardens .
the gardens had been as close to a safe place as there had been when he 'd been a prisoner here .
` ` did you come out to look at the gardens ? ''
` ` i ' m the queen who lives in this house now , so these are my gardens , right ? ''
since early this morning , the first circle had been gathering on the terrace to watch their queen tear into the gardens .
` ` the furniture is for gray , so somewhere near the back of the gardens would probably be more convenient . ''
stunned , he watched as gray clasped her hand and tugged her to the surprise in the garden .
when she obeyed , he put an arm around her shoulders and guided her around the garden .
removing the cape , he dropped it over a chair , then walked to the windows that overlooked one of the many gardens .
he heard a servant enter and set the blood wine and a glass on a table , but he kept his eyes focused on the garden ... and the night sky .
then she caught a glimpse of tassle at the far end of her garden and breathed a sigh of relief .
after putting the dish in the oven to heat , he started to look around for something to go with it , but the garden caught his attention , drawing him to the kitchen window .
2 hekatah stood at the window of her mother 's private receiving room , rubbing her belly to soothe the whelp inside her while she stared at the back garden .
* * * andulvar yaslana prowled the sitting room in saetan 's suite , too edgy and angry to remain still ... and a little uneasy about the way saetandid remain quietly at the window , watching mephis and peyton play in the enclosed garden bounded by the walls of the family wing .
it was too dark to see the garden , so he wondered what held her attention .
5 / terreille dorothea pulled aside the dark , heavy curtains and stared out at the night - shrouded garden .
` ` i never forget that , '' dorothea replied softly , keeping her eyes focused on the garden .
there were only a couple of rooms surrounding the garden that showed a soft glow of light .
tersa tried to make mundane comments about the cottage and garden , but each time the remarks became more disjointed .
he had stood in one of the small formal gardens and had actually felt the sun 's warmth on his face .
` ` it was a lovely party , '' jaenelle said as they strolled through the garden .
it has some of the finest gardens in dhemlan . ''
holding his breath , saetan looked toward the north woods that bordered the hall 's lawns and formal gardens .
she pounced on tarl as soon as the carriage stopped to consult him on the state of her garden . ''
beyond the wild gardens was the north woods .
to his left , just past the stone wall that surrounded luthvian 's lawn and gardens , was meadowland dotted with wildflowers .
while andulvar studied the rest of the walled gardens in the waning daylight , saetan studied the print .
on the far side of the garden , something snarled viciously .
saetan slowly crossed the garden and climbed the stairs , frustrated that the lingering effects of the witch storm made it impossible for him to use craft to keep anyone else from reaching her rooms .
had been home since just before dawn andstill remained in the gardens bordering the north woods , still had n't come up to the hall to let him know she was all right .
the gardens here could be so lovely . ''
5 / kaeleer ` ` i never wanted to rule , '' jaenelle said as she and saetan strolled through the keep 's moonlit gardens .
a light breeze ruffled daemon 's hair as he followed a gravel path through the back gardens .
he had just reached the terrace when maris 's daughter , marissa , flounced out of the garden room and planted herself in front of him , hands on her hips , her expression a mixture of irritation and hunger .
one of the garden rooms ? ''
it was late in the evening before lucivar got the chance to slip out to the back garden .
` ` a garden room , i think .
trying not to act too eager , daemon stepped into the sunny room that overlooked an expanse of green lawn and formal gardens , certain that he would know her the moment he saw her .
and the corner room that overlooked the back gardens .
after that was a half hour walk through the gardens with wilhelmina .
they strolled up the garden paths toward the house .
he had prowled the gardens , prowled the house , slipped in and out of the stable yard , checked the craft library , and finally stood in the nursery wing feeling frustrated and concerned .
the gardens were one of the few places left in beldon mor where people could walk on grass or sit under a tree , and it seemed like all of the blood aristos were there , enjoying one of the last warm days of autumn .
` ` we should be getting back , '' daemon said , moving to the girl 's side and trying to turn her toward the private gardens .
finally he shook himself , slipped an arm around jaenelle 's shoulders , and led her toward the private gardens .
as he glided along the garden paths , his face settled into its familiar cold mask , the happiness he 'd felt a few minutes before honing the blade of his temper so sharp he could have made the air bleed .
when she turned around , the garden was empty .
when it was done , there was only the building , the empty lawn , and the garden with its secrets .
he had timed dinner just right so that when we were pulling into the lot , the sun was finally setting in the west , leaving behind a lovely glow around the gardens .
we walked across the gardens , the night perfumed thickly with jasmine and rose .
we walked back through the gardens , through the night , back to our cottage .
we walked through the gardens toward our cottage , tiki torches lighting our way , and at some point i decided it would be a good idea to jump on his back and make him carry me , piggyback style .
hidden pathways , rounded garden doors , high hedges and last summer 's hollyhocks ...
i got there just in time to see his tail disappearing through the garden wall , into the twilight .
orange trees lined the walkway from the drive , and bougainvillea climbed the garden walls .
but then he looked up and across the garden ... and caught my eye .
` ` formal garden , '' luc said , ` ` in the french style . ''
in the middle of the garden was a fountain illuminated by a dozen in - ground lights , and the light was just strong enough to read by .
a figure stood at a window on the third floor , hands in pockets , facing the garden .
she was gone , and so was the furniture ; i could n't imagine that anyone but him would be in the room , much less staring into the garden .
the entire back wall was a sheet of glass , the garden below well lit to provide the master a view of the space - and to provide any navarre vampires in the space a view of their master .
morgan 's office was there , a modern suite with a garden view .
the cadogan house gardens were spectacular , from the running trail to the brick barbecue pit to the formal french garden behind the house .
the gardens are spectacular in late summer . ''
he wanted to tell her more , but several people had entered the garden and he risked his cover by appearing to hesitate .
at last , he drew her out onto one of the balconies that proved empty of guests but had a lush garden .
she turned and moved as if in a terrible dream back across the gardens that separated the pools from beatrice 's home .
his blue eyes glittered in the garden shadows .
gideon called his men in close , and as one powerful unit they marched into the garden calling grace 's name .
the garden lights flickered over his face .
she had of course many times seen the front room or lounge from the gardens , where she took an hour of exercise each day .
she moved into the living space and sat down in a chair overlooking the garden .
a few minutes later , with her coiffure restored by two trembling burmese servants , parisa returned to the garden as ordered .
having seen her , having been with her in the garden , there was a good possibility she 'd be able to find fiona through the special window .
the moment he recognized the blood donor walking in the garden , he had breathed a sigh of pure exhilaration .
greaves recalled the garden from parisa 's voyeur perspective .
with a mug of coffee in hand , havily suggested a walk through the formal garden .
on either side of the lake , over a hundred hotels and gardens served the globe as one of the finest collection of resorts in the world .
he was stunned at how closely connected to her he was , that he could feel her external sensations , the warmth of the wrought - iron railing beneath her hands as she gazed down into the replica of the vancouver island butchart gardens , the way the breeze tickled the backs of her arms , and that as she shifted to look at him , a shiver passed over her shoulders and down her back .
she shifted against him so that she could see down into the garden .
hundreds of italian cypresses created various boundaries throughout the grounds , delineating vineyard and winery , from an olive grove and press as well as from the main house and gardens .
his gardens were open to the public , and it was said the combined annual receipts could have funded a small nation for , oh , about a hundred years .
she hooked parisa 's arm and guided her in a northerly direction toward the pool and the formal gardens .
she stared at the lace curtains of the window , the outdoor lights of the garden .
a garden gate with a climbing rose over a trellis heralded the vegetable garden at the side of the house .
several lanterns , placed around the lush , crystal enclosed gardens , kept the space in a soft glow , although samantha 's fae vision could have managed the dark easily .
he shoved open a door that led to the back garden and sucked in some fresh air .
damien was in the garden , taking a cigar alone , so gigi hurriedly pinched my cheeks , fussed with the bustle on my gown , and sent me on my way with an excited little wave of her hand .
if it had taken all my courage to come out into the garden dressed as if for dinner , how could i ever presume to go to his chamber ?
` ` and it 's out the back door and across the garden , so you wo n't be able to dash to the bathroom naked .
when i turned the corner and came into the back garden , my contentment fled .
he gave her a brief , distracted smile , then left her at the edge of the garden .
he leaned back in his chair , stared out at the garden , back to the sugar cane marley could see way off in the distance .
despite how old the cottage is , grammy has sliding french doors installed in the dining room that lead straight into the back garden .
` ` you can see the garden from here , right ? ''
i ' m almost done when vi strolls into the garden with a cold glass of lemonade .
she goes into the back garden and i follow her out .
i look down at the garden and shriek out a laugh .
i pull the chocolate milk from the fridge and stand by the sliding glass doors , looking out at the garden and drinking from the carton .
'' good , '' i say , looking out at the back garden .
~ lexy sighs , climbing onto the garden chair next to jen and tucking her legs beneath her .
jen comes flying through the door , runs across the garden , and launches herself at me .
` ` fuck shit ass**le is more like it , '' i respond , jogging across the garden and into the house .
her office overlooks st . morris 's gardens , and i look towards the apple trees filling with tiny apples .
we all walk into the house , abbi and maddie heading towards the stairs and us to the garden .
the girls stand , moving to cross the garden to us as abbi 's dad comes out of the house , fireworks in his arms .
i storm across the garden and hit him with a glare made from stone .
i glance at the back garden and the plants growing upward , obscuring my view .
seated on the garden bench , she smiled , ambushing him far faster than any enemy missile .
not just sharing a garden bench during lunch , the birds capturing as much of his attention as she did .
birds chirped in the magnolias and dogwoods shrouding the garden in privacy .
the silence between them stretched , broken only by an occasional passing car , the trickle of water from the garden fountain , the call of mockingbirds .
just clasped her elbow and guided her back out of the gardens .
she held on to the slider door with one hand and swung around until she 'd joined him on the courtyard overlooking the gardens .
he walked her toward a yellow house with lush tropical gardens he 'd seen in the pictures this afternoon .
finally they arrived in what lila supposed was a garden room or something , because one entire wall was glass and looked out onto the lush and inescapably elegant nesbitt gardens - all eight billion acres of them - behind the house .
the gardens , clearly , would be where the dual nuptials took place , since a sea of folding white chairs had been set up for as far as the eye could see .
and if she ended up moving a little - okay , a lot - closer than she 'd originally intended , it was only because the eight billion acres of elegant nesbitt gardens were so crowded with all those chairs and pavilions and apricot roses .
so truly it was n't lily 's fault that she did not pay heed to her son 's announcement at luncheon that there was a monster in the garden .
there 's a monster in the garden . ''
i have n't seen a monster in the garden and neither has maude . ''
somewhere not so ... '' she hesitated , loath to give the ruined pleasure garden 's atmosphere a name .
here and there green poked out among the gray and black , but she had to admit that , especially on an overcast day like this one , with wisps of fog slinking along the ground , the garden was ominous and rather frightening .
as far as he knew , the only other people in the ruined pleasure garden were the brace of so - called gardeners presently working on the hedges behind the pond .
he could n't put his finger on why it bothered him , but he did n't like the idea of the duke sniffing about his garden .
she was going to have to speak to indio again about his ` ` monster '' -always assuming her son emerged from the garden .
lily pulled open the door to find a man dressed in a violet suit standing without , his back to her as he surveyed the garden .
he glanced around at the devastated garden .
` ` la , i ' m not apprised of every little business dealing with the garden , your grace . ''
the garden held all manner of dangers for a little boy - and that was without the interest the duke had shown her son yesterday afternoon .
the garden was all of a sudden eerily still as the day made its last farewell .
he could see several gardeners laboring over a crate in the back garden .
and within minutes lady phoebe had somehow become fast friends with miss goodfellow and was taking tea with her at a table brought out to the garden .
the last thing she heard before he disappeared into the garden was the sound of his laughter .
` ` thank you for your time , miss goodfellow , '' he replied , ` ` and if you should see a big fellow sneaking about the garden , you must notify the authorities at once . ''
` ` but the garden . ''
indio had spent the week she 'd been frantically writing moping about the garden , bemoaning his loss and driving her half mad .
` ` they were watching the garden , '' he replied , his voice steady .
by that time she had caught a glimpse of richard , glowering by the ballroom doors , and decided to head in the opposite direction - toward the wall of french doors that led out to the garden .
she was hauled rather unceremoniously onto the slate steps that ran along the back of the house and led into the darkened garden itself .
although the french doors had been open , the party was n't meant to spill into the garden , so there were no lanterns .
there was a moment beyond the light coming from the windows of the house , in the dark of the garden itself , when she felt quite blind .
` ` in between escorting miss royle about the garden ? ''
around them the garden was lovely , but terribly silent .
she nodded , and he took her hand , leading her from his garden .
which was why , instead of approaching the house directly , maximus slid into the gardens in back .
` ` had all those windows put in to overlook the garden for your mother , did n't he ?
most of the guests had decided to stroll the garden after luncheon .
unlike the rest of the primly pristine garden , the rose was rather wild and weedy looking , more suited to a cottage garden than a formal one .
she 'd bypassed the garden in favor of the woods this morning .
my mr . jellett left me only a small garden at our country house .
the duke was escorting penelope on the far side of the garden .
` ` are you enjoying the gardens , miss royale ? ''
maximus did n't mind the intrusion of politics into his house party , but he did n't like the other man 's insistence on bringing up the matter when maximus had been in the garden with lady penelope .
` ` the entire gardens are alight , '' artemis whispered , awed .
then , suddenly , a letter out of the blue , from lady margaret herself , asking if he would mind if she cut down the overgrown grapevine in the garden .
long , chatty letters about the garden ; the eldest of his half sisters , sarah , who had come to live with margaret ; the travails of repairing and redecorating the rather decrepit house ; and the petty arguments and gossip from the nearby village .
tonight he paused for a moment as he always did in the shadows of the garden , waiting , watching to make sure the way was clear .
godric inhaled and crept up the garden path to his house .
i love the gardens , upper hornsfield , the people , and your family . ''
she pointed and soon higgins was scratching his head and giving his blunt opinion of the rather scraggly looking boxwoods lining the garden .
godric stood on the garden path , clad in his habitual somber suit - gray this morning .
his voice was low but carried easily through the garden , steady and commanding .
she turned and saw godric , standing in the open doorway to saint house , the light behind him casting a long , black shadow into the garden .
godric doused the candles in the study and crossed to the long doors that led out into saint house 's garden .
megs was interested , and it seemed her enjoyment of the gardens made it enjoyable for him as well .
he made a mental note : he 'd have to bring megs to the gardens at least once a week while she was in london , for she was truly in her element here and he found it rather a wonderful place himself .
but that plan had changed perforce with the scene in the garden .
he smiled wryly because she pointed out the old apple tree every time they walked in the garden - at least once a day and more often twice - as an example of her gardening acumen .
he was over the back garden , the moonlight casting shadows on geometrically trimmed hedges , and he was still three stories up .
the letter was long and chatty , telling of a new wing on griffin 's country home , a difficulty with the cook , and the planting of apple trees in the garden .
` ` mary wants to see the garden . ''
` ` shall we stroll the gardens ? ''
the pleasure gardens were cunningly laid out .
they 'd almost made a complete circumference of the gardens when the first pop !
he stared at her hard and then drew her down the steps and into the shadows of the garden .
` ` and this , '' continued lord vale , ` ` is hope 's cousin , miss corning , whom we met last spring at mother 's garden party . ''
in fact , the more time longsword spent riding with the princess , dining with her , and strolling the castle gardens , the sweeter his pleasure became , until he longed to spend all his days and nights with her forever .
the ruined terrace gardens were silvered in the moonlight , but she could see that it was terribly overgrown .
below the gardens was a bit of a grassy meadow .
but below the garden , the water had calmed , pooling in the shade of some trees .
he came back into her sight , wandering to the tall windows overlooking the garden in back .
his still face stared , unblinking , at the garden , and what he thought about i do not know .
lady vale had ordered a tray of tea and cakes brought into her garden .
he led the way through an elegant sitting room to a room that overlooked the town - house gardens .
she 'd conferred with both the housekeeper and cook , had partaken of a light luncheon and done a little bit of shopping , and then she 'd arrived at her mother - in - law 's garden party .
her mind was still assimilating the fact that her husband had come to a sedate and boring garden party .
she and her mother - in - law sat in the dowager 's large town garden , which was in its full midsummer glory .
` ` your garden is lovely , my lady . ''
` ` might i steal my wife for a stroll about your lovely gardens ?
` ` i have always found it instructive to walk my mother 's gardens .
she had n't see csheinon him since the garden party that afternoon .
but if vale could brave a crowd of elderly ladies to stalk her at a garden party in the afternoon , then by god she could brave the terrors of a ballroom to hunt him by night .
fellow from my mother 's garden party ? ''
his view was nearly the same as hers : the back of the garden .
there was a long , sloping lawn here , uncut and wild , and farther on , terraced gardens that must once have been magnificent .
melisande chose a small room at the back of the house that had french doors leading into the garden .
he faced the back garden .
instead , he led her farther down the garden path .
she looked at him suspiciously a moment , then whirled to march back up the garden path , which left him to follow .
there was a wall here with a gate , separating the mews from the back garden of the house , that was his target .
on the thought of that lady , sam withdrew , making his way back through the dark garden .
a walk about the garden , perhaps ?
the little sitting room was at the back of emeline 's town house and overlooked the garden .
emeline looked and felt an odd little nervous jolt when she saw mr . hartley 's form just over the wall that divided the gardens .
at that moment , a small form catapulted down her own garden path , followed more slowly by a thin little man .
the brick wall between the gardens was six feet tall , but the sounds of a boy could easily be heard - a skipping run in dry leaves , a panting cry to ` ` come see ! ''
he followed her as she paced the royal gardens .
perhaps because the true owners rented the town house out , its garden had a dismal air of neglect .
they 'd come to the far end of the garden by the back gate that led into the mews .
emeline paused just inside samuel 's town house garden .
the garden path was narrow , and the man was forced to trail behind the ladies .
mr . thornton came close to calling you a coward to your face when we were in the garden last week , and you never said a word to him .
ran up the garden path and away from samuel as if she were fleeing from demons .
so he glanced again at that window and then turned and left the garden .
the property behind the tall , wrought - iron gate was unbelievable , set on acres of open land with endless gardens that looked impressive even when covered in snow .
i have several acres , and the gardens are beautiful .
he led her to a great room with massive windows allowing a view of a garden courtyard .
he captured kate 's hand , wove his fingers with hers , and walked behind the pool to the manicured gardens beyond .
attempting to shake her abruptly shifting mood , jessie took in the breathtaking view of the gardens and the lit pond with koi swimming around in circles .
she left the hall and made her way to the gardens outside .
i can see a sparkling blue pool to my right and pristine gardens to my left .
my bare br**sts press against the cold railing as i peer down at both the gardens and what i can see of the pristine sand beyond that .
i make my way out the back of the house , through the gardens , through the english maze that is perfectly manicured and challenging to maneuver .
from the balcony , i have a beautiful view of the gardens , as well .
i look , only to find melina running through the gardens .
it takes me several minutes to burst out from the back of the house and to spill out into the gardens .
it does n't take me long to weave through the gardens and to emerge on the rocky hillscape .
i take a seat in the gardens while luca brings the wine .
the gardens are lit with the silvery light of the moon .
strong hands lifting me onto my horse , strong arms carrying me through the gardens , sharing his lunch , twinkling blue eyes that greeted me every day ... and always the warmth .
i was on the ground floor within a minute and out the back terrace doors that led to the gardens within a few seconds more .
i cried and rushed through the gardens to meet her .
the garden lay before them and the sounds of the party loud at their backs .
and she could hear the laughter of people below , in the gardens , muted by the rushing fountain .
no one asked what she 'd been doing in the gardens alone- the anonymity of the masks was still at work - and angelica thanked the characters for their assistance before pivoting toward the ball .
even now , as he strode through the busy arched galleries of paris 's palais - royal and its sprawling gardens , voss could n't banish the dark images that had swept into his dreams two days ago .
` ` my greatest fear , '' he said , clasping angelica 's hand as they strolled through the gardens - in the daylight , when all the flowers were actually open ! -at dewhurst , ` ` was that moldavi would have made you dracule .
that was the benefit to dancing a country dance instead of walking through the garden or park with an uninteresting gentleman .
a walk in the garden would be most lovely , do n't you agree , my lord ? ''
but dimitri had n't thought any further than the benefit of getting them out of the parlor , which was too near his study for vampiric ears , and had n't considered the fact that the garden was , in fact , just outside the windows of his study .
she had her fingers curled lightly around his arm and they were , as planned , strolling through the gardens at blackmont hall .
lovely gardens .
the scent of spring roses and lilies caught in the breeze as he walked past neatly trimmed gardens around to the next block .
the view overlooked the pool and gardens of antonio 's mansion , the arena where the tryout had taken place , the small forest that i had not long ago been chased through , and also a beach .
without a word to anyone i moved with vampire speed as i darted out of the court , past the training arena , across the gardens and into the mansion , almost colliding into sebastian in the hallway .
it overlooked the pool and gardens on the spacious grounds below .
smirking , he follows me to the center of the room where i stand and gawk at the view - the spectacular gardens reflected in the looking glass and the spectacular christian grey , my husband , reflected back at me , his gaze bright and bold .
i followed him out the back door as we walked toward my parents ' huge garden .
the gardens were breathtaking , even during the middle of winter .
i smiled and shook my head as i looked out over the breathtaking garden .
classical musicians were seated way , way down at the other end of the room where four sets of french doors led out into the garden .
he jerked his head toward the large and palatial villa visible via the floodlights that illuminated the garden and driveway .
william stood at the far end of the room , in front of a massive window that ran from the floor almost to the domed ceiling , facing the gardens .
he pointed to the gardens that lay beyond the library windows .
she picked up her cane and walked through the garden to the door .
william turned away to look out over the gardens .
when they entered the kitchen , trey was already there with his easel in the corner , looking out into the gardens .
jai 's gaze drifted from his best friend who was staring into his coffee mug , jaw clenched tight , to ari who gazed out into the gardens with worry crinkling the corner of her eyes .
my voice sounded loud in the darkening gardens .
as we were walking through the gardens , the light fading , the christmas lights twinkling all around , i smiled down at the ice rink in the distance .
` ` i used to ice - skate in the gardens every christmas when i was younger .
he would have had to hide the toy box in the corner of the room , and the action figures set up by the french window that overlooked the gardens .
justin followed , finding a table already set with candles and wine on a garden terrace .
the gardens spread out before them , so beautifully designed that they did n't seem real .
er , the gardens . ''
it was only his second day in the city when he was invited to a garden party at the agent 's residence .
while the notes of a chopin sonata drifted through the garden , he waited and imagined , and behind him , the gossip ensued .
they were craning their necks to see across the garden , and there was a leer in the man 's eyes as he darted out his pink tongue to wet his lips .
she was playing piano for her sisters one afternoon a few days after the garden party when a parcel was delivered for her .
she scraped back the piano bench and took the twine - tied parcel out into the garden where she opened it and slid her diary out .
ten a masterpiece anamique 's powerful voice filled the house and even reached across the garden to the servants ' quarters .
they all stood with the minister in the garden , and anamique mouthed the words of her vows in silence while james spoke softly , his voice husky and tremulous with emotion .
the room shimmers and then disappears , replaced instead with the sun - drenched gardens of our old family home .
green domed roofs and golden spires took up the forefront of my view while the gardens stretched out behind it .
the smell of the gardens was unlike anything i 'd ever experienced , light and sweet and seductive all at the same time .
she took a few steps back and gestured toward the garden .
the weather was chill but clear , and only a faint hint of smoke lingered in the rectory garden as a reminder of the fire .
he stood up and craned his neck , trying to see over the wall into the rectory garden .
` ` there 's a dead pig , just beyond auntie 's garden , '' the lad said , low - voiced .
at the top of my lungs from the head of the garden path .
however , we discovered ourselves unexpectedly alone in the garden at lady belvedere 's ball , the week before i left , and the beauty of the setting , the romantic sense of the evening , and the intoxicating nearness of the lady overpowered my judgment .
the last time this had happened , two days before , she 'd discovered her alarm clock in the bottom of the bathtub , neatly disassembled into its component parts , and both children at the far end of the garden , glowing with unnatural innocence .
it was a formal english garden , with rosebushes and lavender and stone - flagged paths .
the gate was round the back , out of view , and we slipped hastily down the alley that led past the garden wall , while the guard outside st . clair 's house was talking to a passerby .
she regarded him for a moment or two , then nodded and turned toward the garden path , leaving him to follow if he would .
he snatched the purse out of his pocket and flung it at the door of the garden shed , where it struck with a boom and bounced off .
i took it , not wanting him to fall on his face in the front garden .
no trace of fire save the cool green sparks of fireflies , drifting among the shadowed leaves in the front garden .
welcome coolness in the heat , comfort in the midst of woe there was plenty of cool greenery available ; the gardens covered the best part of a hundred acres , with trees , bushes , shrubs , vines , and flowers of all descriptions - and the odd exotic fungus thrown in here and there for variety .
i regretted not having met the old gentleman ; he had died a year before , leaving his famous garden in the capable hands of his children .
old mr . bartram had been planning and planting and extending them for fifty years , and his children had evidently inherited the family mania , as well as the gardens .
we had been , since that conversation in the gardens at kingsessing .
he 'd had the first of his father 's restoratives when he was fourteen and had mistaken the punch being prepared for lord john 's dinner party as the same sort that ladies had at garden parties .
outside , we found a place to wait on an ornamental bench set in the formal front garden .
i walked through the garden door , meeting him before he 'd even stepped off her back porch .
brady walked farther down the west colonnade , pointing out the famous rose garden that the oval office opened out to .
i ' m really excited to visit and see the gardens . ''
the bathroom window faced his small back garden , a narrow one that elongated back in perfect mirror of the two on either side , and the sound had clearly come from there , somewhere beyond the marbled glass .
it ducked its head once more , unfurled its wings , and swooped down over the back garden , its thin black legs trailing behind it , then up and up and up and up and up , until it was nothing more than one star among many in the night sky and soon not even that .
the party spread quickly , moving into the kitchen and even the garden , despite the coldness of the night .
there was only the one attempt , but when rachel stepped away , he could see kumiko over her shoulder , leaning out the back door , looking for him in the dim back garden .
a voice boomed across the garden .
there was a crash and a sudden whooshing sound as the fire brigade finally , finally started to aim hoses at the fire from the street side , a fine mist of steam drifting into the back garden .
he 'd been unable to return the confession to amanda and tell her what had happened - or what he thought had happened - in the back garden .
she stepped out into the garden with the phone and took a deep breath , her stomach a knot of anxiety .
tanzie was downstairs in the garden throwing a ball for norman .
nicky 's window was open and their voices floated out into the garden .
he slouched against the kitchen units , peering out into the front garden .
but the real giveaway was lumbering slowly around the front garden , pausing only to lift its leg against a child 's bicycle .
as he approached the house , he could just hear them talking behind the half - closed door , their voices carrying across the little garden .
ed watched her running around the back garden , her hair flying out behind her .
everything was made of the same grey stone and really old , and everyone 's gardens were perfect , with tiny blue flowers creeping over the tops of walls , and immaculate little baskets of trailing leaves , like something out of a book or maybe midsomer murders .
mr nicholls was in the garden .
she stumbled backwards , now taking in the immaculate front garden , the new three - piece suite , just visible through the window .
he stood back on the garden path , gazing up at the front of the house .
norman was in the garden , barking hysterically , his head thrust through the gap in the fence where the wood was rotten and two of the panels had half broken away .
i just could n't open it and i was shouting and he just went through the garden fence .
jess watched the officer coming up the garden path through the living - room window and for one stupid minute she thought she had come to tell her norman had died .
then , when she registered who was in the garden , she ducked her head and walked swiftly the other way .
anthony turned away and headed for the garden gate .
it had housed a vast four - poster bed , draped in blood - red tapestries , and its generous window overlooked our formal gardens .
it is surrounded by neatly tended gardens , with a pair of tall wrought - iron gates and paved paths that lead into separate closeted areas .
when i did , he would be sitting in his chair looking out into the bleak garden .
when mrs traynor came out to tell us that the cleaners would be another twenty minutes , i made us both another drink and we took a slow stroll around the garden , will sticking to the path and me watching my satin pumps darken in the damp grass .
i paid a gardener to come and keep the garden tidy , and i do n't think i gave it anything but the most cursory of looks for the best part of a year .
but judging by the scene in his front garden , it might have been to his wife .
my mother was out of the door and up the garden path before they had made it halfway down the street .
i asked , while mum walked thomas around the garden , showing him the frogs in the tiny pond .
we were sitting in the shelter , waiting for a sudden squall to stop so that we could walk around the rear gardens of the castle .
alicia , floating around the garden - an ethereal vision , air - kissing and exclaiming - did n't approach us .
outside we could hear next door 's dog running up and down alongside the garden fence , chasing the neighbourhood cats .
mum wrung her hands and shouted through the letter box for them to get the hell out of our front garden , whenever one of them ventured past the gate .
as i got outside , i saw him stalking across the garden area .
below her the gardens are filled with light and festivity .
they remain aloof from those around them , heads moving to follow desdemona as she crosses the garden .
they provide aphrodites guests with every sexual service , either in open view of the garden party or in shadowy alcoves , behind the modesty of screening bushes .
the mirror seemed to open out into the garden as though it had suddenly been transformed into a doorway .
everywhere one looks luscious gardens spill over ornate balconies fat as the bosoms of colonial madams .
she was led to an ornate room that overlooked the tree in the garden below , windows on one wall , deep brown wood facing the hall , glass under foot .
for the next two or three hours we idled our time way just generally chatting about this and that , as together we both pottered around the house and garden .
it was my nosy neighbour , mr winterbourne leaning over his garden wall .
rosie 's keen eyes spotted the sports bag , overturned in the garden .
after a stroll with the first dog in the rose garden ( no , not the first lady ! )
excellent , kick - ass brew , thor remarked to secret service agent # 1 , standing solemnly by the french windows overlooking the rose garden and the south lawn .
mother cried when she opened her present from him , a portrait he d sketched while shed sat in the back garden wistfully thinking of ideas for her book club presentation on emma .
the cool garden air was back dropped by the faint sound of running water coming from the fountains .
had markman not been suppressing fear , he might have become careless in the gardens wonder .
a few steps along the garden path brought no sounds of attackers .
the rising suns were casting shadows on the colorful gardens and their decor .
windows on the second floor of the house were set on three sides of the courtyard overlooking the garden each displayed a colourful window box .
i look on these links as pathways through a garden , where the garden gate is unlocked and we can enter , but the house itself we do not hold the key for , a kind of midway point if you like .
it could have been a regular sunday afternoon if there had been a smattering of people walking around the outer gardens and joggers doing laps around the moat .
i wonder what became of my cousins home of oxford , and if norham gardens where they live still exists today , or if , like london , it has been changed beyond recognition .
they had entered the garden via a set of double glass doors near the fountain at the other end .
i sneak back up the stairs and peek out the window overlooking the back garden to watch them again .
it has a swing in the garden , i state coldly .
ben looks at me and then to the swing in the garden .
coming from the back garden .
dogs were messy , dirty animals in mrs roberts ' opinion , but having relented after months of pestering by her then - teenage son , she soon discovered that they presented an excellent reason for hovering around the gardens of her neighbours .
and the gardens of the neighbours were exactly the place to be if you wanted to know what was what and who was who .
mrs roberts had a system for investigating the gardens of her neighbours ( everyone in the town was considered a neighbour , no matter how far away they actually lived from her ) and it was beautiful in its simplicity .
as she rounded the corner to father leary 's back garden , she heard the front door slam behind her and turned to see the man himself leave .
henry stood at the gate where he could look in at the garden .
iii roberts stood at the window looking down into the garden , the boy had returned .
henry did not think she really expected an answer , as she was already walking through the door leaving him alone in the garden .
you saw him with the garden gate .
i have seen the garden from outside the gate , but there are only two ways in , and out of the garden ; one is through the house , and the other is through the front gate .
you have to have permission from roberts to enter the garden from the house , or be a very , very talented keeper to use the gate , as she said the last sentence her words trailed off , and she looked at henry again .
its just that when you said you opened the garden gate , and were a natural .
there were two moons visible in the sky above the garden , and his family seemed to have noticed them .
nathan was not in the garden this evening having gone off to somewhere , or another .
the poor boy , she thought , he s obviously been leading him up the garden path for so long .
the healer somnolently yawned and stretched as he rose and went over to the mullioned window , to look out in the gathering dusk over ordered gardens that stretched to woodland far distant .
she and daxel walked about the gardens , both enjoying the sun and companionship , and , since daxel had endured a long and arduous ride , this relaxation suited him .
bene found him in the gardens , seated pensively on a long seat with scrolled arms .
neither of them said anything to the other as they took a path that led away from the plantation style building into some of the formal gardens .
service should begin soon , he said , leading her out of the garden .
the borders of the estate began to show themselves as the ship came down out of the atmosphere : a large wooded area , with an enormous manicured garden surrounding an equally impressive house .
morgan found her walking around the back gardens of the estate by herself , looking at the immaculate displays .
in the memory he was a young child older than thurin at his current age running in a hallway of the queens palace towards the entrance leading to the gardens beyond .
a large window lit the room with soft sunlight and looked out upon his garden .
parties and openings and garden teas that were anything but , and the people who gave me funny looks and the worse ones who only wanted things from me , and the questions ... what if the questions never stopped ?
roland asked loudly as he ran through the gardens as fast as he could , but he was not so surefooted .
when she was nt with the sonii , she paced the picturesque gardens below cdrabie with peter .
the castle gardens unfolded around me .
in the center of the garden was the body of cerhared , laid high on a marble platform .
the flowers descended over cerhared , falling to the garden ground and pooling in petals of violet and cerise .
the priest moved away across the gardens , the figures in white following him in a single line , the assembly unraveling like a thread .
the castles terraced gardens extended down towards the land .
there was nothing else to do , so i hurried down a flight of steps to the terraced gardens .
the unearthly garden seemed a fairytale , and it was as though i wandered through a wonderland .
the terrace ended abruptly , the ground descending sharply into the lower gardens .
on either side of me , the streams poured past the edge of the terrace , falling in waterfalls far onto the gardens below .
he looked towards the palace windows , to the same set of pillars from where i had seen the gardens .
at the foot of the falls , the castle gardens were veiled under the snows of winter .
as a portion of earth in sky , the gardens stood elevated on a rise , white with snow .
ravens circled the garden trees , shadows against the pallor .
the garden was larger than i had thought , looking at it from my room .
and in good time , here he comes across the garden , said george , as he looked from the window of the room in which they sat .
then eloise , after taking one last glance around the shadow - shrouded gardens that surrounded the house , threw a leg over the sill and pulled herself into the mysterious room .
what say you , henry , said mr . marchdale , to descending and taking a hasty examination of the garden and grounds ?
henry walked rapidly to the bed chamber of flora , and be said to george , have you any objection to being left alone here for about half an hour , george , while we make an examination of the garden ?
it was a quicker mode of descending to the garden to do so by clambering over the balcony than any other , and the height was not considerable enough to make it very objectionable , so henry and mr . marchdale chose that way of joining mr . chillingworth .
suppose , now , we take a survey of the park outside the garden wall , said mr . marchdale .
he was found lying dead in the garden of the house one day , and by his side was his pocket - book , on one leaf of which , it was the impression of the family , he had endeavoured to write something previous to his decease , for he held a pencil firmly in his grasp .
atreus looked out the window at the gardens and tried to distract himself , but failed .
dinner had been delightful ; a first - class buffet set on an outside terrace overlooking the moonlit gardens with the gentle sound of surf swashing in the background .
cassandra heard him and turned away from admiring the gardens to look at him .
at first he just redecorated the house and changed the garden plants that my mother was so fond of nurturing .
` ` beautiful garden . ''
er , he went down to the gardens said madi what ?
markus loved to sit and stare at the garden .
my men are also patrolling the gardens , so even if she does get out of the house by some miracle , she will be cut off by them .
most of the other patients were busy with some task or another , but he was immobile as he stared out into the garden .
mistress tya guided both young ladies , with a hand firmly on the small of their backs , through the gardens and into the palace proper .
this room oversaw the elaborate palace gardens .
the last time was with lya , and we spent a day exploring the gardens .
ryo camelin sat and watched the gardens , seeing the many people who walked through the massive complex every day .
the central botanical gardens were now closer than they had ever been , which would allow them to stay longer than they had before .
` ` have you ever seen the botanical gardens ? ''
marankeil asked as they finished their tour of the gardens the next day .
well , ornenkai , i have news for you , marankeil said as ornenkai entered the private atrium of the elders , with its baths , fountains , and gardens , some time later .
he sat beside her long moments , still playing in her hair and with the fabric of her collar as the artificial breeze stirred between the tree branches of the wide atrium ; parven birds chirped idly on the balcony outside that overlooked the main gardens of the council building .
` ` does anyone here garden at least ? ''
nobody in the gardens seemed to notice the two men .
if anything , the happy noises of celebration and song grew louder as they approached the garden .
after rescuing her mini - computer from the clutches of vel , who would only relent once helmsley was completed with his long - winded sermon , she trotted out into the intricately designed gardens of the manor .
but the garden seemed to stretch on forever and without repetition of landscape .
she passed through the flowered trellis of her familys tastefully landscaped front garden just as the family was gathering around the breakfast table .
from the vast gardens in which he sat with his game to his flirtation with poetry , den'ma was a man who did things for no other reason than because they appealed to him .
not to mention the well out near the garden that had a hand pump .
the gardens of the palace go back a thousand years , or more .
she concentrated mostly on the serene , almost ethereal beauty of the womans garden .
these gardens are always so nice and well - kept , he said .
thank you , sir , maxwell said , and , grabbing maddys hand , walked rapidly out of the gardens .
oh , that was just because we were in the gardens , maxwell reassured her .
for example , this morning it picked up a man wandering around the gardens in a strange , circular pattern .
jeremy looked out over the formal garden and could not speak .
iramy led avon and jeremy out the rear of the mansion and towards the garden .
* * * * an hour later jeremy and avon found iramy behind the mansion behind the fountain and formal garden .
it looks very much like this one , actually , garden and all , '' she concluded .
around the base of the sundial the frustrated sister had disposed of the colorful results of her most recent research , a generous pile of rocks which were hitting just the right note in the kitchen garden landscape .
sarah spoke quickly through the interlink while making her way out the kitchen into the garden to provide the startled audience with an explanation .
on the west side of the garden a flagstone path flanked by white gardenias led through a narrow gate in the stone garden wall to the cloister of the prayer hall .
the ballroom doors leading onto the garden had been thrown open letting in fresh air and the scent of flowers in bloom .
outside of the classroom , he owns a home in dowanhill overlooking the queensborough gardens in glasgow .
the rest of the photographs are in glasgow near the gardens .
in front of them , an archway led to the gardens straight ahead .
he is outside in the gardens .
as they left the gardens , they found vaya sitting and talking excitedly with fatima on the temple steps .
she jumped up excitedly as they exited the garden archway .
vaya and asphadal met them in the gardens over looking the sparkling sapphire waters and greeted them warmly .
between the altar and the gardens , two comfortable beds had been prepared with clean white linens .
he pointed to the garden , rising into view before them .
he looked at her , glanced at the garden and back again .
she glanced at the garden .
as they walked the rest of the way up to the garden he tried to take her mind off what he d said .
perhaps it was what he was saying , or maybe the walk itself , but by the time they reached the garden shed mostly recovered herself .
it was as if the garden took a breath and held it .
after i got dressed , i walked down from the top of the palace and into the gardens below .
` ` everything 's secure in there ; so , the back garden ? ''
` ` may we see your back garden ? ''
you ' ve always admired my garden have n't you ? ''
her brow furrowed as she strolled unchallenged through the gardens , tracking him like a scent hound .
i think he led us down the garden path . ''
she was given quarters and allowed to visit the common rooms and gardens .
from several hundred feet in the air i could see the early risers making their way in and around the gardens .
then as i regained a firmer grip on reality , i realised that it was n't birds singing - it was the gentle music of morning hymns being sung out in the gardens .
along the walls were speakers to amplify the sermon to nearly two hundred and sixty members of the congregation , as well as any stood outside in the gardens .
he looks out the small square window into the moonlit garden .
he was seated in a lounge chair that looked out over the outside gardens .
harden sat back in his chair as he looked out over the gardens .
with all the glass , the beautiful indoor gardens with the sunlight of a summer day shining through , she could almost forget something so awful happened here when she was still a young hospital secretary .
there he knelt , switching to and fro between his garden fellow and himself , encased in a morning - diffused realm of excitement and satisfaction .
three in the room beside us and three more in the house across the garden .
finally poppa came and sweet doll heard a shot in the garden and she thought of the blond hunter on the elephant in the picture book .
there s a beautiful deer in the garden .
with a click of my fingers the spade appears from the garden .
she loves me to hold her hands so she can walk around the house and garden .
the interior gardens rivaled the best of regent 's park .
he waved from the stoop as she slid into her jag and drove slowly down the sloping driveway past the gardens under the overhanging canopy of oak , fern , and elm trees .
we are gathered here in the rose garden today to welcome the citizen 's advisory council back to our nation 's capitol , with their long awaited report and recommendations , which will be proposed as legislation to both houses of congress , in a special joint session , to take place on august 11 .
it had to be something tremendous , better even than harveys garden which shed rejected .
shed been so passionate about it that it seems to him to be the greatest of presents for her , replacing harveys garden and the house on the beach .
then the door to number thirty - three slammed open , and pensioner jessica hoon ambled out with drunken footsteps down the garden path .
chris grabbed the top of a fence and pulled himself up , peeking over into the back garden of someones house .
mark hesitated , and then stepped out into the front garden .
i ask , feeling the apprehension of a dozen b - movie queens as they 're led down the garden path to the haunted house in front of which their car has just broken down and from which there will be no sane egress .
she took me by the arm and turned me towards the garden at an easy strolling pace .
peacocks roamed the gardens braying loudly , like donkeys .
he stared at the garden .
it was nicely painted , and i bet that the garden had once been neat and beautiful .
they were resting , at love - play in the gardens of morningfire court .
they sat together in the west garden of the blooming house .
he opened his eyes , looked around the white - colored villa and saw his guest waiting down in the garden .
maxentius walked around the garden for a few minutes more .
he jumped out of his chair , but in his desperate attempt to reach out for connor he toppled over the garden table as the boy kept screaming at the top of his lungs .
he therefore arranged to meet him in the spacious rose garden which , at this time , was in full bloom .
there is no one from trantor in the gardens . ''
he went on with the delicate job of leading gubber anshaw down the garden path .
he therefore arranged to meet the fellow in the spacious rose garden , which was in full bloom .
she stood in the open door of the assembly room looking out at the botanical garden .
very effective with men who think they 're leading you down the garden path . '
there they were : the old couple in their garden setting !
on this morning , alia took her pre - breakfast walk through the keep 's roof garden .
farad'n looked around the fountain garden , smiled .
` ` and when the strangers are removed from the gardens , announce that the reception is ended .
alia turned away , looked out at the day shadows dropping down the wall across from the garden .
i hear the palace gardens were rather large - we could probably use those . ''
dilaf did as ordered , moving toward the gardens .
he left the building , saolin close behind , and walked around a neat cobblestone path to the gardens .
the duke was a lover of gardens , and he spent more time outside wandering his grounds than he did in his house .
they continued to walk , speaking with guests and enjoying roial 's excellent gardens .
in the wake of telrii 's move into the palace , the women had relocated their fencing practice to the old duke 's gardens .
how surprised i was to find all these lovelies in his gardens ! ''
raoden slid open the balcony door , walking out to look over roial 's gardens .
raoden leaped from his bed and threw open the balcony doors , staring out over the gardens and into kae .
the screen showed the imperial palace gardens , one of the few places on trantor open to the sky .
the sight of the gardens made him uneasy .
he managed to convince the screen to exchange the view of the gardens for a simple pattern of muted , flowing colors .
the parapet enclosing the garden was a high one , just the guards ' heads standing above the rim .
in fact , the gardens and trees were almost eerily silent .
ad alked past the glass door that let out into the rear gardens , his senses picked up on an ephemeral disturbance .
his father 's former adviser , carus , had been sneaking out the back garden when the moron had tripped an alarm .
right outside in the gardens .
his gold mask glowed in the dim exterior light as he headed across the back gardens , into the barracks where the royal guard took up quarters when they were on duty .
david got to his feet and hurried from the garden , across the stretch of sand to the ditch ; he leaped the ditch and crossed the patch of flat soil where mrs . steiner had tried unsuccessfully to raise pansies , and at the corner of the house he suddenly came upon one of the steiner girls ; she was standing inertly , picking apart a stalk of wur - weed , her face white .
he saw the garden , but he had seen that last night .
i pretend to admire the garden atmosphere , but in truth , i want to go home .
she felt like a child again , locked in her room , not allowed to run through the gardens because of her father 's paranoid fears .
the gardens were n't as extensive as her father 's , but they were far more varied , not to mention blessedly secluded .
no one else was in the gardens , and she was far enough inside that it would take minutes for anyone to get to her .
the king often went strolling through the gardens on his midday walk .
` ` did- '' ` ` garden of the beam , say gawd ! ''
the ratty little gardens that we see from the air are meant to be seen .
they 're at garden glen rest camp now and will be coming out in five weeks .
one night before we left garden glen i was struck by the clarity of the sky .
windows beyond the piano stood uncurtained to the night and garden lights , lawn , barbecue pit , wrought iron furniture standing whitely dripping after the rain .
but the garden was empty , though the sun was bright in the morning sky .
i flew into the big garden room with my eyes already searching .
he stopped when we reached the light of the moon - bright garden room .
there should have been someone in the big garden room , if only crossing through .
she took his hand and said , ` ` i 'd like to see the garden . ''
he looked once more at the wondrous garden beyond the plaz .
then there was the old swimming pool far beyond the garden - a great long octagon bounded by the flagstones , which had become a swamp unto itself with its black water and wild irises .
in the garden district were the oldest uptown mansions of the city , slumbering behind their massive oaks and broad gardens .
and often when they passed , michael saw a curious and solitary man standing alone among the highly unkempt shrubs , far to the back of the neglected garden .
and off the child had gone without a word spoken , and miss carl had taken father mattingly out for the first time into the glass garden room for cafe au lait at the wicker table .
as he was leaving he had glimpsed deirdre in the garden , a white face peering at him from behind a gnarled old tree .
she used to scare the sisters at st alphonsus making storms like that right over the garden .
no more coffee in the garden room , just a few quick words in that vast dusty parlor .
she knew she 'd remember the moment all her life - the garden under the dark purple twilight sky with the evening stars out already and the man 's voice saying those words .
he stared back at the garden , at the high facade of the house again , now quite lost in the darkness , though the sky in bits and pieces beyond the oak branches still carried a latent gleam .
good to be clearheaded , looking out on the green garden with the branches of the oaks dipping down to the very grass .
we entered a central hallway , very spacious , though nothing on the order of a french chateau , mind you , but with much fancy plaster - work , and a fine chandelier all ablaze with pure wax candles , and a door open at the far end to the rear porch , beyond which i could just make out the edge of a cliff where the lanterns hung from the tree branches as they did from those in the front garden , and very slowly i realized that the roar i heard was not wind but the gentle sound of the sea .
immediately , i found myself led out onto the darkened gallery by the fair charlotte , so as to look out over the front garden with its melancholy lanterns , the two of us quite alone as we took our places on a wooden bench .
we know that many of these books were very old and some were written in latin julien also moved many old paintings to the house , including ' portraits from the i6oos ' julien loved books and filled the library as well with the classics and with popular novels he adored nathaniel hawthorne and edgar allan poe , and also charles dickens there is some evidence that quarrels with katherine drove julien into town , away from riverbend , though he never neglected his duties there but if katherine drove him away , certainly his little niece ( or daughter ) mary beth brought him back , for he was always swooping down upon her with cartloads of gifts and stealing her away for weeks on end in new orleans this devotion did not prevent him from getting married , in 1875 , to a mayfair cousin , a descendant of maurice and a celebrated beauty her name was suzette mayfair , and julien so loved her that he commissioned no less than ten portraits of her during the first years of their marriage they lived together in the first street house apparently in complete harmony with remy and his family , perhaps because in every respect remy deferred to juhen suzette seems to have loved little mary beth , though she had four children of her own in the next five years , including three boys and a girl , named jeannette katherine never voluntarily returned to the first street house it reminded her too much of darcy when in old age she was forced to return , it unsettled her mind , and at the turn of the century she became a tragic figure , eternally dressed in black , and roaming the gardens in search of darcy of all the mayfair witches studied to date , katherine was perhaps the weakest and the least significant her children clay and vincent were both entirely respectable and unremarkable clay and vincent married early and had large families , and their descendants now live in new orleans what we know seems to indicate that katherine was ' broken ' by darcy 's death and is thereafter never described as anything but ' sweet ' and ' gentle ' and ' patient ' she never took part in the management of riverbend , but left it all to julien , who eventually put it in the hands of clay and vincent mayfair and of paid overseers katherine spent more and more of her time with her mother , marguerite , who had become with each decade ever more peculiar a visitor in the i88os describes marguerite as ' quite impossible , ' a crone who went about night and day in stained white lace , and spent hours reading aloud in a horrid unmodulated voice in her library she is said to have insulted people carelessly and at random she was fond of her niece angehne ( remy 's daughter ) and of katherine she constantly mistook kathenne 's children clay and vincent for their uncles , julien or remy katherine was described as gray - haired and worn , and always at work on her embroidery katherine seems to have been a strict catholic in later life she went to daily mass at the parish church and lavish christening parties were held for all of clay 's children and vincent 's children marguerite did not die until she was ninety - two , at which time katherine was sixty - one years old but other than the tales of incest , which characterize the mayfair history since the time of jeanne louise and pierre , there are no occult stories about katherine the black servants , slave or free , were never afraid of katherine there are no sightings of any mysterious dark - haired lover and there is no evidence to indicate that darcy monahan died of anything but plain old yellow fever it has even been speculated by the members of the talamasca that julien was actually ' the witch ' of this entire period that perhaps no other natural medium was presented in this generation of the family , and as marguerite grew old , julien began to exhibit the power it has also been speculated that katherine was a natural medium but that she rejected her role when she fell in love with darcy , and that is why julien was so against her marriage , for julien knew the secrets of the family indeed , we have an abundance of information to suggest that julien was a witch , if not the witch of the mayfair family it is therefore imperative that we study julien in some detail as late as the 19505 , fascinating information about julien was recounted to us at some point , the history of julien must be enlarged through further investigations and further collation and examination of the existing documents our reports on the mayfairs throughout these decades are voluminous and repetitive and there are numerous public and recorded mentions of julien , and there are three oil portraits of him in american museums , and one in london .
that he incited fear and confusion in his enemies was well - known it was reported by one furious cotton factor that juhen had , in a dispute , caused another man 's clothing to burst into flame the fire was hastily put out , and the man recovered from his rather serious burns , and no action was ever taken against juhen indeed , many who heard the story including the local police - did not believe it juhen laughed whenever he was asked about it but there is also a story , told by only one witness , that juhen could set anything on fire by his will , and that his mother teased him about it in another famous incident , juhen caused all the objects of a room to fly about when he went into a rage , and then could not bring a halt to the confusion he went out , shut the door on the little storm , and sank into helpless laughter there is also an isolated story , dependent upon one witness , that juhen murdered one of his boyhood tutors none of the mayfairs up to this period attended any regular school but all were well educated privately juhen was no exception , having several tutors during his youth one of these , a handsome yankee from boston , was found drowned in a bayou near riverbend , and it was said that juhen strangled him and threw him in the water again , this was never investigated , and the entire mayfair family was indignant at this gossip servants who spread the story at once retracted it this boston schoolteacher had been a great source of information about the family he gossiped continuously about marguerite 's strange habits , and about how the slaves feared her it is from him that we gained our descriptions of her bottles and jars full of strange body parts and objects he claimed to have fought off advances from marguerite indeed , so vicious and unwise was his gossip that more than one person warned the family about it whether juhen did kill the man can not be known , but if he did , he had given the attitudes of the day at least some reason juhen was said to give out foreign gold coins as if they were copper pennies waiters at the fashionable restaurants vied with one another to serve his table he was a fabled horseman and maintained several horses of his own , as well as two carriages and teams in his stables near to first street even into old age , he often rode his chestnut mare all the way up st charles avenue to carrolton and back in the morning he would toss coins to the black children whom he passed after his death , four different witnesses claimed to have seen his ghost riding through the mist on st charles avenue , and these stories were printed in the newspapers of the period juhen was also a great supporter of the mardi gras , which began as we know it today around 1872 he entertained lavishly at the first street house during the mardi gras season it was also said countless times that juhen had the gift of ' bilocation , ' that is , he could be in two places at the same time this story was widely circulated among the servants julien would appear to be in the library , for instance , but then would be sighted almost immediately in the back garden or a maidservant would see julien go out the front door , and then turn around to see him coming down the stairway more than one servant quit working in the first street house rather than cope with the ' strange monsieur julien ' it has been speculated that appearances of lasher might have been responsible for this confusion whatever the case , later descriptions of lasher 's clothes bear a remarkable resemblance to those worn by julien in two different portraits lasher as cited throughout the twentieth century is invariably dressed as julien might have been dressed in the 18703 and i88os julien stuffed handfuls of bills into the pockets of the priests who came to call or the visiting little sisters of the poor or other such persons he gave lavishly to the parish church , and to every charitable fund whose officials approached him he often said that money did n't matter to him yet he was a tireless accumulator of wealth we know that he loved his mother , marguerite , and though he did not spend much time in her company , he purchased books for her all the time in new orleans , and ordered them for her from new york and europe only once did a quarrel between them attract attention and that was over ^catherine 's marriage to darcy monahan , at which time marguerite struck julien several times in front of the servants by all accounts he was deeply emotionally hurt and simply withdrew , in tears , from his mother 's company after the death of juhen 's wife , suzette , julien spent less time than ever at riverbend his children were brought up entirely at first street julien , who had always been a debonair figure , took a more active role in society long before that , however , he appeared at the opera and the theater with his little niece ( or daughter ) mary beth he gave many charity balls and actively supported young amateur musicians , presenting them in small private concerts in the double parlor at first street julien not only made huge profits at riverbend , he also went into merchandising with two new york affiliates and made a considerable fortune in that endeavor he bought up property all over new orleans , which he left to his niece mary beth , even though she was the designee of the mayfair legacy and thereby stood to inherit a fortune larger than julien 's there seems little doubt that julien 's wife , suzette , was a disappointment to him servants and friends spoke of many unfortunate arguments it was said that suzette for all her beauty was deeply religious and julien 's high - spirited nature disturbed her she eschewed the jewels and fine clothes which he wanted her to wear she did not like to go out at night she disliked loud music a lovely creature , with pale skin and shining eyes , suzette was always sickly and died young after the birth in rapid succession of her four children , and there is no doubt that the one girl , jeannette , had some sort of ' second sight ' or psychic power more than once jeannette was heard by the servants to scream in uncontrollable panic at the sight of some ghost or apparition her sudden frights and mad dashes from the house into the street became well - known in the garden district , and were even written up in the papers in fact , it was jeannette who gave rise to the first ' ghost stories ' surrounding first street there are several stories of juhen 's being extremely impatient with jeannette and locking her up but by all accounts he loved his children all three of his sons went to harvard , returning to new orleans to practice civil law , and to amass great fortunes of their own their descendants are mayfairs to this day , regardless of sex or marital connection and it is the law firm founded by julien 's sons which has , for decades , administered the mayfair legacy we have at least seven different photographs of juhen with his children , including some with jeannette ( who died young ) in every one , the family seems extremely cheerful , and barclay and cortland strongly resemble their father though barclay and garland both died in their late sixties , cortland lived to be eighty years old , dying in late october in 1959 this member of the talamasca made direct contact with cortland the preceding year , but we shall come to that at the proper time ( elhe mayfair , adoptive mother of rowan mayfair , the present designee of the legacy , is a descendant of juhen mayfair , being a granddaughter of julien 's son cortland , the only child of cortland 's son sheffield mayfair and his wife , a french - speaking cousin named eugenie mayfair , who died when ellie was seven years old .
' she would sit on a bench in the back garden talking to her dead husband , darcy .
' you know what she was up to7 i 'll tell you every sister in that convent felt that stella was her special little friend she led you to believe that she told you little secrets about herself , just as if she 'd never told them to another soul and she knew all about you , she did she knew things you 'd never told anyone , and she 'd talk to you about your secrets and your fears and the things you always wanted to tell someone , and she 'd make you feel better about it and later , hours later , or maybe even days later , you 'd think about it , think about what it had been like to be sitting there in the garden whispering with her , and you 'd know she was a witch ' she was from the devil and she was up to no good .
' the streets were completely blocked with automobiles people were piling in through the back garden gate , and every window in the place was lighted i could hear the shrill screams of the saxophone long before i reached the front steps ' there was no one on the front door , as far as i ever saw , and i simply went in , pushing through a regular jam of young persons in the hallway , who were all smoking and laughing and greeting each other , and took no notice of me at all ' the party did include every manner of dress , exactly as stella had promised there were even quite a few elderly people there and langtry found himself comfortably anonymous as he made his way to the bar in the living room where he was served a glass of extremely good champagne ' there were more and more people streaming in every minute a crowd was dancing in the front portion of the room in fact , there were so many persons everywhere i looked , all chattering and laughing and drinking amid a thick bluish cloud of cigarette smoke , that i could hardly gain a fair impression of the furnishings of the room rather lavish , i suppose , and rather like the salon of a great liner , actually , with the potted palms , and the tortured art deco lamps , and the delicate , vaguely grecian chairs .
deirdre 's ' mysterious friend ' met her in the nuns ' garden in the moonlight , and spoke softly but audibly enough for rita mae to hear .
by all reports , the house was extremely cheerful , filled with bright colors , gay wallpaper , traditional furnishings , and books numerous french doors opened on the garden , the pool , and the front lawn .
the girl 's color was excellent she had even had a guest , a very nice - looking young man the maid had only seen him for a second or two - he and deirdre had been out in the garden - but he was a handsome , gentlemanly sort of young man .
flowering vines covered the side galleries so that the ornamental ironwork was scarcely visible , and the wild cherry laurels screened the garden from view .
i turned in my chair and glanced over my shoulder at the garden .
in new orleans , deirdre mayfair continues to sit in her rocking chair , staring out over the ruined garden .
and the garden of the priest house hidden behind its high brick wall , and the lawn beside st mary 's burned and tired and dusty .
he wandered after her , back into the front garden .
' i ' m seeing the view from the porch , the garden , ' he whispered .
maybe it was simply the humid air and the sun rising slowly outside , and the garden filling up with a bright light that made the trees come alive beyond the glass , and made the sky suddenly blue in the topmost panes of the windows .
oh , the house was full of undiscovered things , and so was its sad and melancholy garden .
the perfectly square flagstones were set in a diamond pattern against the limestone balustrades which broke the patio into distinct rectangles and marked off paths which met at right angles , framing both garden and house .
he towelled dry with it , and went back out and looked again at the empty garden and the darkened house .
and the clear october day was perfect for a garden party of some two hundred .
she took another sip , acknowledging a little toast from across the garden .
a pale light from the garden came in through the many windows , illuminating the polished floor of the hallway , and the dining room , and even the butler 's pantry .
i saw it when michael was small and saw me and looked at me through the garden fence .
he stood very still in the kitchen , looking out through the french doors over the back garden , watching the snow melt as it struck the surface of the pool .
a number of expensive , comfortable - looking sets of furniture were spaced in and near the garden , like the sets you sometimes see at the pricier hotels .
usually she took her garden shoes off on the stoop .
she walked around the garden square , as if out on a stroll , moving so that she would n't look nervous .
the buildings surrounding the gardens were more rich than the ones in the market up the way .
the lifeless stood as still as one of the d'denir statues that lined the gardens , impassively watching the crowds pass .
she focused on the gardens .
2 passing under the wrought - iron arch with gage park written on it in old - fashioned , curlicued letters , they found themselves on a brick path leading through a garden that was half english formal and half ecuadorian jungle .
then she jerked the door open , went to the comer of the house , drew in a deep , steadying breath , and went around to the garden side , raising the ash - chunk as she did .
` ` china must be a very fine place , '' perscitia said , wistfully , and temeraire was by no means inclined to disagree ; he thought sadly that if only laurence had been willing , they might now be together in peking , perhaps strolling in the gardens of the summer palace again ; he had not had the chance to see it in autumn .
lord holland 's servants know me , and his grounds march with the palace gardens : it is not a mile from his house .
` ` i must advise you , sir , not to go too close to the east end of the park , if you should walk beyond the gardens , '' he said .
she was lying miserably coiled before the house in what had been an elegant formal garden adorned with statuary , and now was a heap of rubble .
but it did not belong here , a black rotten canker taken root in the warm sour horse - smell of the stable attic , above the peaceful gardens .
the hedge - rows were trimmed , and the walks had been swept of snow ; there was a murmur of noise and life , louder as he came to the house , until standing in the formal gardens he might look in through the glass at the candle - lit ballroom , full of people , standing and sitting and lying , on pallets and on camp - beds : cottagers he recognized , others from the village .
we went up the garden path , crazy paving leading us past a hedge and a solitary rose bush to a pebble - dashed facade .
her hair was so fair it was white , and long , and straight , and she sat at the glass - topped table , her hands clasped together , staring at the garden outside , and the gathering dusk .
i never saw any groundsmen or caretakers in my forays through the gardens and woods , and i never attempted to enter the manor .
our home - an aging , tattered victorian house - was sold , and torn down ; new houses covered the garden .
the young man went back down the garden path .
his horse , a huge gray charger , big as a shire horse , its head high and its eyes intelligent , was tethered to mrs . whitaker 's garden gate .
his horse was leaning its head over her garden fence , nibbling her gladioli .
i fumbled the binoculars to my eyes , and was disappointed to see that it was merely snowflake , the white cat , streaking across the front garden like a patch of greenish - white light .
we went up the garden path , crazy paving leading us past a hedge and a solitary rosebush to a pebble - dashed facade .
peering between the scorched limbs lining the path afforded me glimpses of long , rectangular boxes , sitting silently in the gardens .
last time i 'd been to the mission -- scarcely a month ago -- i 'd spent an unusually long time walking about the enormous garden .
he just sat in the shade while around him the residence gardens bloomed and bloomed .
mr . young was in his front garden , sitting on his deck chair , smoking his pipe .
three faces stared over the garden fence .
dog gave up on his master , and began to stalk a butterfly in the grass by the garden hedge .
his horse , a huge gray charger , big as a shire - horse , its head high and its eyes intelligent , was tethered to mrs . whitaker 's garden gate .
i fumbled the binoculars to my eyes and was disappointed to see that it was merely snowflake , the white cat , streaking across the front garden like a patch of greenish - white light .
mostly i would explore the small wet grassy space behind the house , the blackberry brambles , and the garden shed .
the sun emerged from behind a cloud as jack reappeared , and the garden blazed with a hundred bright colors - more of poseidonia 's influence , jack supposed .
all about him , the garden waited in hushed stillness .
at the distant end of the garden stood a graceful terra - cotta building with a row of windows on both sides of its elaborately tiled front door .
instead i asked him to lend me the garden of his house next door .
maggie shot him a glance that might have held annoyance , then gazed past him into the garden .
slipping back into the hallway , he looked for a way out , and followed a breath of air to the entryway : a very indifferent sentry drowsed in a corner , and laurence was past him and had a foot in the gardens when a great roaring came from above , a sound at once familiar and bone - rattling , though he had not heard it since the battle of the nile : a dragon , overhead , and the lights of all the house flared at his back .
it was held at the estate of the japanese governor , in his gardens very near the shore , and the whole of it passed very nearly in silence .
a little mollified by this explanation , temeraire forbore to stay offended , and when they had finished their tea , he and mei repaired to the gardens , to walk awhile , and at length to enjoy a little sport before going on with the breeding : mei might not be a fighting - dragon , temeraire silently told iskierka in his head , with some hauteur , but she was certainly very lithe and agile , and no - one could have complained of the experience .
he went along the corridor to the tiny spare room at the back of the house and looked down into the gardens below .
so he walked back to maxwell gardens and was slightly surprised to see that the light was on in his bedroom .
` ` maxwell gardens , '' said fat charlie .
wearing a pair of cheap eclipse - viewing glasses , jeffrey stood with the other u.s . delegates by the west entrance to the gardens .
the scent of lavender and hibiscus colored the garden paths , but all jack could smell was karen 's jasmine perfume .
with the feverish man slung between them , they passed through the garden gate and around the church to the clapboard building jutting from its south face .
kelly leaned on a window overlooking the rear garden .
ignoring them all , makeen fled in raw terror across the bombed - out gardens , careless of who might see him .
she and tom had made love in the garden shed at her house after a spring dance .
as he crossed the gardens he lifted his face to the sun and burned away such dark thoughts .
they had all gathered in the garden courtyard of the kensington estate .
at last , she settled before a window that looked down upon an unkempt garden .
she crossed the gardens to the entrance and passed through the twenty - foot - thick walls to enter the first floor .
he turned and headed toward the rear garden wall .
` ` knife , '' gray said and crossed to a garden table .
across the gardens rose a six - story mansion of stacked fieldstone and exposed exotic woods .
the center walkway skirted the forest 's edge and overlooked the central gardens .
a wall of windows overlooked the rear yard and gardens .
it was as if some mighty titan had taken a giant ice - cream scoop to the mansion along with most of the surrounding gardens .
10:15 p.m. terni , italy gray stood guard before the window , staring out at the dark garden behind the old country farmhouse .
down in the gardens , the sudden flare of a match illuminated seichan 's form as she lit another cigarette .
small front gardens and window boxes hinted at the splendor that must be spring and summer here , but after the storm last night , snow piled atop boxes and across yards , creating a wintry christmas scene .
the original canal still ran through the gardens , turning an old wooden waterwheel .
suddenly seichan appeared , passing from the street through the garden gate .
he lifted an arm in greeting , opened the garden gate , and crossed toward them .
as he faced the garden , he suddenly knew the answer .
seichan turned her back and stared into the garden toward the one victim who had n't truly escaped .
from his perch atop the hotel , floor - to - ceiling windows looked out onto breathtaking views of the mountains and down to the meticulously tended parterre gardens far below .
she had a choice of fleeing out into the neighboring waterfront park or into the narrow maze of historic homes with their quaint porches , filigree woodwork , and colorful gardens .
the summer sun was still up , but it looked like dusk outside as smoke obscured the gardens .
gray was ushered into a small library , done up as a sitting room , with french antique furniture , a small fireplace , and tiny windows , no bigger than arrow slits , offering peeks at the gardens beyond .
han stepped out into the garden , scarlet at his side .
seeing her among them reminded him of the halls and gardens of kiamurr .
` ` do you remember what i said at the garden party ? ''
` ` garden party ? ''
the gardens surrounding the house remained incongruously in bloom .
seth sat down in a chair , gazing out at the garden .
he 'd churned up the whole garden , and much of the yard beyond .
outside the sun was rising , casting a golden glow over the garden .
seth moved toward the mirror slowly , snatched it , and ran off into the garden toward the house .
he was turning in circles , eyes darting around the garden , apparently perplexed and amazed .
besides the fairies fluttering about , the garden looked still .
then he wandered across the garden from the pool , leaving the skimmer behind .
from the porch , only a few fairies could be seen gliding around the garden .
the furniture was scattered around the garden .
her father 's gardens .
this time , not a garden seat , but a sterile white room .
the few maids left in the room fled out the side door into the gardens .
days sitting in the gardens , evenings sitting in her room , the occasional visit to the ardents for some peaceful tutoring about the almighty .
on the way through the white - marbled house , she passed palona and sebarial in a room with enormous glass windows , facing leeward over the gardens .
food is served in the gardens !
to remember herself as a child , discovering light in the gardens , patterns in the stonework , and dreams that became real ... ... ` ` mmmm ...
she had rarely seen the gardens at night , and they took on a mysterious cast in the darkness .
the force and pull of the past glittered from the wrought - iron balconies , from the hedge gardens sprinkled with snow .
' actually , i led him down the garden path .
we left the room arm in arm and strolled down an airy corridor that ran along the garden side of the citadel , pausing now and then to admire the roses .
after breakfast , the countess sent word to earl mangaran , asking him to meet us in the rose garden .
he 's being led down the garden path by a murgo who 's trying to start a war between arendia and the tolnedran empire . '
not long before supper , i took asrana and mangaran back out into the rose garden to hammer down some last - minute details .
i lingered in the rose garden until they 'd left .
there was a solid , comfortable quality about it , and the high marble wall surrounding it and the trees and hedges in the garden muffled any noises coming in from the street to give the entire place an air of seclusion and peace .
we 'd gather in my rose garden or on the terrace in the evenings as the stars came out .
' i ' ve been asked to stand for election to the town council , aunt pol , ' he told me one summer evening when we were alone together in my garden .
they walked quietly across the lawns or sat in the gardens in groups of two or three engaged in sober discussion .
the group of dals who had escorted them to this jewel - like city led them along a gently curving street to a simple house on the far side of one of the formal gardens .
as he moved the finger , a neat furrow of freshly plowed earth moved resolutely across the garden .
a paved drive curved up through the garden to a porch lined with columns , and liveried servants stood attentively at the entryway .
beyond the windows lay a snowy garden , totally embraced by the tall wings of this bleak murgo house .
brador looked out the window at the snowy garden .
garion and silk sat near the fire in the mauve - cushioned room , looking out at the garden and talking quietly .
though it was pleasantly warm in the neatly manicured formal garden , he nonetheless still wore his shabby felt overcoat and his shaggy fur hat .
` ` one of the things you 'll learn as you grow older , garion , '' she said to him , gravely looking out at the snowy garden , ` ` is patience .
an aged nun entered the garden , her expression disapproving at the presence of men within her walls .
she looked meaningfully around at the walls enclosing the garden , and her refusal of the customary blessing seemed to give her some pleasure .
he rose as they entered the garden .
he crossed the garden and went back inside .
voren was a trifle surprised at their reappearance ' that was quick , ' he said as they entered his garden .
he went to the garden wall and squinted at the setting sun .
he left the garden quietly .
there were wildflowers in a vase on the table and curtains at the window overlooking the garden .
chapter fourteen the house of count dravor was a large white building set in the center of a broad lawn with clipped hedges and formal gardens on either side .
he pointed at the shadowy garden .
the two men disappeared around the corner , and the rest of them followed mister wolf into the looming shadow of the hedge which surrounded count dravor 's garden .
they went down through the moonlit garden with the horses trailing along after them until they emerged on the open lawn beyond .
the lawn in the garden was neatly manicured .
a cloud passed in front of the sun , and the garden seemed suddenly chilly in its shadow .
then she ran from the garden in tears .
the original vauxhall gardens had been a popular place for casual afternoon and evening entertainment through the early part of the century .
he claimed he wanted to recreate the pleasure gardens in a more modern setting , as a way to thank the city of london for supporting his industry .
the original gardens were known for pleasant walkways , dimly lit and convenient for young men and women to dally ... as well as pickpockets .
mina and dylan , who 'd been happy to act as our escort , met me a street away from the gardens .
encountering that sort would be my preferred entertainment here in the gardens .
` ` the gardens are lovely , but i ' m afraid i would n't have been comfortable walking along this path alone .
where on earth were all of the other hundreds of people i 'd seen earlier in the gardens ?
i had , however , become very familiar with new vauxhall gardens .
at the gardens ? ''
and i ' m certain i saw you there at the gardens , miss adler .
he had n't said a word since we 'd spoken in the garden spot , except to answer questions asked directly of him by rob and winky .
i do n't want them settling in by bodo 's future garden . ''
if i get one , i 'll run to the southwest corner and signal you at that garden door . ''
out of the corner of his eye , he could see that the guards themselves were sprinting through the gardens , almost on him .
tyrion lannister had been seated on a balcony across the garden , flanked by his guards .
some of the lords on lysa 's terrace were making wry jests as they refilled their wine cups , but across the garden , tyrion lannister 's mismatched eyes watched the champions dance as if there were nothing else in the world .
across the garden , tyrion lannister got to his feet .
a half - moon floated above the bell tower and cast its reflection on the roof of the glass gardens .
so the stark sent to his glass gardens and commanded that the most beautiful o ' the winter roses be plucked for the singer 's payment .
ser axell florent was coming down the garden path with a dozen guards in quilted jerkins .
if the horses do n't whinny , and that singer does n't come poking around the garden .
when she opened the door to the garden , it was so lovely that she held her breath , unwilling to disturb such perfect beauty .
` ` i ca n't think how to do the glass roof over the gardens . ''
the gardens are my haven .
the gardens behind the manse were just as pleasant , and far more extensive .
he saw three gates during his wanderings - the main entrance with its gatehouse , a postern by the kennels , and a garden gate hidden behind a tangle of pale ivy .
they are wishing to f**k their wives again , to count their sons , to see the stepstones and the pleasure gardens of lys .
but the only sound was the wind in the fruit trees , and the only creatures in the gardens were a few pale moths .
the paths were treacherous with black ice , and hoarfrost sparkled in the moonlight on the broken panes of the glass gardens .
it was daenerys who filled the gardens with laughing children .
she could see members of the court milling about the lush palace gardens , a few of the aristocrats out in boats upon the lake 's surface .
as his majesty says , no one at court enjoys the gardens anymore .
marie - josephe 's coach continued toward the chateau of versailles and its formal gardens .
the gardens lay quiet and strange , the fountains still .
in her shift , marie - josephe gazed across the garden , toward the sea monster 's tent , listening for the sea monster 's song .
but the gardens lay quiet in the night .
she liked to walk in the gardens , but the hour was late and the night was chilly , and she still had so much to do .
before her the tent glowed faintly ; across the garden , near the fountain of neptune , torches flickered as gardeners set out potted flowers in great drifts , keeping the gardens beautiful for his majesty .
` ` i thought ... '' the visions that had spun around her in the darkness of the garden vanished in the candlelight of his room .
torches gilded the chateau , cast shadows across the gardens , and haloedyves ' hair .
lucien 's carriage flew along the avenue de paris and past the lines of visitors waiting to enter his majesty 's gardens .
11 the coolness of the chateau gave way to the warmth of the terrace above the gardens .
marie - josephe slipped past and between groups of visitors - mothers and fathers and children , elderly grandparents , two and three and even four generations marvelling at the magnificence of their king 's home and the perfection of his gardens .
she passed few visitors ; they had gathered on the other side of the garden , near neptune , to enjoy the concert and the ballet his majesty had been pleased to order for his subjects .
the sea monster 's song of warning burst through the gardens , filled them , and faded away .
gold and yellow flowers decorated every candle - stand and table , continuing the theme of the flowers in the gardens .
the gardens were filled with visitors .
16 marie - josephe stumbled up the green carpet , anxious to leave the gardens before anyone saw her running bedraggled and dew - damp and barefoot .
hugging herself for warmth , she turned her back and stared into the moonlit gardens .
` ` when i thought i saw yves in the garden , bleeding - when i fled from the tiger that was n't there - it was the sea monster , as i thought she was then .
22 the gardens of the chateau blazed with light .
she could gallop across the parquet , she could clatter down the staircase of the ambassadors , or leap over the balcony like pegasus ; we could flee into the gardens , into the forest , and disappear .
count lucien gazed down across the gardens , somber .
below them , the gardens filled with people : his majesty 's royal guests , the court , his majesty 's subjects .
a golden letter ` ` l '' and its mirror image , surrounded by flowers and starbursts , brightened the gardens to day .
his majesty 's courtiers had deserted the gardens to prepare themselves for carrousel .
he turns to the door to the backyard - back garden , he remembers , that 's what the english call it , what his parents always called it .
while it cooks , he looks out to the back garden , watching the rain come down on the deck and the now - soaking pile of bandages .
directly across , there 's a small drive leading to a farmhouse with a little stand of trees in the front garden .
because my one in particular was killed by the clearing as the burden were first rounded up from back gardens and basements , from locked rooms and servant 's quarters .
across the grass in the front garden , on the small path leading up to the house , all over the floor inside , way more blood than you 'd think coulda come outta actual people .
she ignored the gazing eyes by turning away her face , preferring to study the garden instead , through the iron bars of the classroom window .
the front garden was small with a path leading up to the front door .
they say that a single butterfly symbols the one persons soul while a large numbers of butterflies are viewed as a set of bad omens as taffy giggles at the silly superstitions then gently flings her arms in the wind while the butterflies flutter away towards the pretty garden roses .
i un - pack my limited possessions and stuff the items into the small two drawers on the small mirrored chest then gracefully pirouette to the great big nice room with my own private terrace and solo entrance into my personal rose gardens and best of all the assets a locked door knob as i giggle , living the princess life during the day and a thief at night .
there are easily fifty walkers pouring into our front garden and towards the house .
i peer out into the garden , it is clear .
they passed near the enchanted garden , and when electra told him her family had restored the garden , eric hurried inside .
the garden resembled a flourishing palace with gardenias and acacias , dahlias and daffodils , high columns of green bushes , and a small fountain surrounded with tiny bluebells , serving as a pond for the rose finches .
when the mazurka ended , electra thanked her companion and tried to politely get rid of his presence so she could find eric , but the gentleman kept following her and talking to her about the cold evening , the garden and the old cedar trees in front of the mansion , and the wonderful music , determined to cling to her for the rest of the evening .
in the end they managed to get out of the mansion and ran down the garden , which was now enveloped in darkness , as the cold night had replaced the cool evening , and the glittering stars were their only guides on their way back .
there were lots of students everywhere with books and folders in their arms sitting on the park bench tops , which framed the gardens in different areas of the room .
he walked down the path surrounded by the typical manicured gardens and lawns of suburbia , towards the letterbox set in a rendered brick fence .
most people prefer the back garden .
he seems to be looking out at the garden , but i do n't know if that 's what he 's really seeing .
i wave my hand at the garden .
he looks around the garden .
she looks out at the garden , suddenly looking very small and alone .
cat nods , eyes again on the garden .
dham disappears into the back garden .
i duck into dham 's room and use his back door to let myself out into the garden .
but as she made her way down the garden path , something inside her told her she had made a huge mistake .
by the garden wall , crouching firemen were tightly gripping a bucking hose .
they directed the hose towards that side , leaving the way up the garden path towards the door clear .
few of my fathers guards were spread throughout the garden , bowing to me as i passed .
when the servants noticed i was heading towards the gardens , they flew in a panic to get snacks and drinks ready .
the gardens , all the rooms , and the beautiful staircase that was open with plush carpeting , opulent enough for a princess to make her grand entrance .
david shoved gabe out of the way and latched onto me pushing me through the door and past the gardens to the moonlit beach .
i m nice that way , i replied pulling him closer through the garden .
it looked over the gardens .
i had turned back to stare at the garden .
i nodded toward the double doors that led to the gardens .
jade and kyle had been coming here since they were tiny , so the flagstone path down past the rose garden brought back every childhood misadventure .
it would be friendly to shout good morning to the neighbors if not for the high fences , hedges , and acres of well - groomed gardens that separate each house .
my heart begins to race as i imagine her standing by the balcony , but i know at this time she should be in the back garden .
in a daze , i grab the letter and storm out to the corridor , down the stairs to the entertainment room , and out to the garden still full of guests .
my lips curl into smile , but i stop them , and walk away from him , heading toward the arched garden path .
in silence , we head toward the back garden .
my eyes on the waterfall in the garden , i pretend i ca nt see john coming .
i stare out at the garden , but i ca nt stay still .
your brother is my ex , i add and step aside to stare out at the garden .
the hall was well lit by enormous windows , which displayed the gardens in front and back .
dark green sofas and chairs were arranged for conversation in front of the windows , giving anyone who sat in them a perfect view of the gardens that surrounded the back of the palace .
beyond the neatly groomed and manicured gardens , rolling hills and pastures disappeared into a thick forest of tall trees .
when they reached the bottom of the stairs , levi led them to the back of the room , which displayed only substantial french - style windows , and exhibited an expansive view of the outdoor gardens .
four large arcaded windows were adorned with a rich silk fabric , and pulled up on each side to give a subtle view of the palace gardens and wooded hills that were situated at the backside of the palace .
is there something special that you see in the gardens ?
i believe reece would have a much improved view of the gardens that she seems so enchanted with .
enjoy yourself ; the gardens are more enchanting when traveled alone , and no distractions are present .
i m surprised the ladies allowed you to wonder off alone , as unfamiliar as you are with the gardens .
she accepted harrisons arm , and the three of them turned to leave the garden .
they were now out of the tree - covered path , and in the gardens at the back of the palace .
he took his seat across from her , however , reece did nt engage him in any conversation ; her attention was taken by the uniquely crafted gardens just outside the windows to her right .
i believe they are as impressive as the gardens of pasidian palace .
the sofas were inviting and the views of the palace gardens behind them were magnificent .
when they were nt studying in the library , they would take strolls through the gardens .
its lovely to see you all out and enjoying a walk in the gardens , i presume ?
she turned and walked toward the doors that led out to the palace gardens .
after i saw you exit the palace gardens , i decided to follow you .
he led them away from the fences and upward to where they could see past the trees , down to the enormous palace , and the gardens surrounding it .
would you care to join me on an evening walk in the gardens ?
it was close to an hour after elizabeth and reece headed out to the palace gardens that allestaine rejoined them .
simone cleared her throat delicately , oh yes , of course , she is in the garden room .
she walked over toward the windows , sipped her tea , and gazed out onto the snow covered gardens .
you can take the garden exit . ''
she shot me an unhappy look and then opened the garden door and disappeared behind one of the tall hedges that were liberally sprinkled throughout the garden .
she shot me an unhappy look and then opened the garden door and disappeared behind one of the tall hedges that were liberally sprinkled throughout the garden .
i turned and crept back towards the garden door .
twenty - six she was standing on top of one of the booths that flanked the doorway to the gardens , holding a cup of red liquid in one hand and pressing the fingers of the other against her smiling red lips .
knowing the frenzied crowd was impenetrable , he barrelled toward the nearest exit , the massive doors that led into the back gardens .
the garden might have been incredibly tiny , cramped between three high walls and the house , but it was well appointed with brightly coloured and sweetly scented flowers and bushes .
her even more powerful hind legs were the next to touch the ground and , as soon as they did , a simple flexing of lils flanks sent her off in another leap across the garden .
the garden wall presented no problem to her .
the back door to the garden ; ill use that , harry said , looking towards the door with a determined stare .
song of songs 5 ; 13 as harry and azar stepped out through the door , they realised too late that the surging crowd had already curled around the side of the house and its walled garden .
bren chasing rema around the front garden , both of them only five years old , laughing .
nothing covered the windows and i saw the beautiful gardens outside .
i scanned the gardens .
we enter the metal flooring and silently land down on the first floor then silently pad boots to a gated entrance of the ritas royal castle , far away from the royal grounds and gardens , secretly .
i could see them in the sunroom , through the large windows overlooking the back garden .
edith took my arm , and we moved ahead , rounding the house and walking toward the garden .
andrew offered his arm , and we left the circle to take a stroll around the garden .
how does my ladys garden grow in silver bells and cockle shells and pretty maids all in a row .
bess snapped her mouth shut and turned her eyes back toward the sad garden .
the sun was heading down toward the horizon when a young , portly lad came running into the gardens , racing straight toward her side .
she had reached the back gardens when she heard long strides moving to overtake her .
a lilting voice echoed across the gardens .
standing , she nodded to her parents before heading out toward the gardens , lost in thought .
the afternoon passed in quiet contentment , and when the readings were through , sarah was drawn to take a quiet walk in the back gardens before dinner .
rachels voice rang out over the gardens .
when she spotted her sister returning later in the afternoon , she hurried out into the garden , intercepting her where they could talk alone .
she headed out through the stable doors , turning left to move toward the back gardens .
she ate quickly , retreating to her gardens as soon as she was able .
resigned , she moved through the keep and out the back doors , making her way to a stone bench by her garden .
chapter 3 when addy was finally set free , she headed out walking across the garden to her villa .
gage pointed across the garden .
at the top of the stairs , through the windows , they could see battles going on outside in the garden .
a lone hammock calls my name , hanging from a weeping willow just off the garden .
we raced through the back garden , toward a rickety - looking gate , hopefully leading to a street .
i took a deep breath , steeling my nerves for the coming dinner with family , including the dragon , then turned my back on the enchanting garden and headed for the door .
but what was there to see , other than the familiar scenery of a few trees in the garden and five hectares of vine ?
my aunts voice drifted from the garden .
i d put on a nice smile and walk out into the garden dressed like a marigold .
aside from little bits of moonlight broken by the maples , the garden appeared as dark as hells closet .
the window at my back when i sat in the big leather office chair overlooked the garden and reflected on the wide screen of the computer .
bonjour , jona , my aunt shouted with her usual cheerful tone from the garden below .
a pair of french doors led to a balcony that overlooked the garden and also afforded a view of the water .
note : original copyright from the us copywrite office 2005 as ' bittersweet sixteen ' by lynn mickelsen other ebooks by grace gardener - the truth ; the conversation ; garden of the light introduction confusion turned to chaos is about the struggles of high school in 1968 , the year madelyn west turns sixteen .
they were sitting on a short white wall that surrounded the front garden of a small sky blue mid - terrace house .
they walked up the path splitting her front garden into two halves and itzy fished her key out of her pocket .
melody had found herself entangled with aidan in a compromising situation in the greenhouse that sat imposingly at the end of the vast back garden , which looked more like a park .
at first , all she saw was the back garden .
then a lightning bolt struck our back garden , just inches from my da .
at last , i thought , some privacy ! and i took a step out into the garden .
the skype conference call went well , mr james had videoed the house on his phone , so we had a cyber walk around the building and the garden .
if i was going to be made to suffer through a birthday garden party , i at least wanted to know the guest list .
* * * neither of us had seen daylight for awhile , so jericha suggested we walk through the conservatory gardens .
i turn the corner and yes , there 's the conservatory gardens , completely dark .
mrs . elliot exclaimed , my mother eunice , lives on garden street right by your house , and she had a nasty fall this week and ca nt get around too well .
sarah knew miss eunice and the house on garden street well .
they do not hold the garden in their memories .
the gardens are immaculate , mum whispered , standing in the middle of the path and gripping my arm for dear life .
a six - seater dining table stood pride of place under a large crystal chandelier and floor - to - ceiling windows showed the immaculate back gardens .
by the garden house fredric was working a large hand pump .
if you re looking for the lady of the house you can find her in the garden .
were visiting by the side garden .
walking back to the small table she again looked at the lushness of the gardens surrounding her .
the only place to hide would be the cottage and the only exit was through the garden gate where , even now , she could hear heavy footsteps in the gravel path .
they rolled off the porch into the rose garden while gary watched them .
caught in a weave of fantastical threads she travels away from the villa to her home with other invitees ; all without souvenirs of encounters in the magical gardens that had welcomed them save the duchess her profound grief at losing connection with the little one her host had explained away as inconsequential ; deemed flawed by awkward smile and rounded dome crowning amber eyes .
her tales had lifted him from the castle gardens to the desert home of layth ; weaving his destiny into the tapestry foretelling of the boy who would crack open what lay dormant between time and dimensions ; freeing ancient wisdom into its final journey to this day .
today would be like no other , the castle walls would deify this force in a hush immovable to the unexpected ; ominous cold sinking to those who slept deep beneath the gardens ground .
held in the gardens shadowed by ancient invocations , through a maze of numinous visions , enraptured , the initiate felt the true statement of her strength .
what soddened the lower window panes , the suns rays , cut through the trees that crested the south hill of the castle gardens .
no boundaries to the garden paths , they would run chasing squirrel then scatter they would about the castle grounds parachuting its four corners with boundless energy .
frost covered grounds had slipped into each step since she left the garden that morning at the castles stoop .
he had cautioned imled that animating forces would soften closed lids to break the seal , raising from deep beneath the gardens those cradled in crystal stasis who watched from painted eyes set deep into castle halls .
pulling back , bracing herself to the arm of the caretakers chair , settled with intent as viewing gallery for study of the art crowning the glass curio cases , positioned by those stirring beneath the gardens to receive imled in the wake of her dawning .
in succumbing to the inspiration of her teachers way , her rebirth keyed the ultimate secret the gardens embodied ; farewells sung into the history of the castle , recording time set in crystal caskets to be released by her hand wielding what the chessman carried in the golden signet casement ring about his neck .
student , caretaker she had been to this great man ; for decades watching him measure elements precisely in his alchemy , showing the perfect bud to prune for a glorious season to come , rolling pastry to wrap summer fruits , the firm hold it took when one of his cherished pressed by him to chase the garden squirrels .
so thus , pelua laid to rest the old man who had once been a young lad when they romped about the gardens of valtonor , but now her lover , the hero called vavog , was gone .
we ve the most beautiful gardens there .
there were a couple of inches between fence and house and rose squeezed through here and moved down the side passage for the back garden .
lets take a look at the back garden .
through the overgrown front garden and leafy foliage climbing over keyton grove manors wall , he could see miss .
she took a big key from the desk and then went through the back door and down the garden .
it was freezing out in the garden and grace could barely fit the key in the lock and turn it to get inside .
she left it open behind her and , as the three of them fled across the garden , they heard someone scream from inside the house .
grace did nt pause but went straight up the front garden and knocked on the door .
grace shoved him and he started to walk down the front garden .
he jumped the wall and landed in keytons front garden .
there was a cat flap on the garden door and she knelt down and tried to push it open .
i fell through on my back into the gardens beyond , just as the car again hit the stonework , this time penetrating far enough to have crushed me , had i still been trapped against the gate .
the twilight path stretched alongside the garden and disappeared behind the castles gate .
a guard came into the garden .
the birds were making their dawn chorus and a vixen , followed by her cubs , loped across the garden .
he turned , looking beyond the carriage and garden , and nodded his head at her .
at twenty years old , she had lived in this home on pickering avenue since graduating from elizas business school , and she was very particular about her yard and garden .
she felt the front and back gardens were a true rating of someones worth in society .
the first flash had been very close by , and he stepped cautiously off the deck and onto the back garden .
erics fists never made contact , as there was a sudden explosion of light , blinding him for a split - second before an invisible and immense force blasted him off his feet and across the garden .
racing into the kitchen she looked through the window as the blast threw eric across the garden .
hoping to see a thunderstorm he looked out of the kitchen window and could only see that the back garden was being illuminated from upstairs .
hekate walked to willows rose garden and turned around in front of the small bench that she usually sat on for thinking .
this , said sally as she pushed the door open , is the garden .
then sally led me out of the garden back to the house .
in its heyday , this garden was the jewel of their grandfathers estate .
i heard his footsteps running across the garden .
she grabs me again like were about to go waltzing round the garden .
i cry out after her as she heads off down my garden path .
it all starts in the rose garden and ends on the break - up bench .
they were on the third floor of the keep , and had two doorways in the room , one to enter by , and a second that led to a balcony that overlooked the garden .
she came to alert me that someone was skulking around in the garden , spying on our rooms !
in the garden , bowregard sputtered as trembleton guffawed loudly enough for the two girls to hear .
she recalled the afternoons blunder , when millie pointed out bowregard in the garden with his friends and the ensuing invitation .
he pointed to the tallest tower of the castle , straight above the garden , with a window seat jutting out , unsupported except for a buttress of stone .
the patients and their families could stroll the paths of the gardens or sit and take in the views .
the gardens were organized into rooms that flowed from one to another .
each patients room in the hospice had a view of a part of the garden , so if any of them happened to look out their window , they would see serenity and beauty .
an old iron garden gate granted entrance .
the sky was clear and blue , while a fresh morning breeze was playfully scattering blossom across the gravel driveway , whipped from the plum trees that grew in the front garden .
he was certain , though , that they were still in the back garden somewhere , probably in or around the garage .
they were still in the back garden .
` ` i just want to look at stuff , things around the house and the garden , close up . ''
alfie sat down on his sisters garden chair positioned by the meeting - shelf , placed his pad and pen on an upper shelf and raised the magnifying glass .
the garden chair flipped over and scraped along the floor .
alfie looked at mr nicholls sweeping his garden path and realised who the other giant was .
asked alfie , sitting down on his sisters child - size garden chair .
mr nicholls was in the front garden still .
the garden was as alfie has expected it to be .
he threw himself into it just as mr nicholls turned the corner of his house and entered the garden .
it had two floors , a big front door with two large bay windows either side and a large garden , though the ground had only , as yet , been marked out for future work .
down from the garden was a large modern barn made out of steel siding .
we entered door seven and walked into a beautiful rose garden setting .
i swung the door open , and the garden was eerily silent .
she hesitated not a second before she backhanded one of her ladies maid while we were for a stroll in the gardens .
i am confined to the house and the gardens .
and the gardens are brownish for some reason ; that makes me in a wilted mood .
another ladies maid came rushing in , yelping at her to get the lilies out of the garden so they could sprinkle them in the water before jyne saw they were nt there .
at ten till two oclock i washed my face and changed my frock to tend jyne while she sat in the garden .
leaving behind the lights of the keep and gardens , i paused to let my eyes adjust to the night .
when i had finished unpacking , i walked over to the windows and drew back the red silk curtains to get a better view of the formal garden .
myy mum says that you want to see the house and gardens .
when she finally stopped to catch her breath , we were outside in the formal gardens .
the garden was bathed in a grey light which saturated the pinks , purples and lavenders of the flower beds making them look like an oil painting .
instead , a bright morning sun illuminated the formal garden .
the formal garden was filled with people .
i gathered my skirts and quietly fled from the garden .
the drizzle from this morning had disappeared and fresh rain - washed sunlight spilled across the gardens of brynmoor , making the flowers and shrubs glisten .
the back garden area is completely covered .
it became clear the next morning when he was in the back garden with a large bundle of wire .
she took a moment to appreciate how the festive red plant enhanced the visual profile of her exquisite mahogany wood table itself positioned perfectly within her spacious , tastefully decorated uptown north york penthouse with such a deft touch that canadian house and garden had featured two magazine layouts of it to date .
gardens are nt exactly your thing , luce , so i just kept that little quirk to myself .
when the sun cleared the garden peninsula , i heard bike tires behind me .
inside , the front garden is covered with pumpkin vines .
its all tidy houses and neat gardens .
i go downstairs and walk around the garden .
we race down the stairs , across the planks in the downstairs corridor and out of the front door , then through the front garden .
we walk back through the gardens to beths house .
one of the walls is a floor to ceiling window that looks out on the gardens .
they arrived in the doormasters back garden just before dark .
shadows stretched across the yard and fireflies floated across the garden .
most of the ground floor walls were still standing , and ben could see the closed entrance to a cellar in the back garden as he entered .
the trees that lined the drive ran directly along the mississippi and gran had , had the most abundant gardens i d ever seen .
if she s not reading or writing , she likes to walk , garden , and sew .
its a small house , a three bedroom bungalow , with a long - reaching garden that seems to disappear into the surrounding countryside .
i peered out the window at the garden as it rushed past .
i took this opportunity to walk to the gardens .
clara quickly broke the tension that had settled on the room by prodding liz into a description of the gardens .
you have a point , she admitted and looked out over the garden again .
they were now exiting the doors leading to the back porch and the garden .
dude , my mind is sooo cool wish i could stay here forever , beth sighed , admiring the splendorous garden .
she crossed the garden and entered the woods at the side of the house , soon leaving the protection of the barrier .
did you check the gardens ?
rhea ushered me to the front door before i could explore more of the garden , a giant gold lion knocker was bolted to the door .
he was leaning casually against the car but he was n't looking at her , he was looking toward her garden and it took every ounce of her willpower not to call him out on it .
my mothers knot garden was just to the right .
i looked up at the east wing of the house , the part that jutted out over the gardens and had a small veranda off one of the upper rooms ; saw ned up there waving down at me .
i squeezed past the open doors and saw the roof below me over the wing of the house that jutted out above the gardens .
the earl and his lady had gone crazy , tearing down the fence and the gardens and nearly destroyed the house , too .
i do nt care , i muttered and slipped through the doorway that opened into the most famous gardens in the americas .
i was too stubborn to call dad or felice so i headed out of the gardens to the south lawn knowing that the security cameras would pick me up .
chapter 43 i dreamed i was walking with felice through the rose gardens in full bloom .
the dock had a wooden ramp that extended to the edge of the lawn where it was met with a stone pathway that wound it 's way through his mother 's gardens up to the back porch of the house .
aran followed ellis as he made his way through the gardens and up to the back porch .
she took careful steps to the garden .
they was havin some doins there , in the house and out in the gardens .
malin nodded his thanks and , accompanied by rilse , circled the house to the back gardens .
lord lindsey rubbed his forehead and rose to his feet , crossing to the windows to gaze at the gardens below .
at the end of the wide hallway was a large parlor that opened into the back gardens .
wide lawns sloped away from each side of the wings of the house , and malin knew that the carefully maintained gardens continued behind the elaborate , massive structure before him .
he could feel the slight breeze coming from the doors in back of him that opened onto the back gardens .
he could just as easily slip out the back into the gardens and go around the house to the front door .
in fact , he decided , the gardens could not be anything but beautiful .
swanleigh was ahead of him , also heading towards the gardens , but trying too hard to make his movements casual , as if he did not want to be noticed .
he found the broad back of someone in front of him and followed the man along the row of chairs and through the far set of outer doors into the gardens .
the gardens were a maze of hedges and paths that wandered beside and through flowers and shrubs , with marble benches interspersed .
in the moonlight the place looked and smelled enchanting , but malin who was nt given to fanciful flights of the imagination , had no time to linger in moonlit gardens .
as malin watched , they stepped through the double garden doors and took the path farthest away from him , swanleighs companion talking away at a great rate , paying no attention to his surroundings .
at tegyn , malin found rilse waiting where he had left him , lolling in front of the garden doors , teasing him .
his uncle seth was a mild old gentleman who never interfered , and the gardens and grounds were wonderful .
jasper , aunt ailas butler , opened the door and ushered him through the central hall , past the small parlor and into the dining room that opened onto the gardens .
beyond , just out of sight , the gardens met up with the woods .
karis had emerged from the back gardens and joined them .
a white bird flew up , circled the chandelier , then flew through the garden doors , which were partly ajar .
it was rilse , in the back garden just past the doors .
he took the lead out into the back garden where a border of trees would leave their movements unseen .
abruptly he rose to his feet and paced nervously around the table to one of the windows , his dark eyes fixed on the back gardens of tegyn .
he said no more , but stormed out of the study , through the double doors , and into the back gardens .
malin turned and gazed out the window , crossing to stand before it , searching the dark gardens , the woods just beyond .
karis joined malin , and they both peered out through the back garden into the darkness .
come , and i will show you , he finished , beginning to head towards a great arch on the far side of the garden .
he made his way toward the car cursing under his breath at the beer bottles strewn around the garden yet again , the one curse of living too close to the domain favoured by the young and not yet the legal drinking age , especially on a thursday , friday and saturday night .
he came to an abrupt halt as he rounded the side of the house , mr . serason was stood on the deck , peering down into the garden and banging what looked like a fork against a tin of cat food and calling for him .
she ran back in the direction she had came only this time bandit was awake and pacing the garden , something had him rattled .
whereas the sky over the garden had been bright and blue , the sky now was gloomy and overcast , heavy dark clouds hanging overhead and only adding to the cold shiver that was running along the back of peytons neck .
at a nearby sandwich bar we got cheese rolls and coffees , then walked through the gardens by the parish church .
come on , tell me what s troubling you , she prompted , and in the privacy of the church gardens , under her insistent gaze , i had to admit to feeling rather like a school - kid who was having it off with the headmasters secretary .
goomer strode over to the window , opened it with difficulty and looked out at the rear of the house , at the overgrown garden with the coach house at the rear and the cathedral beyond .
the garden was too dark for jamies liking .
jamie went back to the front garden and hid in a dark shadow .
he could see a figure in the dark crossing the back garden , then taking the horses reins .
he nodded , we saw them and slipped through the back garden .
tall bookcases filled each wall , and a large desk faced a window overlooking the side garden .
the painting that soothed him the most was from mirandor and showed a lovely garden , surrounded by old stone walls .
i ignored him , could nt hide the large smile on my face , and grinned at the garden spiritsespecially sun .
i suppose subconsciously , i ' ve always wondered why a woman of your intelligence was content to spend so much time working on embroidery and attending tedious garden parties .
i turn around and catch his sling when he tosses it to me from across the garden .
i step into the kitchen that leads to the sitting room and the door to the back garden .
huge bay windows looked over the garden .
i felt a slight twitch , but seeing the garden did nt disorient me this time .
i did nt have much time to think about it , though , because just as carley finished speaking , the roths french doors , which faced the garden , exploded .
lydia was one of them , and when she started to come into the back garden leslie came out of the house and moved to join her .
suddenly i knew where they must be : in the front garden .
cutting behind a garden shed , they came to the end of the garden : an almost bare lawn , dominated by a gnarled apple tree .
without another word , they spun on their heels and sprinted back up the garden .
sis mother brought her guns butt up to her shoulder , aiming it through the window at a police officer rapidly approaching across the garden .
a hailstorm of glass and wood splinters scattered across the garden .
from out on my balcony , i can see nearly the whole back lawn and garden .
i ended up agreeing to clean out the garden shed and some other odd jobs to earn double the money that had already been in the jar .
as the mist twirled and twiddled into and out of the driveways of belmont road , it stayed close to the garden walls .
after the gardens and a short break for a mid - morning snack , the tour continued through a seemingly endless series of staterooms .
she took a look , and there was todd in the garden weeding the flowers .
looking out to the garden further enhanced the familys cheerful mood .
the ever living garden can not be travelled to through buildings of stone .
a girl wandered through the gardens .
bruesio had set the tea out in the garden , on silvios elegantly - chiseled stone table .
all my favorite things in one placemy garden , and you !
but , wil was content where he lived , his surroundings , its gardens and did n't make full use of this natural flair .
its books on the gardens of kyoto and of japan were there to be borrowed , and now , he had a base to build his visit upon .
their palace gardens or retreats open to the public as described on the ticket .
the next week for wil was one of buses , and trains and buses , and walking long walks along streets of homes and photographing their gardens from openings in their walled entries .
their gardens and meanings were becoming lost to him and a sad reflection on their masterful creation and presentation .
its gardens well maintained and someone with a friendly smile there to welcome him .
kandy botanical gardens were nt bad botanical gardens , for wil had seen few .
the botanical gardens were laid out as those in australia , seemingly rigid in their construction , avenues of trees and scrub groupings , landscapes depicting something of man over nature , and not beside nature .
but as such it made perfect use of the slopes , for terraces of garden beds had been set out to stroll beside , including some lawn areas , seating of course and a stream of some sort working its way down through the garden set within a stand of native trees indigenous to the area , the stream adorned by lilies , grasses and shrubs .
his visit was firstly to view the garden proper before walking back to the home .
the garden and home is a reflection of extraordinary complex people leading interesting and somewhat complex lives .
he thought the trees were extending themselves too much , interrupting view lines and cramping the openness of the garden .
but no , lunuganga was located not too far from brief 's garden after weaving their way along winding lanes to a more imposing entry .
both set to frame the view of the lawn and gardens from the courtyard and outdoor living areas .
he watched birds like the hummingbird and some rare parrots move through the gardens of the villas .
wil went for the room with the garden setting , tucked away in a corner with a balcony and chairs , a fishpond .
the fish swimming lazily beneath his balcony and adjoining gardens , fresh and healthy , and it was quiet .
william asked , rubbing the sleep from his eyes as he got from the hammock and stood next to randall in the garden .
each day randall left for the office , and she continued to spend hours in the garden with her books .
the walk to the old house ventured through the garden by way of a forged path around an english roses hedge .
she dropped down wearily on a bench that was in the middle of the hotel gardens .
we lighted a candle , looked at the holy reliefs and took a tour around the garden of the church .
the garden of the world has no limits , except in your mind .
i ' ve set a table with a charming view of the garden . ''
between each pair of houses was a small alleyway , with a wrought iron gate which led into the rear gardens .
bob packed the gun into the attach case as he strode through the back garden and walked fifty metres along a cobbled backstreet onto devonshire drive .
it was beginning to get dark outside , and so i cut through the back garden and climbed over the small fence into mrs catterpoles garden before walking silently beside her house onto her driveway and onto the main road .
* * * ben tyler should have been at home snoozing on the sofa with a stomach full of sunday lunch while his grandkids ran wild in the garden , but instead he was in tottenham working .
there was a large wooden gate painted black that stood to one side and presumably led to the back garden , but this was locked too .
through fences at either side of the front garden i could see the front porches of the neighboursand as i did so i saw an elderly woman looking back at me quite sternly while gripping an umbrella in one hand .
now she stood and went to the window , looking out across her gravelled garden .
in the rose garden darnell walked with canon and hightower .
naylor smiled as thomas walked toward the garden enclosed by a low picket fence .
price watched sue talking to jackson in the garden only for a moment .
the minister would get out of the car and walk less than fifteen metres to the relative safety of the gardens , which were ringed with machine gun toting french police .
it was a warm , welcoming room with a large window that faced the gardens in back .
he moved across to an armchair next to the coffee table in the bay window overlooking the rose garden , taking his cup with him , and heard the disappearing jane say , as she did every morning at about this time , the prime minister will see you now , sir robin .
as his two most trusted colleagues left , he turned to gaze out over the rose garden .
one of the garden room girls had come over with the party , and so would be on the jumbo going back tomorrow if weaver needed to do any dictation .
tony weaver sighed , and stared thoughtfully out of the window , across the rose garden .
cagill took a long breath , still thoughtfully surveying the floodlit gardens and the bay beyond .
because the land sloped slightly , the ground floor led out flat to the back garden .
double french windows looked out onto a quarter acre of immaculately flat lawn ringed with a mix of camellia and hydrangea ; a spreading willow was the gardens centerpiece .
but josette had noticed mrs geisler staring thoughtfully at the garden for a moment .
more bedrooms than they needed , even when they had guests , a study for himself overlooking the garden and the old barn that doubled as a garage .
these men , now well into their fifties , could train or assess the worlds best counter - terrorism teams , yet in hereford they were claiming the dole , sitting in the garden deckchair and slowly wasting away .
the grand garden is my favorite arena , she said .
the gardens were perfect .
on the opposite side of the gardens , in the distance , older students pushed toward a large , looming building that was extravagantly lit .
the gardens were amazing .
i descended the stairs and went out into the back garden but could not see him .
i looked across the overgrown garden before us and towards the west wing .
he finally reached a spacious foyer whose windows gave onto a beautiful garden .
walking along a path of slabstones at the far end of the garden , angelo saw him pope gregory xii .
maybe he will get a chance to enjoy the garden before the four guests came down for breakfast .
not going directly to the house , he first walked down a side street , little more than a narrow and dusty alleyway really , before removing a key from his pocket and unlocking a door set into a garden wall .
almost every house was neat and surrounded by tidy gardens .
he edged towards them ; but the man led malahide out of the room and back into the garden .
at around seven an announcement was made that dinner was to be served in the south garden .
i meant to comment earlier , ms . palin , that your front garden is quite lovely .
through the french windows at the far side of the room was a glassed in patio with deeply upholstered cane furniture and here an older couple were sitting where they could look out over the garden , although at this minute their heads were craned around to see who had come in .
lomax had backed the car right up onto the pavement between two trees and against the rear garden wall of the houses opposite khortas in order to be as inconspicuous as possible .
it had been taken on kirsty 's eighteenth birthday and the four of them were standing in the back garden holding up glasses of champagne with silly grins on their faces .
its gabled roof , the imposing garden , complete with roman statues , and its inviting entrance were more than i had expected .
it was closed by the time we arrived , so raymonde and i walked the garden paths , looking for anything out of the ordinary .
a nonspecific , ordinary house stuck in some dreary british neighbourhood , with an all right garden , the view from its windows never changing was bound to become boring ; nick thought he would grow tired of it , get itchy feet .
he started scouring the garden and house systematically , looking just a bit more like the nick she used to know .
that afternoon , nick had sprung out from under the enormous rhododendrons and ran as fast as his nine - year - old legs could take him past the sodden woman and down the vine - covered archways to the side of the house into the back garden .
and see the house and gardens it sounded quite grand .
as she gazed outside , she noticed that the red rosebushes in the front garden had nt been pruned properly in the autumn .
* * * chapter 18 the chilly morning already carried the sounds of an awakening manhattan , when ian stepped through the landscaped gardens of the company towards the attending limo .
the outdoor reception checked out a couple of early leavers while one of the butlers pulled the luggage on shrieking wheels over the winding garden path .
pieter followed her finger and saw jane coming through the garden in a white linen dress .
this time not with a restored estate , but with a white plastered house that was built like a horse shoe around a lush enclosed garden .
a mahogany edwardian pedestal writing desk sat beneath the bay window facing the manicured gardens at the rear of the property .
the gardens stretched down a series of shallow terraces to a small artificial lake rimmed on three sides by heavy woodland .
his gaze remained on the carefully shaped bushes and well - attended rows of flowers in the garden , while his attention was focused on the sounds on the terrace and inside the chateau .
the shot thundered over him , the sound of the report echoing off the stone terrace and across the gardens , but the round had no chance of hitting lepage .
the crowd blocked his view of the courier , but he was able to track the young man by the disturbance he made among the men and women he shoved and jostled aside as he made his way south toward the more open lawn that ran the length of the gardens .
according to the two gentlemen , dupuy had pursued the courier south across the gardens in the direction of the rue auguste comte .
the vodka winter by timothy everhart chapter one courtain , france may , 1901 modot sat waiting , as he did each afternoon , for the young army officer who would escort him to the walled garden above .
his afternoon visit to the garden was the even upon which his days , and nearly his very existence , revolved around .
he raced back down to the kitchen and shone his torch into the garden directly below the second bedroom window .
this provoked a recap by adams , who reminded everyone that renton had said the figure in the garden looked like friend , but was nothing like as tall .
as he strolled through the gardens he could nt stop thinking about michael and his next target .
and there on the garden veranda , using a new brush and perfumed sumi ink from his rare collection , matsuo noda composed a very elaborate letter , long swirls of black down a perfect sheet of thick , flowered paper hundreds of years old .
she passed through the east gardens watching provincial honeymooners snapping pictures for the parents back home , then worked her way across toward the sakuradamon gate so she could follow the palace moat as she made her circuit back to the hotel .
to accommodate my new calling , i 'd enlarged my operating spacethe back room of the brownstone 's parlor floor , looking out over the garden into a makeshift brokerage office complete with a multi - lined telephone and quote services from s - tron and telerate .
they lingered till the moon was up , then strolled back through the garden wearing their antique wooden clogs .
ben in the meantime was lumbering around downstairs , eyeing the snow - covered garden with an air of disgruntlement .
i warmly invited her downstairs to the sisal - carpeted den just off the garden and dumped some logs in the fireplace .
she rose to her feet , located her shoes , and strolled over to look out at the garden .
two entire mojito floorshows later , john and jane finally managed to edge through the throng to claim a small battered table in a back room that opened onto a sliver of garden hung with christmas lights and chinese lanterns .
her grandson reappeared as she turned to go , and they left by way of the back door , picking their way through the rear garden with its ragged constellation of tables , potted plants , and flagstones .
i watched mental pictures of them flash across the wall in front of me , images of gardens and soft sunlight .
they had arrived late after spending a few hours hanging out at springbrook gardens inn looking to get autographs from the band members .
then again no one in town ever seemed to leave springbrook gardens .
forte followed the butler through a maze of hallways that finally ended in a small parlor overlooking a garden .
she looked at neither of the men as she spoke , her eyes focused at a spot somewhere out in the garden beyond the windows .
freida lamberth had been talking to an episcopal priest in the garden room so he had stepped outside .
from the corner of his eye he caught a movement in the garden room .
except for the darkness , the garden room looked the same as it had earlier in the day , the architecture and fashion magazines fanned out perfectly on the coffee table .
i m not going to send you up the garden path here .
` ` i know the lawns and gardens are a little overgrown , but i m getting to it . ''
summers were spent running round its thousand acre grounds or fishing in one of the three man - made lakes sat within its plush gardens .
countless candles hung in overlapping rows filling the courtyards and gardens with flickering sparks ; irresponsibly dangerous .
i was always also a dog police officer , even if in bourgeois , so i got up me and i crossed the garden , i made to jump a pair of aces of the fence with a heading and i set out me verse of them snarling .
ced pointed to two large pastoral scenes , the central focus of each of which was a fine country house with a lake and gardens .
stephen paced the house and gardens for ten long days , unable to concentrate on anything , hardly taking his food .
it had been a long hot summer and the garden was a riot of colour , choked here and there with clumps of couch grass .
the garden gate was ajar - also unusual .
* the streets were empty , just a mangy fox slipping along the dark hedges bordering the front gardens of tall houses .
frank ate his breakfast beside a large window overlooking the hotel garden .
a grey squirrel ran its jerky way across the thin offshoots at the tip of an oak tree on the far side of the garden , almost falling as it swayed back and forth in its eagerness to reach the next branch .
after locking his bike in the garage , he hurried along the garden path , into the hall and up to the bedroom , where he dug out his best shirt .
he strolled out of the gates to the rose garden and on to the inner circle , walking towards the green bench where chantelle had arranged to meet him .
a man stood on the pavement , holding open the garden gate .
he could picture himself entertaining in the large rear dining room that looked out over the garden ( they would make the windows bigger ) and afterwards summoning the male guests to his private basement bar .
in the summer , if she had no lunchtime meetings , she would make her way down the neat garden and slip through the small wrought iron gate to walk along the embankment and feel that standing on the bank of the thames , she was in the flow of history .
he picked up a heavy top stone from the garden wall , raised it with one arm as if it had no weight , and dropped it onto the officers helmeted head .
instead he pointed beyond the garden wall , where the kid was still sitting in his pedal car , with his mouth open , not moving or making any sound .
matthew stood in the garden for a while , holding a glass of whisky that he never tasted and letting the quiet darkness insulate him from the muffled sounds of voices from inside the house .
dante gardens is a wide , short avenue full of old redbrick mansion blocks , with wide front gardens and wide front doors , and 4 x 4s built to climb the rocky tracks to the berchtesgaden alps jammed up against one another in the flat , smooth street bumper to fat bumper , like botox queens kissing .
it was a much nicer image than those pre - raphaelite horrors in the sitting room at dante gardens .
he thought of the ladies in dante gardens , and wondered how it would sound .
he had the same sensation as he had before , in the box room at dante gardens , of almost being able to touch the girl herself , and yet her being out of his reach .
and just as mystical was the appearance of the peroxide blonde to mrs jermyn - lloyd he never had believed that there was an advertisement , or that she had answered it and of the straight - haired brunette to khalid in a telephone call from a scratched samsung in the box - room at dante gardens .
grabbing it , she brings it out to the yard and hands it to peter , who is snapping close photos of the lawn and garden .
the garden was fragrant and luminous with the arrival of summer and once again i felt swept away with the conviction that i was merely drifting between past seasons and those that were to come .
of course , adam preferred it when we were invited to the connollys house as their garden was the size of a football pitch , but for some unfathomable reason , louisa loved coming to me .
darcy sat perched delicately on a blanket next to our tumble - down fence , manicuring her nails and bethany lounged on the spiky , weed - ridden grass on the other side of the garden , her face hidden by a chunky hard - back book .
he called out over his shoulder and ran into the garden .
i joined them in the garden , standing close to mark but avoiding his eyes .
i ca nt believe its come to this , he spoke quietly , staring into the garden , as if talking to himself , i never thought we d ever grow apart .
my head pivoted towards the garden and i stared in silence , sipping my coffee , all the while acutely aware of marks eyes searching my face .
the patio door was half - open and i stood at the gap watching the four children charge around the garden , where even charlotte was bellowing with laughter .
in michele 's case , it was night over florence , where the moon shone over the boboli gardens .
the house closest to the castle , which he thought was laura , still had the garden lamps turned on .
i looked around at the businessman 's extensive gardens .
even as he watched , the door in the garden wall burst open and an old woman dressed in a nightgown and robe ran out into the field .
there was no sign of further activity at the old house , once the old lady was whisked back through the garden door .
chapter eight the asphalt path ran up alongside the garden wall of the house , fence on the other side .
both men sat looking out over the gardens , both lost in their own thoughts , until mcbride leaped to his feet .
in the centre of the gardens was an ornamental pond , surrounded by reeds .
that reminds me , the guy who set fire to your gallery is buried in murphys back garden , to the left of the outbuildings .
she breathed in a luxurious breath of the garden air and let her toes brush the small stream that giggled through the entire garden .
she breathed in a luxurious breath of the garden air and let her toes brush the small stream that giggled through the entire garden .
old - fashioned , iron garden furniture accentuated the country setting , with a cast - iron table painted white and grouped with four matching chairs .
she strolled through the rose garden and out into a field where she knew she could relax uninterrupted and enjoy the afternoon .
he admires the garden , smiling to himself .
we walked outside , through the individual gardens and towards a small courtyard on the right hand side .
the imperial gardens could easily be a several day tour if you wanted to see everything it had to offer , and they spent hours walking and taking in the cherry blossoms whose already dropped petals carpeted areas of the park .
` ` perhaps i will take a nice walk through the gardens , lovely morning , make sure the groundsmen are doing their job properly . ''
parts of it beautiful , like the gardens and the music ; a great deal of it depressing , like the poverty and the cripples .
beautiful climate and wonderful gardens and lots of things going on .
their deaths was a painful reality check , and once my neighbours had contacted my kids about certain drunken shenanigans i had got up to such as , falling asleep in the back garden , pissing up the garden fence and one evening , starting a fight with a dog walker who did n't pick up his animal 's shit after watching it crap on the pavement , i was ' encouraged ' by my beloved children to sell my house , put the money towards my savings and relax in a lovely place they had found called misty falls .
it was a nervous time for me , and although i was n't entirely convinced he would ever sneak into my room and suffocate me , the look on his face in the garden suggested that if he did lose it , he would n't be responsible for his actions .
i told him , ` ` it could have been anyone from the ground and first floor looking out to the garden . ''
as it continued to run around the garden and occasionally stop to rub its back on the lawn in a desperate attempt to douse the flames , its squeals were waning and its running was developing into a light jog ; it made me feel sick and my heart was pounding quicker than it had done for years .
don , jason and i sat on one of the available wooden benches , and saw seven other residents , five sitting down and the other two taking a stroll around the gardens , losing themselves in their chat .
once we walked through the doors and stepped out onto the garden , we noticed that the weather was n't at its best , but it was dry enough and warm enough to sit outside with a coat on , which we were all wearing .
it is that type of light one finds given off by fireflies as they dance their merry dance down by the river in the eastern gardens , over towards the cloister of st . cribbins .
the way he stealthily crept through the front garden was amazing , keeping low all the time and hardly making a sound .
' dear mr and mrs sugden , his excellency qadi qumas and his exalted wife request the pleasure of your company on saturday for the occasion of a garden party to be held in celebration of their purchase of lyddington manor . '
al gave matt a tour of the house and garden .
matt spun round and left the room , going into the garden and straight to his granddads old punch bag and hit it as hard as he could .
there was simply nothing pleasant about how most of the houses sat almost on the road , little or no gardens and parking laid out with no intent to please the eyes .
foxy , love , i do nt want to sound like a nervous schoolgirl , but i think there s someone hiding in the shrubbery in the back garden .
jake used the plain looking black balcony railing to halt his fall as he stumbled towards an aerial view the crime scene that had previously been his front garden .
he knew that if he followed the road around to the right that he could stop outside the house which faced the opposite direction from his house , with a rear garden that backed onto his own .
he 'd seen the garden from the upper floor of his own house and remembered how it was meticulously laid out by the robinson family .
front gardens had an overgrown look , separated by waist high chain link fencing and old metal gates .
he hunched over and clung to the railing on the balcony , almost involuntarily sending himself flying over the railing to the front garden below .
swiftly he turned around , head down , tossed the flowers over a garden wall and strode quickly away , dreading that she would spot him , call after him .
the garden had really come into it 's own since i had been away ; what with all the care marissa had been giving it .
a busy but well kept tiny front garden completing the scene .
she always cut through the forested area beside the gardens on her way back towards george street .
ben had accepted the part when they met at the gardens , a small knock to the head as an inducement .
cursing , rhyllann ran back downstairs , through the kitchen and out through the back door , making a desperate sweep of the garden .
now she bustled into the garden , hurrying over to check on the baby , sprawled on a rug next to rhyllann , trying to grab fistfuls of hair and shouting with laughter when he succeeded and rhyllann squealed .
aunt dotties house was homely , the garden peaceful , and the cooking excellent .
rhyllann smiled brightly as the tubby policeman puffed into the garden .
a narrow side passage connected the rear garden to the front .
a group of executive style detached houses dwarfed the manicured gardens they stood in .
he crouched , unwilling to climb back through the window unless he had to , looking for suitable hiding place in the garden .
if only of course rhyllann jumped to his feet searching for another way out there had to be a back door the kitchen faced the front , the lounge overlooked the rear garden rushing to the patio doors , feverishly he tugged at the top and bottom catches then pulled at the handle .
seizing the pram 's handle , rhyllann sped back through the patio doors , across the back garden into a service path , and finally they were away down the lane .
to my surprise i saw b out in the garden , lying in a deck chair by the pool , dressed in a lime - green bathing suit and holding some kind of drink .
i walked out of the kitchen and found jorge sitting on a chair in the back garden looking like a ton of bricks just had fallen on him .
all of the lawns and gardens had lost their prettiness .
some of the guys there had visitors , he already knew one or two even dropped in by helicopter , landing on the lawns in the 85 acres of landscaped gardens .
despite the large sign over the door and a couple of benches in the garden ( and a scattering of small plants each held upright by a wooden splint with a tip filed needle - sharp for some illogical reason ) , it was obvious this place was someones converted house .
they had been sat chatting when , somehow , they had been alerted to my presence coming up the garden path .
i was right over the garden at the side of the house .
arton road was where i sat , looking over at my dad 's neat lawn and garden furniture , and a large oak front door .
it jogged over the road , looking left and right like a safety - conscious kid , and went right up to dad 's garden wall .
my fellow americans , the president began , speaking this time from the rose garden .
their attention was now focussed on the entrance to the gardens .
oh , and by the way there are four more in the gardens and two in the room at the rear of the house .
she was a bitch to me , but still ... then you d be dead too and it would nt do armand any good , she went to stand by the backdoor , looking out into the garden , i reckon you two are together now .
a number of children had broken containment and were shrieking up and down the garden path .
she did nt turn around , just lifted the weapon over her head as she marched down the garden path .
when have i ever led you astray or sailed you up the garden path ?
christopher set down the tree he was carrying and removed his leather garden gloves .
not knowing what to do or why , i follow him and we both end up standing in the middle of the rose garden trying to catch our breath .
i even had marissa take a picture of me standing in the rose garden .
the double storied dwelling was casting long shadows across the gardens and intermingling with those from the stables .
the illusion of importance was easy to admire and provided a beguiling backdrop for the garden party in full swing .
he handed over one of his freshly brewed teas and walked from the stove out the back door and across the sunny garden to its edge where he turned and leaned back against the wooden fence - it was an acknowledgment of his seventy years that he even deigned to lean , for he had forever acted as though taking the weight off ones feet during daylight hours was somehow referred to in the seven deadly sins .
from what he could gather , the festivities was centred on the farmhouses front porch and was spilling out into the garden as the buster and the treatment looked for better shots at the bats , squirrels and any other creature that braved the treetops and the night sky in their vicinity .
the animal was running all over the garden and given that its barking coincided with the cracks of rifle fire , it had likely assumed the role of retriever should any creature be dropped .
that did not mean those rifles on the porch and in the garden were best aimed skyward : hope had lived a life of seeking what was out on the very limits and what he had found was that there were always people .
i look around it really is beautiful out here in the rose garden .
he had only made it halfway up the steps to the front door , when two large dobermans bounded towards him from the garden , forcing kerrin to retreat quickly to the safety of his car .
i was in bed already , reading , when henry popped his head round the door and said he was going back to the office '' ` ` an hour or two later , i heard the dogs barking wildly in the garden .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- as kerrin left the house , closing the garden gate behind him , he noticed the blue mazda sitting on the opposite side of the road , about a hundred yards further up the hill .
the room was lit by a pair of tall french doors which he knew would open onto the sun - drenched terrace above the garden .
through the opening ben had a fair view of the garden .
in the middle of the southern side of the garden was a long flight of steps , broken by occasional landings , which led down to a level grassed terrace occupying the centre of the promontory .
just a couple of minutes and he was cautiously peering over the parapet at the garden .
the high wall round the villa garden was about thirty feet away .
in no time , her feet had carried her through the campus to the rose garden .
he looking around at the gardens as if we were deep within enemy territory .
he was seen about the gardens before he took a turn .
georgina led the way round the side of the house , to a part of the garden which was even more wild than the front and sloped down at a very steep angle .
maybe she fell from the deck and rolled down the garden i thought she seemed a bit unsteady on her feet .
i opened the door to the deck and stood for a while looking down at the moonlit garden where storm had died , feeling heavy with sadness and loss and regret that it was now too late to put things right between us .
i found her drinking a mug of tea in the front garden , and she said without preamble look , i m perfectly happy for you to stay on in the flat for as long as you like .
oh , we always called it that , but its nothing grand , just little summerhouse at the top of the garden .
she lifted a geranium pot , scooped up a key , and led the way round to the back of her house , up a set of brick steps to the little wooden shed at the top of the garden .
i tried to pick her up but she gave a cry of pain and ran off down the garden .
as mark was reaching out his arms to embrace me i pulled away and stumbled outside and before i collapsed again i saw that cosmo and francis were hurrying up the garden path .
warm evening sunshine filtering through the trees and shimmering on the distant sea bestowed an air of enchantment upon the brandons garden .
georgina had found the jar lying in the garden about the same time as storm disappeared .
but it was only perpetua , disturbed from her sleep by spot who was bounding up the garden to meet me .
so the big ignorant - booty willard released the garden house from keiths neck .
by noon , joshua had moved twenty cases to the granite walkway that separated the gardens .
the glass garden was nothing but a bold iron structure .
i wandered through the castles impressive interior gardens until i spotted radu sitting on a long stone bench under a well - manicured magnolia tree .
its the gardens .
what little interest the garden may have held had already been long exhausted .
the garden seemed to reach out in all directions , as if it were some immense wonderland of foliage .
all were strategically placed in the garden , and each one was graced with intricate woodwork and tiled roofs that peaked dramatically at the cornices .
as they moved progressively toward the exit , he reiterated his desire to become familiar with the old city in totality , not just the gardens .
i mean , outside of the gardens , there s really not much to see .
weary from walking and holding their breath and dodging gunfire and yesterday 's friends happening up out of the shadows as enemies , they held hands to keep from getting separated and for comfort , creeping through the backyard gardens , around trees and through gates , toward the house where they 'd both been raised .
while she undressed , merry gay bathed with the sweet soap and warm water , staring out the window at the passing horses and riders along the lane behind the garden and fence of her own yard .
roberta had her buckboard pulled up to the garden gate when they got there .
when he arrived at the golf house , he made his way to the side of it , past the sweet chestnut trees , and up the four steps leading to the garden .
once this was done , he got in the van , and began to reverse it back into the garden , parking the back end of the unmarked van just before the front door of the house .
the house door was then closed ; the van pulled out of the garden , the gates closed , and finally , the unmarked van slowly drove away .
alex caught sight of amy sitting on the stone wall along the garden talking with a group of teenagers .
timers that danny probably could n't have located if he needed to had turned on a few discreet lights around the pool and garden area .
for god 's sake , there 's three feet of snow in the f'ing rose garden . ''
they 're waiting for you , aunt marilyn was whispering , her voice rushed and high , in the garden .
what i want to see is the fitzroy gardens clean enough to have a picnic , even after midnight .
the last envelope i opened contained two reserved tickets to madison square garden for the heavyweight championship fight being held the following night .
it lit the whole garden in a rosy light that shone directly onto the steps and door of the villa .
may was a glorious time in the city , with rare sunshine bringing the city outdoors , punting on the river cherwell and lazing in the botanical gardens .
the back garden was another lawn , with a small shed and a rockery at the back , by the tall wrought - iron fence that protected the island from intruders .
when he got round the back of zeus , he saw that all the houses on the golf course had long , sloping gardens that , like the spokes of a wheel , connected to a central hub , a walled area of grass with a boating lake and various buildings made of logs .
then she looked back the way they had come , and looked at the fence at the back of the garden , and looked at the garden shed .
along the edge of king 's back garden was a row of conifers twice her height .
he completed a circle around the garden then moved to the door and listened .
a few minutes after that , they emerged into the back garden .
it must have stopped at the house whose rear garden gate he 'd just passed .
she climbed the fence and scooted across the garden .
they went across the road at a trot and into the garden of number forty one , jostled for position so they could move down the narrow area between the wall and the fence , and trampled single - file through the gate and into the back garden .
the houses had no fences , no front gardens .
the garden was ruined , as if ... ` ` holy shit , '' he said as the next house slid into view .
she climbed the fence and dropped into the back garden , but by then jacobs 's henchman was rushing towards her .
he bolted across the grass and between the two houses , where his henchman was in the back garden , moving towards the back door , from which smoke emerged .
the front garden was small but running riot ; a virtual jungle , doing its utmost to bury the cottage , but you could tell it could all be beautiful again .
it was a beautiful room , not as small as she thought it might be , with two windows one on each outside wall and a set of french doors leading to the garden .
she walked over to the nearest window and the view of the overgrown garden took her breath away .
there was nothing to sit on so she walked over to the windows , leaned against the windowsill and looked out at the garden .
there was a blueish mist hovering over the garden .
beside him , a window threw bright light across the garden , illuminating shrunken shrubs and leafless trees .
muttered toby to himself , as he found the gate of the fine upstanding house and turned down the garden path .
orell flumped over the front steps as toby heaved him over them , to lay him in the garden trampled flat by braying deputies the night before .
the states attorney stood and described them as , like remnants of a nuns and nazis fancy dress party , cast aside in the hosts back garden and found the next morning by the pool .
he was usually looked after by john , my fathers brother who lived nearby , and when we arrived grandfather was already sitting in the sunny back garden facing north and away from the house and the street of houses behind him .
while my mother and john continually wheeled him in and out of the house through the french windows , bumping his glasses off his nose each time he mounted the little step , we passed a pleasant afternoon exploring the house and garden and drinking ginger beer with our mouths full of salmon sandwiches .
he had been a writer , a journalist at the turn of the century , publishing a few obscure books on gardening and the history of hertfordshire , before later becoming a local newspaper editor and ending his days writing a weekly column about hertfordshire , its history , and gardens .
just before we left wales i was standing in the lounge one day , with a cup of tea , looking out of the window at the beautiful garden under the bright july sun , when i noticed the little bronze figurine from bulgaria standing on the sill .
an old black , white and brown cat sat licking its paw on a wall around the front garden and glanced at us blankly as we drove by .
it was the garden of eden scene but as well as a snake , there was a wolf behind the legs of adam , looking up adoringly to its master .
he rang the doorbell of the large double - fronted georgian house , one of a terrace , directly on the street , no garden at the front .
the house was totally detached , garden at either side , but only by about eight feet .
chapter nine the front door flew open as soon as faye touched the garden gate .
louise cast her eyes around the tea garden , wishing faye would speak more softly .
they looked in his garage and attic and his dads garden shed , and they found enough stolen goods to open a small shop .
sinking onto the bottom step of the staircase kip rayburn looked up into the night sky , then out toward the gardens .
the gardens were manicured .
the lovely gardens took my breath away , but i could nt find the peace i wanted so badly .
unlocking the garden gate , i walked cautiously to back of the house looking for anyone ready to waylay me .
waving her hand at the rugs , the hangings , the garden , helen said , ` ` holtzman electric has done pretty well this last year .
several days later , president davis wanted some fresh air , and the beautiful whitehouse lawn and gardens relaxed and soothed him .
maggie says nothing and continues to stare out of the conservatory windows at the green blur of garden .
their coats flap in a breeze which clearly gets funnelled through the hospital buildings and swirls around the garden .
at the top of the stairs he has installed a wrought iron garden gate , which is six foot tall and secured against a similarly heavy metal door frame with a padlock .
he reaches the far edge of the garden of the last cottage .
` ` i thought we 'd take a stroll round to the back garden .
more like a blocky russian - built monolith with a tacked on ornamental frieze and a well - pruned garden .
the eight screens covered a surprising range : she could see every angle outside the front of the house , in the back garden and even in the porch .
many of the screens were useless : three showed the back garden , one showed the porch and two more showed the front of the house at unusable angles .
to the east of the gardens several white marquees had been assembled in order to accommodate the dining needs of the various invited guests on this inauguration day , the canvas tents looking like small , neat napkins orderly placed on a large , colourful dining cloth from the viewers lofty vantage point .
in actual fact , it was a perfectly pleasant morning : a lot of guests had been in the same situation as me and had turned up early , but the caterers had foreseen this eventuality and a steady supply of food and drink was forthcoming ; the weather was good , the gardens surrounding the new building provided a conducive environment for whiling away several relaxing hours ; there was the promise of some entertainment later on - i understood that there was to be a demonstration of le parkour , no doubt by a mad frenchman , across the rooftops of the buildings at the base of the wendelson building , and that a group of abseilers were planning to lower themselves from the fifteenth floor viewing platform - all in all , the day held the promise of being interesting , and recognising that i was only a minor league player amongst the invited company , and having no official involvement in the days events , i was looking forward to switching off from thoughts of business , having a few glasses of good champagne , and enjoying myself .
sasha looked out the window , watching the people wandering around the gardens .
the house was a lovely little bungalow near to parnell park ; with roses round the door and pottery animals in the front garden .
what patty would have given to grow up in a lovely house like this ; with french doors leading out onto a beautiful garden , and blissful , wonderful peace and quiet .
pritchard lived in one of those little streets that lead off from lavender hill , with neat pavements and laburnum trees and boxy front gardens , one of those effortlessly well - heeled streets where everybody tends their flowerbeds and recycles their rubbish along with their ideas and their conversation .
she talked quietly , not necessarily to me , but to the garden in general .
beyond the garden was a small , shaded strip of grass , too narrow to play catch on , and thus good for nothing .
` ` a painted house '' at the corner , facing the garden and out of view of everyone , someone had painted a portion of the bottom board .
she took a step back , then left the garden .
i could hear my parents talking in the garden .
he insisted that jake view his rose garden , and they spent an hour in the sprawling rear lawn admiring his honor 's flow- ers .
it was honor who invited grace to the garden party where she first met lenny brookstein .
at the bottom of the garden were four guest cottages , charming , wisteria - clad dollhouses in white wood , each with its own miniature front yard and white picket fence .
le cocon was a vast house , a maze of corridors and bedrooms and little hidden gardens and terraces .
the library and the study faced inward , toward le cocon 's small central courtyard , but the dining and living rooms opened onto the main garden , each with a set of french doors .
the drawing - room doors were open to the garden .
she saw him from behind , walking out into the garden , still in his pajamas and bathrobe .
the second man was turned three - quarters away from grace , facing the garden rather than back toward the house .
mitch connors was running through the drawing room toward the garden , his blond hair stuck to his forehead with sweat , his gun drawn .
langdon could now see the end of the tuileries gardens , marked by a giant stone archway .
complete with two rectangular lakes and gardens designed by le nandocirc ; tre , chateau villette was more of a modest castle than a mansion .
the coarse facade stood in stark juxtaposition to the immaculately landscaped gardens and glassy pond .
they would certainly have a clear view of the garden from in here .
place yourself in sauniere 's mind , he urged , gazing outward now into college garden .
langdon had already made his decision several minutes ago , while standing alone at the window overlooking college garden .
he was staring out through the bulletproof windows at the darkness settling over the garden .
i found her in the back garden .
she went around and around the long buffet table that was set up on the back lawn near the rose garden , visitin and laughin with all her friends -most of em from baltimore , judgin by the look n sound - but she was different that day than she had been durin the week leadin up to the eclipse .
' he come downstairs about nine - thirty , went out back in the garden , walkin slow and kinda holdin his head , but at least up , which is more than you c'n say for the rest of em .
he glanced north of where the palace gardens ended and found the park lane hilton .
he walked across the broad boulevard and through the gardens to the h '' tel splendide .
the fashionable part of the restaurant was beside the wide crescent of window built out like the broad stern of a ship over the hotel gardens , but bond had chosen a table in one of the mirrored alcoves at the back of the great room .
tiger would regard it as dishonourable to lead you up the garden path and then pull the rug out from under you with a flat refusal .
he said , ' doctor shatterhand 's garden is indeed a lovesome thing , god wot . '
luna , his colored housekeeper , came out into the garden and announced ` ` gemmun to see you , major . ''
it was just a question whether he would turn down the private entrance into kensington palace gardens , where the first mansion on the left is the massive building of the soviet embassy .
the jagged shadow of a man - of - war bird floated across the green bahama grass of the lawn as it sailed on the air currents up the coast to some distant colony , and a slate - blue kingfisher chattered angrily as it saw the man sitting in the chair in the garden .
a blue and green dragon - fly flashed out from among the rose bushes at the end of the garden and hovered in mid - air a few inches above the base of the man 's spine .
the dragon - fly flashed away through the roses and over the jagged glass on top of the high garden wall .
on the garden side the flat pink - washed facade was pierced by four iron - framed windows and by a central glass door leading on to a small square of pale green glazed tiles .
the sound reached impatiently out into the quiet garden .
bond , the beretta held uncertainly in his hand , followed slowly in the wake of kerim towards the wide breach that had been blown out of the garden wall , and wondered what the hell was going on .
the end i i hear you loud and clear punctually at six o'clock the sun set with a last yellow flash behind the blue mountains , a wave of violet shadow poured down richmond road , and the crickets and tree frogs in the fine gardens began to zing and tinkle .
the words were still ringing in bond 's brain the next day as he sat on his balcony and ate a delicious breakfast and gazed out across the riot of tropkal gardens to kingston , five miles below him .
twelve storeys down the formal gardens , dotted with palm trees and beds of bright croton and traced with neat gravel walks between avenues of bougainvillaea , were rich and dull .
the havelocks were now sitting on the deep veranda of the central block facing the gently sloping garden beyond which a vast tumbling jungle vista stretched away twenty miles to the sea .
on the garden side was a stone flagged terrace with a flowered border , and beyond this two or three acres of trim lawn stretched down to the edge of the small lake .
bond remembered that the larger photograph had shown a tennis court in the garden and on the other side of the road the trim white fences and grazing horses of a stud farm .
von hammerstein was lying back among the cushions of an outdoor couch reading a newspaper and occasionally commenting to major gonzales , who sat astride an iron garden chair near his feet .
the gunmen stood with their guns cradled in their arms and occasionally one of them would glance round the garden or towards the house .
i 'll walk through the garden with you and see that the sentry lets you out . ''
they walked slowly through the long rooms and down the broad steps to the garden .
the garden 's carderock gazebo -- known as shadow house -- sits elegantly amid meandering pathways of stones dug from george washington 's private quarry .
tonight the silence of the gardens was broken by a young man who rushed through the wooden gate , shouting as he came .
chapter 67 west of embassy row , all was silent again inside the walled garden with its twelfth - century roses and shadow house gazebo .
they moved past the garden , directly toward the magnificent building to which they had been summoned .
simkins followed his navigator , and moments later , langdon had pointed out a nearly invisible , unpaved access road that bisected the gardens behind the house of the temple .
they walked around the garden , in circles .
more important , traversing the boboli gardens would eventually lead them to the palazzo pitti , the stone citadel that once housed the main seat of the medici grand duchy , and whose 140 rooms remained one of florence 's most frequented tourist attractions .
langdon motioned as calmly as possible to the high wall that enclosed the gardens .
the boboli gardens had enjoyed the exceptional design talents of niccolo tribolo , giorgio vasari , and bernardo buontalenti - a brain trust of aesthetic talent that had created on this 111 - acre canvas a walkable masterpiece .
as the drone buzzed away toward the far end of the gardens , langdon used his foot to erase the letters he 'd written on the pathway and then hurried after sienna .
if he and sienna could reach the pitti palace and exit the gardens , then the old city was just a short walk across the most famous footbridge in the world - the ponte vecchio .
which way out of the gardens ?
while it was sprawling and intricate , with plenty of hiding places , the gardens also appeared to be surrounded on all sides by high walls .
she and langdon found the same narrow tunnel through which they had descended from the gardens and without hesitation plunged back into the passageway and bounded up the stairs .
it stretched nearly a full kilometer from the eastern corner of the boboli gardens to the heart of the old palace itself , crossing the ponte vecchio and snaking through the uffizi gallery in between .
it 's a spectacular art gallery that stretches all the way from the palazzo vecchio to the northeast corner of the boboli gardens . ''
it was flying toward the palazzo vecchio from the direction of the boboli gardens .
alec had an elegant four - story town house in wilton crescent , off knightsbridge , with a lovely drawing room , a study , a large dining room , and at the back of the house , a picture window that overlooked a grotto , with a waterfall and statues and white benches set amid a beautiful formal garden .
from her table , lexi could see the formal monastery gardens with their box hedges and gravel paths .
beyond the gardens lay the distinctive terra - cotta rooftops of florence , spread out like a blanket in the warm , rosemary - scented evening air .
opening onto the gardens , it had its own private terrace as well as a study and separate living room , complete with antique italian furniture and roaring log fire .
it was a calming room , painted a restful sky - blue , with a large window overlooking the gardens .
the gardens and lawns he tended 102 were the loveliest in hobe sound .
demiris walked over to a window and stared out at the impeccably manicured garden .
there was a low stone wall that overlooked the gardens twenty feet below .
tanner pressed a button , and on a huge screen appeared a picture of a massive pink palace with ceremonial guards standing watch while its lush , beautiful gardens glimmered in the bright sunlight .
a picture of the massive pink palace and its beautiful gardens flashed on again , but this time heavy rains were pouring down , and the sky was ablaze with thunder and lightning .
the pidce de rdsistance was the ballroom , built near the garden .
the master bedroom was lovely , with a queen - size bed with a goose - down comforter , two couches before a fireplace , a dressing table , and a wonderful view of the garden .
in the large formal gardens were statues by rodin , augustus saint - gaudens and maillol .
` ` tony , before your phone call comes in , why do n't you show miss wyatt the gardens ? ''
alexandra was in the garden reading .
` ` would you show me the gardens ? ''
they stood in the rose garden , with three dozen other television and newspaper reporters .
the following week we gave up the house with the swimming pool and the beautiful gardens , and i rented an apartment for us .
an elegant garden led back to a stone veranda , italian wrought iron separating tables and chairs from grass .
he 'd intentionally chosen a room on the third floor , street side , passing on the more luxurious and expensive garden side .
beyond the panes came light and what appeared to be a garden scene .
he had glanced up before and had noticed the roof gardens before , relating them to a gracious garden several blocks away towards the park , beyond a pair of elegant french doors at the far end of a large ... complicated ... room .
the president jumped to his feet and walked to the windows overlooking the rose garden .
the sound of falling water echoed through the garden .
eight stood scattered across the estate gardens , all erected in 1784 by the then earl , thomas bainbridge .
but he 'd ended any further hunting by tossing the watch into a row of box hedges that lined the cloister garden .
his windows were shuttered against the bright beijing day and the magnificent gardens of zhongnanhai .
it was an elaborate , nineteenth - century english garden with narrow paths winding among rosebushes and immaculate flower beds , elaborate topiary , quaint benches , a gazebo , and even a lawn for croquet and bowling .
the garden gave less cover in the ghostly moonlight , but the grotesque shadows cast by the topiary would serve well enough .
with a jolt of adrenaline , he sprinted back to the master bedroom and peered out the rear windows at the formal english garden .
the president stood at the windows of the oval office , looking out over the rose garden , his back to the distraught admiral brose .
decades ago , ambler had once been told , members of the lost generation snatched doves at the luxembourg gardens in order to fend off hunger .
the gardens , in the best french manner , were formally arrayed , the trees in geometric patterns .
it took ambler several minutes to locate the man with binoculars who was watching the scene from a window in one of the elegant apartment buildings overlooking the gardens .
the garden terrace of the gartenhof restaurant belonged to an older , far more graceful era , when string quartets accompanied fine dinners superbly served and all dishes were carried by hands encased in pure white gloves .
there 's a big stone building atthe university beautiful place , a restored palaceactually with a layout of gardens you do n't seevery often .
beyondthe path the winding gardens of august possessed aneerie elegance circles of sleeping flowers , theirbeauty heightened by the moonlight .
i , lieutenant u g. ) william michael landis , us.navy , a bachelor , age twenty - eight ; current address , somerset garden apartments , vienna , virginia , am acomputer programmer for the department of the navy , sea - armament 's procurements division , stationed atthe pentagon , arlington virginia .
` ` my garden is but a miserable patch of earth . ''
after a short interval , bourne rose , strolling through the garden as if admiring it .
in this fashion , he made his way through the same archway , stood on the garden side of the screen .
bourne turned , went silently back through the garden , swiftly down the side corridor and out of the hammam .
batt headed back out of the rose garden .
the garden was an octagon embraced by the sturdy arms of the house .
at that moment fausto appeared from a doorway on the other side of the garden , his gun aimed at bourne , who pressed his thumb into hererra 's adam 's apple and said , ' i have no desire to hurt you , but i will know who tried to kill me on bali . '
after hesitating for a moment , moira drank off the last of her sangria and , rising , followed barbara down past the tennis court , toward the gardens .
not in size or strength or elegance , nor in the beauty of its gardens , which were rather more extensive than many of its neighbours ' , nor in the impressiveness of its front gate and the height of the stone wall bordering the grounds .
part of what made it seem different was the sense of isolation that surrounded it , especially at night when only a few lights burned in the numerous rooms and no sounds came from the windows or the gardens .
the laughter of racing children peeled across the gardens , and the major held his place by the entrance gate .
marie raced around the far end of the bushes , then dashed across the grass to join a foursome on the gravel path that led out of the gardens .
it was 11:35 in the morning , the sun streaming through the large bay window overlooking the garden .
roared jason bourne as the wall blew apart beyond the stately gardens filled with rows of lilacs and roses .
it 's about sixty feet from the house and there 's a pair of doors- ' bourne closed his eyes in angry futility as a series of seemingly unending spurts of rifle fire filled the rear gardens .
with his club foot the silhouetted figure kicked down the left frame of the french doors and awkwardly walked down the three steps to the short flagstone patio fronting the once stately gardens .
the minister listened as his aides came and went from the garden bringing news of the latest developments and timidly offered advice , which was withdrawn instantly at the first sign of displeasure .
shouted a young man , racing into the garden , holding a teletyped photograph .
he had been shot at in the past on one of the terraces ; there had been gunfire and men running down the endless stone steps , intermittently obscured by the huge gilded statues and the great sprays of the fountains , disappearing into the formal gardens , finally out of sight , out of range .
the windows that overlooked the rose garden were black .
beyond the windows was a garden , lying fallow .
he speculated about the kids and the garden hose , and showed harry the virginia slims cigarette butts found under the tree .
mcauliff swallowed , blanched , and waved his hand - a little too obviously , he felt - in the direction of hatton garden .
the man walked swiftly away , into the night mist toward hatton garden .
' someone had to tend your gardens , madame . '
president berquist 's gaze drifted to the window , which gave a view of the gardens in the rear of the estate .
in the moonlight , it was possible to make out the italian - style formal garden , a rectilinear maze of clipped yew and box hedges .
it was impossible for her to walk through the garden and ignore the details .
the gardens were sculptured and bursting with color , the lawns greener than a brown cat 's eyes , the great house and the stables washed in white , the horses curried until they glistened .
it was a glorious day , music in the gardens , enormous tables heaped with delicacies , and much wine .
the gardens were officially closed to the public ; only rome 's most beautiful people were invited to the festa villa d'este .
also , it was likely that the extrovert don carlo was simply impressing her with the extraordinary beauty of the paravacini estate with its numerous fountains , its ancient and modern statuary , and the rows of gardens , exploding with color .
` ` walk out the west entrance as if you 're about to stroll around the gardens .
smith walked to it , knocked , and when a guttural ` ` come in '' sounded , he opened the door and stepped into a sunny room with a large window and a view of tangled , blooming gardens that monet would have liked to paint .
he was rail thin , his back turned to smith as he stared out at the watercolor - perfect gardens .
the sky was so dismal and gray with rain he could not see beyond the rose garden , which did not improve his frame of mind .
no one worked or strolled in the gardens , and no one sat in the blue , wrought - iron furniture that was arranged artistically on the long terrace .
they sat in a private room at le grand vefour , overlooking the palais royal gardens .
kent , england at his country estate in westerham , kent , sir edward downey , the retired prime minister of england , was in the middle of a game of chess in the rose garden with his grandson when the telephone rang .
beyond the garden , dusk was beginning to take hold .
like the engine on the boat , just beyond the garden to her right , which should be there by now .
he plowed his way through the hedge and entered the garden .
but he 'd insisted that comfort not be sacrificed for magnificence , so he 'd included a theater , cozy parlors , private bedrooms , baths , and the garden .
she led the crew chief around the garden , explaining what had to be done , and then she ducked back inside the house before the roar of the mowers started up .
that road would take him straight down to the botanical gardens , which was a place he had never been , and a place he was pretty keen to visit .
he turned back from the garden to face her .
` ` i believed the botanical gardens existed .
what made you look in the botanical gardens ? ''
a boy from somewhere in the midwest trying a french accent greeted them warmly and showed them to a table in a candlelit porch overlooking the rear garden .
the house had a front garden with a white picket fence .
charlie was looking over his shoulder at the burning line of cars , the convulsed body in the garden , and the manders house , which was crowned with fire .
the address qualtrough left at the chess club was in menlove gardens east .
like a ghost i made my way across the gardens and into the main building , where i hugged the walls along the perimeter of the courtyard .
they had a high - walled garden , and , despite the trees , bushes , and foliage in full bloom , parts of it were visible from my schoolroom window , so i could see the dawson girls outside .
i 'd catch sight of them from the window sometimes , running along their garden or being shepherded into carriages at the front of the mansions .
then , one day shortly before my eighth birthday , i was in the garden , strolling along the perimeter and dragging a stick along the crumbling red brick of the high garden wall .
as i stood there , i realized that , for most of my adult life , when i 'd thought of ` ` home , '' i 'd pictured myself staring out of a window , either over the gardens of queen anne 's square or the grounds of the chateau .
on the edge of the turret 's outer wall , looking down at the garden , was the large stone statue of an eagle , wings folded , but so lifelike that it appeared to be about to take flight and swoop down on some unsuspecting prey .
but before he rested , a sudden doubt assailed him , and he scanned the garden below .
they made their way unchallenged to the castle gardens .
he stopped at the doorway to the garden .
once again the garden rang to the chimes of crashing steel - and as the copies fell beneath altair 's blade they vanished .
then the apple was enveloped by a corona of light that spread outwards until altair saw that he was looking at a globe , a huge globe , that hung in the still air of the garden , slowly spinning and radiating warm , golden light .
the walkway was deserted , but the garden was not .
putting on a melancholy expression , he slipped away across the garden and vanished through a door set into the wall on the far side .
well , if she had any more guards concealed in the garden , ezio would give them short shrift .
he slipped through the garden toward the pope 's apartments and , since the single entrance was heavily guarded and he did not want to draw attention to himself - it would n't be long before the bodies of the guards he 'd killed downstairs were discovered - he found a place where he could climb to one of the principal windows of the building unobtrusively .
2 the office of giovanni auditore was on the first floor , and overlooked the gardens behind the palazzo through two sets of double windows which opened on to one broad balcony .
the garden was a pleasant place , sunlit and lush , and birds chirruped in the ornamental trees , but in ezio 's mind it became a labyrinth of unfriendly city streets , a potential enemy in every passerby .
pulling his hood up over his head and using the new techniques of upward leaping which rosa and franco had taught him , he stormed up the outer walls of the palazzo , silent as a shadow and drawing less attention , until he was on its roof and looking down into its garden .
ezio drew in his breath sharply at the mention of his father 's name , but continued to pursue his quarry as emilio and his secretary made their way to his office , selected papers , packed them , and returned to the little jetty by the garden gate where another , larger gondola was now awaiting its master .
i ' ve looked out on the public garden from other vantage points before , without a tie , and never felt at a loss , but maybe the ritz knows something i do n't .
i stood on the plush carpet as the heavy door closed softly behind me , and spotted them at a rear table , facing the garden .
and then i looked out on beacon and saw the one thing that had n't depressed me in the last five minutes - angie idling by the garden in our brown crown victoria .
the sound might have come from the hedges but it was hard to be sure with the surf raging just twenty yards away on the other side of the garden .
inside were her dirty clothes and the handkerchief we 'd used to wipe her prints from the handles of the hoe and the garden shears .
police were said to be baffled by both the dead valet in the garden and evidence that both father and daughter had been bound to chairs before they killed each other .
beside the garden was a wooden porch swing hanging from metal posts and a rod that had once supported a clothesline .
the gardens were immaculate , and if the rest of the castle was decorated as sumptuously as his bedroom , then this kinevane was a testament to luxury .
in the darkest part of the front garden though it was , she could still make out that it was hunkered down to the ground , looking oddly flat and wide .
` ` you did n't ask why i love cats , '' he commented finally when she continued to ignore him and began to move toward the window to peer into the gardens behind the house , dedicated to anything and everything to do with cats .
magnus had an open invitation to wander the gardens or entertain himself there anytime he chose .
many people went to the garden for a ` ` chance encounter '' amongst the topiaries .
those gardens had been lovely once .
freya sat in the window seat , looking out through mullioned windows over what once were the formal gardens .
a fox trotted over the meadow beyond the gardens that stretched down to the cliffs and the sea .
he settled on a bedroom in the main block that overlooked the gardens in the back , just as hers did from the ruined side wing .
freya sat in her room on the window seat , looking out over the night garden .
she made some remark while looking at the calves and smiling.then she and gavin turned and strolled backthrough the kitchen garden .
or not , i thought , eyes going to the garden window .
but as they darted over the garden , shrieks of fear rang out .
high above the garden , i could hear jenks 's children filling the world with their grief .
the garden was almost silent .
his children were in the garden , silent .
to anyone else , it 'd look like she and ceri were doing some garden burning , oblivious to the funeral and the fairies scattered in the garden like , well , fairies .
jenks looked across the garden to the sound of his children .
jenks 's family was in mourning , and the garden seemed empty .
four robust - looking young men were heading purposeful y in their direction across the garden .
in a whirl of dark cloak , he leapt over a row of topiary deer and disappeared into the gardens beyond .
granny was already running down her garden path .
in the moonlight she saw the pale upturned face waiting in the shadows of the garden as she came in to land .
she was amazed that the whine from it could n't be heard all round the garden .
a few drops of rain spattered across the garden .
as something in the back corner near a garden shed shifted , my heart seized .
the wallpaper was striped , and the garden through the window had a roman feel . ''
let us say , instead , that you are both visiting vauxhall gardens of an evening . ''
i scrambled over the gate , scraping my belly on the tops of the pickets in the process , then made my way around to the back garden .
they always met in the garden if they 'd been separated for the day , but she could n't find her brother anywhere .
i remember thinking i wanted to show father mulligan the plans again because i was worried about a series of steps and a ramp leading to the gardens from the west side .
it was beautiful , all windows opening out onto a huge garden .
the moment she was at a safe distance from him , he glided through the kitchen and out into the garden .
snapping a leash on the puppy , he opened the door and rushed into the garden .
the garden was beautiful , colors exploding even in the night air .
it is n't just a fantastic house with a great garden . ''
flowers was in the back garden .
i ' ve shown them into the garden room . ''
she laid josef in the garden bed , uncaring that she squashed her grandfather 's flowers .
she could seethe garden .
the garden was empty .
` ` it all comes down to what 's in the garden , '' shesaid out loud .
i ' m not sure i believe i ' m doing this , marylynnette thought as she reached the hedge that surrounded the garden .
every time one of the sisters glanced around the garden , mary - lynnette 's heart skipped a beat .
michael stood at the window now and watched as sarah came through the garden gate , pausing on the other side as if to get her bearings .
what internal battle she had to wage before she could continue across the garden to his office .
michael watched her move across the garden , and a few moments later , the door to the outer office opened and closed .
turning , he surveyed his ravished garden .
the banana trees would shed their brown leaves like a snake sloughing off dead skin , and wisteria would hang like a heavy curtain over the garden walls , perfuming the evening air with a nostalgic scent that always took him back to his days in the seminary .
pausing for only a split second , michael walked through the gate and quickly crossed the garden .
tall and imposing even in the dark , it was the kind of place that was envied and admired , the kind of house that strangers stopped to stare at , especially in the summer when the gardens were in full bloom .
michael garrett had told sean when they spoke earlier to come through the garden and up the back stairs where he would be waiting in his office .
a man stood at the window staring down into the garden .
` ` have n't seen the garden yet , have you , sherlock ? ''
his attention went to his kids , and he zoomed across the garden to rescue the butterfly they were fighting over .
i dumped my last swallow of coffee down the sink , gazing uncomfortably into the garden , bright with the early afternoon sun .
' come stroll among the spectacular private gardens of councilman trenton kalamack , ' ` ` i read aloud . ` `
somehow we had left the public gardens behind .
` ` thank you , '' she whispered before vanishing through the window and into the dark garden .
she 's flitting over the garden as if she 's on brimstone , laughing and crying all at the same time .
it was fully dark outside , and i could see tiny flashes of light as jenks 's family patrolled the garden .
the damp night air breezed in past the curtains , and i stared past the dark garden and into the graveyard , waiting for the black spots to go away .
the gardens were empty because it was the full moon and they were closed for heavy maintenance .
but then the delighted little giggle came again , carrying on the breeze from somewhere in the vast garden courtyard beyond .
` ` just a second , '' she called to him from within the cover of the gardens .
the gazebo and gardens .
when the minute hand finally clicked onto seven forty - five , i pulled the shadows around me , then leapt the fence and raced across the well - manicured garden , around to the bedroom balcony .
sophronia took off after monique , who had slipped gracefully away from her crowd of admirers on the arm of an impressive gentleman and out into the back garden .
behind her sophronia swore she could see the dandy and the pickleman skulking in the garden shadows .
no one knew why the beautiful miss pelouse had stripped , rolled about in the garden , and then chucked a cheese pie at the youngest temminnick girl before being taken away in floods of tears , but it was surely the highlight of a most enjoyable evening .
she whispered , her voice matching the iced - over garden , crystalline and pure .
there was one sliding window overlooking the snowy garden and graveyard , and my beta , mr .
i glanced out the window to the snowy gray garden and the tombstones beyond .
beyond it was a stunning vista of trent 's private , snow - slumped gardens .
damn garden fairies .
if i could n't keep jenks 's garden intact , i did n't deserve the title .
the faire of garden fairies fled to a corner of the graveyard , hovering and dancing in a belligerent display over the dandelions almost a street away .
jenks was on the sill , his back to me as he looked into the wet garden , and kisten was sitting in my chair , his legs stretched to poke out past the corner of the table .
his breath caught when he saw the garden through the window .
jenks stood beside me , whispering , ` ` what in tink 's garden of sin is he doing ? ''
the one window overlooked the garden and graveyard , making a comfortable mix of my earthy spelling supplies and ivy 's computer and tight organization .
nodding , i looked into the damp garden , shadowed into an early dusk from the clouds .
he nodded and flitted up to the ladle , his favorite spot in the kitchen , where he could see me , the door , and a good slice of the garden .
i heard the cat door squeak , and from the garden came a high - pitched cheer .
i smelled the oil he used to clean his garden sword , and i was n't surprised he had bared the lethal blade .
sliding down from the counter , i looked past ceri to the dark garden lit with the occasional flicker of pixy dust .
the sound of pixies laughing in the garden assured me everything was fine .
my worried gaze went to the blue - curtained window above the sink and the sunlit garden beyond .
ceri sipped her tea , her eyes focused on the sunlit garden .
nodding , i glanced into the garden following a flash of motion .
barry was wandering around the garden , poking under rocks with a stick in a miserable kind of way .
the two boys we had seen earlier appeared at the garden gate , which suddenly flew right off its hinges and landed on top of the hedge .
it went like this : things that aunt tabby will not like when she comes home one garden gate thrown on top of the hedge one dead spider plant one house full of bats one bedroom full of clothes thrown everywhere five smashed picture frames at least two dozen moldy curtains strewn around the house ditto books ditto flowerpots one smashed - up chest hundreds of old tennis balls one kitchen ceiling covered in food it did not look good .
sir horace clanked off down the garden path and out past the gate - that - was stuck - on - top - of - the - hedge .
and now , as we walked past the gate stuck on top of the hedge and up the garden path to a dark spookie house , i felt as gloomy as uncle drac .
i spun in an angry circle and stared out at the garden through the shoulder - high windows .
leaning to the window over the sink , i shouted out into the lavish , pixy - tended garden , ` ` jenks ! ''
` ` welcome home , bob , '' i murmured , dumping the canister into ivy 's black garden tub .
i turned back to the window and the garden .
trent 's renowned walled gardens took up much of the side and back , the acres of well - tended plants surrounded by fields of grass and then his eerie planned - out forest .
i gazed out the window at the sunlit garden and the glimmers of pixy wings as jenks 's kids fought off a migrating hummingbird from the last of the lobelias .
i could see the tal hedges of the garden maze towering over me , so apparently i 'd crawled right out the back of the house .
i spend a lot of time in the gardens of the estate during the day , when i want to .
the entrance wall had fallen , and a turret lay in the garden .
cutting through the back garden and entering the house through the kitchen , he smelled grilled sirloin and fresh bread .
the garden in the back was relatively undisturbed , but he could smell the lesser the instant he -- stopping on the terrace , his eyes shot to the second floor .
fritzgelder knew exactly where to take them , the steward walking with purpose around the back of the mansion to the part of the gardens that were overlooked by the female 's bedroom .
the bedrooms at the back of the brotherhood 's mansion had the benefit not only of a view of the gardens , but a second - story terrace .
outside , the landscape was discreetly lit , the gardens far from resplendent in their nascent state .
no doubt an aristocrat would want manicured gardens ; the fact that it made the house more difficult to get up close to was not the kind of thing assail would consider .
as she recoiled , he stalked across to the shuttered windows and stared with fixation as if he could see through them to the garden .
her mother 's grid was out back , in the gardens behind the house .
down below , the gardens were bathed in security lighting , the false moon glow making the grout around the terrace 's slate slabs seem phosphorescent .
looking around , he half expected some lessers to be rappelling down the side of the mansion or landing out in the gardens from a helicopter .
stopping in front of the terrace doors , he looked over the manicured gardens that were on the verge of getting their spring on .
even from a distance , tegan 's eye was drawn to vibrant , sunlit images of the mansion 's winter grounds and gardens .
tegan stood there , following her with his eyes as she deposited her empty wineglass on a server 's tray and headed for the wall of glass doors that looked out over the estate 's lakefront back lawn and gardens .
she followed his gaze up the frozen lawn and gardens , but when she turned back to tegan , there was n't so much as a trace of shame in her expression .
she cut across the long yard and gardens , breathless as she reached the dark brick - and - timber building near the water .
she could n't resist tracing her finger over the intricate stitches of the medieval garden design .
i continued along the stone path , through the manicured gardens , past the epic barbeque and headed toward the pool .
it was n't the door they 'd come through so she had n't just led him down the garden path , tied him up and left .
there was a fountain in the center of the gardens , a likeness of athena swinging a sword .
i tried to avoid aunt tabby in the afternoon , but she found me down in the cellar looking for vampires and dragged me out to the garden .
i tried to forget katherine , leaving my shutters closed so i would n't be tempted to look across the lawn at the carriage house , and forcing myself to smile and wave at damon and katherine when they explored the gardens .
i have to go find my fiancand # 65533 ; e. '' without a backward glance at katherine and the stunned expression that was sure to be on her face , i fled the study and ran through the empty conservatory and toward the garden .
` ` i ' ve lived here for more than two weeks , and i ' ve barely seen anything besides my bedchambers and the gardens .
we had a small labyrinth in the front garden , but the maze on the far corner of the property was expansive , built from a boggy marsh by my father , who had been determined to impress our mother .
like the luxembourg gardens or the palace of versailles ! ''
it was a house of marble floors and richly painted walls , the garden meandering and surrounding every room of it .
it was not my massive ancient opulent old home on the palatine hill , which had grown new corridors and rooms over many generations , penetrating its broad gardens .
along the porticoes flanking the garden , i saw the many doors ; i looked up and saw the second - story windows dosed on the porches .
i went to the edge of the garden deliberately to look at the blue sky , this sheaf of papers dose to my breast .
the garden inside was vast and lovely .
` ` tel elena that i'l make those tea biscuits she likes whenever she 's ready to leave her family and come visit , '' she said , then turned toward her rose garden .
she told him about bonnie , and about what they had discovered in the smal woods ' garden shed .
or not here , not in the rose garden , but somewhere in the nether world , in the dark dimension . ''
she crossed to the balcony that overlooked the gardens .
i studied the gardens and paddocks rather than craning my neck to view the building like everyone else , and managed to catch a glimpse of several bunkhouses , including one that was fenced by wire .
she really ought to enjoy the gardens before the heat of summer invaded .
the hallway was lined with windows on both sides , and the gardens outside were well lit .
she sat where she had a view of the garden .
` ` i just wanted to see the garden . ''
she 'd hoped to look over her garden and enjoy the sun on her face , but could tell from one glance at the window that the sun had already set .
by moonlight , the garden had n't looked nearly this bad .
her gaze slid over the garden with longing as she fed .
it must have driven the poor woman mad to see elvi 's own garden slowly go to ruin .
and teddy had no right to stand in judgment , she thought as she stomped around the garden glaring at the damage done by time .
not bothering with the stairs , victor left harper to wrestle with the garden hose and charged , leaping up and over the railing that ran around the deck .
we 're even , '' she said lightly , and then went on to tell her about victor 's sudden about - face last night , and , finally , the incident in the garden shed .
it only took another moment before she 'd dug out a space big enough for the animal to climb down through , which he did at once , wiggling eagerly under the wall and waddling up in the garden to leap at her face , tail wagging and tongue swiping at her cheeks .
and when i nodded , he turned his gaze to the front gardens of the house , just starting to show the grace of a pixy presence even in the fall .
gathering myself , i headed out to find her seated at a wicker table in the garden .
the afternoon went surprisingly well , and his gardens are so lovely - silent , but lovely - so we had tea the following week , and i told him of my life with al . ''
when he went back to her garden box and put away her cleaned clippers , he picked up her gloves , held them in his hands .
she went out early this morning , to walk in the gardens .
` ` we had almost reached the end of the gardens when i remembered a place that katherine had loved .
they were still arguing as claire retreated down the steps , through the neatly kept front garden , and out through the gate in the white picket fence .
you 'll need to lock bran and his siblings in the garden shed .
she nodded in the direction of the hedge gardens , where the at- tention of most of the vampires on the verandah appeared to be rest- ing .
she 'd shrieked indignantly when he went after her with the garden hose .
she looked away , out into the gardens .
there was a vocal reaction of surprise and affront in the gardens below .
they got down the stairs well enough , but as they reached the bottom and rounded the corner to traverse the gardens , jacob stopped abruptly .
there 's a cabin beyond the gardens where he can stay .
superimposed on the rose garden crystal was another , a phantom crystal without any color .
the iron gate had not even been locked , and once he 'd hacked his way through the overgrown garden , he had managed easily to break the rusted lock on the front door .
and then the high iron gates opening , and the moon flooding down on the garden .
their voices carried over the garden .
i saw the cold little cell with its bed of boards ; i saw the cloister and the garden veiled in rosy shadow ; god , i did n't want to think now of those times .
and what he beheld was the horror of horrors- the rotted mummy of his father , the filthy wrappings in tatters , propped against the garden wall .
` ` all the palace rushed through the royal gardens to khayman 's house .
it tore the door off its pivots ; it uprooted the trees from the garden and flung them about .
he backed out of the little house and up against the garden wall .
since there was no access to the storage room from inside , anyone who wanted to see damon had to go out the front door and around to the addition tacked on near the kitchen garden .
then , hopping down the stairs as she buttoned , she burst out into the back garden .
and perhaps they know i ' m a witch , too , since they always leave me a bit of the garden for myself and maybe a guest or two . ''
by the time we reached the path that led to the abbott 's back garden , my mind had cleared .
they turned and began to walk past the botanical gardens toward home .
he backed away from her for a few steps , then turned and headed for the gate out of the botanical gardens , walking slowly with his head down .
from the shadowy garden below , i discerned her neat and accepting concept of self , without drama and detached from the acknowledged bad taste that surrounded her .
sprawled on a tapestried directoire daybed , i set at once to reading david 's manuscripts , only now and then breaking off to walk about the silent parlour and bedroom , or to open a real french window , with its encrusted oval knob , and gaze out at the back garden of the hotel , so very formal and quiet and proud .
how well i could see the tapestried portieres , and the dim garden beyond the windows .
i described louis to her - how he existed beyond the reach of the modern world in a tiny unlighted house behind his ramshackle garden .
how to breach my luxurious little apartment i myself had fitted the entry to the roof garden with an impassable iron gate .
my beautiful david , dressed in a dark tweed suit and overcoat and peering at me with his characteristic expression of curiosity and alertness over the length of the garden path .
and as you walked around the botanical garden , you thought of me .
they took me through the gardens to reach it , and then admitted me to a small building , and i found myself inside with the doors open to a small covered porch from which a little path went right down to the sand .
i went back up to the gardens .
i searched the gardens , and then the woodlands in one direction and another , but with no luck .
clutching young sam to him , he ran back downstairs , across the hall and out into the garden .
a woman moved out of the gloom of the front garden and into the light cast by the bright gas chandeliers of lord akeldama 's hallway .
when they were nearly to the garden , celticad pushed in front of the king .
signaling to celticad , the king intended to march forward , but celticad shook his head and pointed to the garden wall .
the king was tense , moving swiftly through the garden , but he did n't see any way in .
although he was looking at the body , she saw his gaze lift for half a beat when she entered the garden .
it was dark now and i sat on the griffin window seat and watched a brilliant full moon slowly rise above the trees at the end of the garden .
roman walked away slowly till he came to a wall of glass windows overlooking the garden .
one of those pleasures came up behind him now , her elegant stride unmistakable as she walked through the estate 's manicured gardens and down onto the grass .
she asked , gazing at the porch light shining on the snowy garden .
still peeved , i crunched down the salted back steps and into the garden , following the same path i 'd taken out here last week .
i could talk to al alone in the garden safely , but this had the potential to be dangerous - and i 'd do it with them around .
jenks flew to the sill and looked out into the snowy garden , only a small patch lit by the back - porch light .
we fought and she broke his neck , tossing his body over the garden wall .
i spent many afternoons that way , sitting in the little parlor that overlooked the garden , the sun streaming in through the bay window .
i was thinking that the garden 's looking a little sad .
the two buildings were huge , of course , you know nebuchadnezzar built the palace to the mil glory of the past , or so he thought , and greatly expanded the private gardens ; and the temple was the great building known as esagila , and behind the building itself stood the big ziggurat , etemenanki , with its stairway to heaven , and then its ramps going up to the very topmost temple of my great and favorite smiling god .
` ` he stood up and put his arm around me and we strolled out of me garden .
but what struck me was not the beauty of the murals or the arched windows open to the garden , but that a horde of semivisible creatures fled from me screeching and jumping up and down and then surrounding the figure of zurvan , who lay on the bed as though asleep .
` ` there , through the garden and over there , to the left , my bed . ''
the garden rustled and sighed behind me .
` ` i could n't remember the speaker , only the love , and the garden and the words , and how much it was like this .
i went to the railing , pushing them aside , and i looked down into the garden and i saw her tiny empty shell of a body .
gardner picked up rose about six o'clock that evening and drove her to the mysterious old georgian mansion in old palo alto , following a curved drive through the manicured garden up to a porte cochere that could n't be seen from the street .
with a roar , everard hurled the female through the window , shattering the glass , and yanked down the burning drapery and threw it over the male as he dragged him roughly through the opening and out into the dark garden .
from the garden shed , he took a spade and chopped her head from her body .
candles burned all through the rooms and the manicured gardens and around a small swimming pool .
they sat at a white - marble - top table in two white - painted chinese chippendale chairs in this glass garden room with its fragile white lilies and its exquisite wisteria .
he said loudly , distinctly , most certainly loud enough for his companion to hear , and at once he heard the boy coming through the garden .
mekare moved slowly as a great reptile across the garden and into the room and across the mud floor and through a doorway to an inner chamber .
but there was no time for taking her in his arms , for telling her what a joy it had been earlier to see her come through the back garden and into this house with all her company .
` ` they 'll be coming into the back garden , '' he said .
she was with jesse and david and appeared bewildered but subdued - as white as calcite , her tangled red hair shimmering in the garden lights .
there came that flash from her , that flash that benedict had described , benedict who was here in the garden now with seth .
people of the savage garden .
he opened the gate and began leading me up the garden path .
he asked , after he 'd had a good look at the garden and the cat , appreciating both .
they gradually worked their way deeper into the garden toward those who were clearly more familiar with the house and each other , and were more interested in talking business than showing themselves off as the people inside were doing .
after adding more coal to the fireplace , i left the barn and walked barefoot out into the snow - covered garden , breathing in the sharp late - evening air .
the two famous germans stood beside the stone parapet of the garden walk , with the long , low , heavily gabled house behind them , and they looked down upon the broad sweep of the beach at the foot of the great chalk cliff in which von bork , like some wandering eagle , had perched himself four years before .
finally , holding either arm , the two friends walked him very slowly down the garden walk which he had trod with such proud confidence when he received the congratulations of the famous diplomatist only a few hours before .
elisabeta swept through her gardens in her crimson gown , laughing , as bright as the morning 's sun , the most brilliant rose among all the blooms .
she continued across the garden now , gathering lavender and thyme to make a poultice for her mare , all the while instructing him on the uses of each .
a peevish voice carried across the garden , drawing their collective attention .
a few minutes later , they reached a spade - shaped door set into the stucco garden wall .
` ` i hear mab 's gardens are lovely in the moonlight . ''
we walked down the terrace steps and onto a stone pathway that meandered into the dark gardens .
a dead body in the garden would put a damper on the evening , do n't you think ?
i 'd shoved bria onto a stone terrace that overlooked the gardens , hoping to get out that way .
i remember seeing her out in the gardens at the dubois estate one time .
finally , just when i was getting good and tired of playing pin - the - poker - on - gin's - head , owen and kincaid came running into the sculpture garden .
a gray stone path zoomed from the door straight to the gardens before splitting into three separate branches that plunged even deeper into the dark foliage , like a pitchfork stabbing into the shadows .
so , bomb in hand , i turned , slid into the shadow - filled gardens once more , and headed back toward the museum .
of course , if i did n't kill delov , not only would i be dead , but so would fletcher , since i 'd just signed the old man 's death warrant by leading the giant straight to him - a mourning dove coo - coo - cooed out a sad wail somewhere in the gardens , and i shook away the rest of the memory .
i have a garden tub .
but then , one night , after a large state dinner , we both ended up in one of the gardens at the dominae estate .
the older woman leaned back , gazing at the garden .
` ` um , what lovely gardens in the back , '' i stammered .
i had n't really wanted to see the gardens , anyway .
they showed us to our room , with views of the surrounding gardens .
pressing one hand to her heart , mrs . heath sat down on the wrought - iron bench located in the midst of her garden .
she 'd put a covered swing in the corner , maybe a gazebo near the gardens .
the next night , they went walking through central park , and even though the conservatory gardens were closed , gideon whisked her inside for a private tour , and then he transported them to the bronx zoo , which was also closed .
she persuaded me to take her outside , saying she wanted to see the gardens in the moonlight .
the botanical gardens were another of his favorite sites .
she had shut the cat up in the garden only moments ago .
rising , she headed for the garden , the cat at her heels .
anyone , friend or foe , could have come over the garden wall .
light from the candle would be visible only from the window in the sorting room , and that window looked out on the yard and sculpture garden behind henry 's studio .
pushing past that thought , she noted the untended gardens lining the front of the house .
william squeezed aria 's shoulder briefly before moving around the bench and leaving the gardens .
he rose and placed her down as he gestured around the garden .
large bay windows faced out on the most beautiful gardens she had ever seen , flowers bloomed and spilled everywhere , flowing forth in a wave of color that was staggering .
the prince was standing before one of the bay windows , looking down at the gardens .
` ` would you like to go for a walk in the gardens ? ''
it had been so long since he had enjoyed a walk in the gardens himself , he found that he was actually looking forward to it .
he led her down another hallway before reaching the doors that led out to the gardens .
arianna moved slowly through the door , her eyes widening as she gazed over the gardens they had stepped into .
braith glanced over the gardens .
she froze when they reached the center of the gardens , her eyes widening as another gasp of pleasure escaped her .
she chewed on a piece of cheese as she watched the light play over the gardens .
she folded her arms over her chest as she focused her gaze behind jack , and on the gardens .
despite the heavy heat of the summer night and the crush of people , the ballroom was fairly comfortable , and the reason was immediately evident : a row of six french doors had been opened to the garden , and an entire company of servants had been positioned throughout the room with large , palm - leaf fans , which they conducted vigorously .
verbena 's twittering began to grate on her nerves , and at last victoria sent her maid away for the night - which apparently was the right thing to do , as verbena confessed that she and oliver had planned for a drive to vauxhall gardens .
since she and oliver , the groom - cum - footman , had gone to vauxhall gardens on the evening victoria had come to think of as the night of the frothy pink night rail , they had been inseparable .
instead , she walked over to the tall window that gave her a view of the moonlit gardens below .
now , of course , since you ' ve recovered , you 'll be able to attend the twisdale 's garden party tonight with me .
as they walked to the parlor , she glanced out at the gardens behind the house .
it was most certainly not beyond the realm of possibility - and in fact , was likely - that sara had lured her into the gardens so that she would discover the remnants of another daylight vampire attack , and had planted the shawl nearby .
` ` what were you doing in the garden during a dinner party , lady rockley ? ''
the gardens were lovely . ''
` ` i thought i saw one of the other ladies in the garden , and i went to join her . ''
as victoria watched , a duo of vampires lunged forward and snatched two spectators away from the rear of the crowd , dragging them toward those dark garden shadows .
it was obviously no accident that vampires had been waiting in the walled garden when a blaze forced a group of rich - blooded partygoers outside .
in that time he 'd turned to a vampire and coaxed miss emily colton from a party and into the dark gardens .
but how enterprising of the woman to take advantage of couples out for an evening in the gardens , or other less innocent assignations .
verbena had been playing match - maker with the lower footman at grantworth house and the belowstairs maid at st . heath 's row , both of whom were taking a postmidnight stroll through the gardens at this very moment .
neighboring houses were far enough away to give privacy , due to the unusually wide side gardens .
the sensation at the back of her neck was growing stronger ; victoria knew they were close when they came upon a lower stone wall that appeared to bisect the estate , separating the back , with its more natural gardens , from the front , where the villa , stable , and more formal gardens would lie .
she remembered little of the next few moments , and then suddenly they were out of the villa , out into the crisp dawn air where the faint yellow in the sky brought texture and shape to the unkempt gardens .
gleaming blue - black even in the low light of a dreary day , even in the shadows of the sprawling , unkempt gardens , it seemed to burn from within .
he looked out over the gardens below , then turned back to victoria .
` ` the gardens at villa regalado are particularly beautiful in the moonlight . ''
was i not truthful when i claimed that the gardens are most beautiful by moonlight ?
she smiled , biting the inside of her lip , silently entreating him to go now so she could slip down into the gardens .
he did , striding quickly from the terrace back into the ballroom , and victoria barely waited until he was inside before hurrying down the steps into the dark gardens below .
frantic with the delay he 'd caused by catching her in the gardens , she hurried through the throngs of people , knowing that she would have to offer more explanation to him later .
she tripped the vampire with bared teeth who came at her with his eyes glowing , and he went sprawling over the garden bench she 'd been sitting on only a short time before .
if she stood in a certain place , she could see the front doorway and remain hidden ... whilst also having a view of the garden .
max sat like stone for the remainder of the carriage ride to vauxhall gardens .
when they arrived he gave instructions to his driver , paid the four shillings for himself and victoria to enter the gardens , and , with the barest of glances at her , started along the winding pathway .
although she 'd never been in the gardens before , she knew there were hidden alcoves and mysterious grottoes throughout the park - the perfect places for an assignation , or for a vampire attack .
it was n't far into the gardens before victoria 's neck iced over .
anger with herself helped propel her striking arm during the other two short - lived incidents ; she and max were efficient and silent as they finished off the cluster of vampires that had dared to invade vauxhall gardens on a night that they patrolled .
the anderson 's kitchen was below ground and only the garden room and a sitting area were above .
we walked toward the entrance of an expansive chateau , with neatly trimmed grounds and gardens surrounding it .
* * * the grounds and gardens surrounding the chateau were destroyed , while abandoned vehicles and bits and pieces of human and elemaiyan bodies littered the lawns .
` ` come on , boy , '' doc says as he hangs his arm on my shoulder , pulling me down the garden path .
a voice calls from the garden path .
we stood and joined rikers , looking out the window ( or , well , the wall ) at the approaching gardens .
the royal gardens were a large , open field of grass dotted occasionally by beds of flowers .
from outside the gardens ? -and all i can think is bell .
there were some weathered headstones in the clearing just outside the garden .
ravenwood was standing its ground - you could tell by the way the endless brown outside its grounds gave way to green within , the way the gardens remained uneaten , untouched .
i looked out at the gardens , still green in spite of the heat and the lubbers and everything we had been through .
the secret garden at greenbrier held our secrets from the beginning .
she stopped suddenly , her eyes growing wide as her gaze darted around the otherwise silent garden .
there is a snowman in the garden at my great - aunt 's house who 'd like to meet you .
` ` kensington gardens . ''
but the rooms are empty , the garden , too .
but if i can get her out of the kitchen for even a few seconds - i 'll put the chair through the window , cut through the garden , try to lose the guards in the trees .
but instead i ease the back door open , cross the porch , and go down into the garden , being careful to stay out of sight of the large kitchen windows .
` ` would you like to go down into the gardens ? ''
they stood in roderick 's garden , where the wedding had taken place , grinning at one another .
he would watch her garden and chop wood .
charles and bronwyn sat together with their friends around one of the large , round tables that had been set up in the back garden , sneaking sips of champagne when their parents were n't looking .
charles aimed the camera 's viewfinder at the back garden and snapped a picture of joanna , who was standing near the pool , seemingly admiring the diving board .
gorgeous gardens .
chapter twenty five darrell i was sitting down in the workshop - completely inappropriate , given that i was in a suit for the party , but upstairs , the caterers were bustling around with trays of canapes and glasses and in the garden the string quartet were tuning up .
we could hear classical music trickling in from the gardens behind the house , and when darrell opened the door there was a waiter beside him offering us chilled champagne .
i had n't seen much of the gardens until now .
actually , sitting out in the garden with her , watching the sun go down with a bottle of champagne sounded like exactly what i needed .
chapter twenty eight natasha upstairs , the caterers had left and the house and gardens were quiet .
we left our wet bundles of clothes by the side of the tub , scrambled out and ran in our underwear down the garden , the freezing rain sluicing down our steaming bodies .
the shadows bled from the garden and once again the sun beamed down upon them .
it might have made sense once upon a time , but over a century and a half later , i stood with my best friends and zach , staring at the old stone walls and barren gardens , wondering if we were looking at a lost cause .
kat turned and stared out the window at the gardens and the grounds , the trappings of hale 's world , as she thought about the laws of hers .
most surrounded themselves with dresses and hats , perfectly tended gardens and expertly steeped cups of tea .
it was louder there , away from the garden , echoing off the glass walls and tiled floors .
so kat stayed still and quiet on her chair , staring through the bay windows , looking out onto the garden and the statue , trying to remember which parts of the night before had been a dream .
first , there was a pair of ruddy - faced boys who were scaling the fence that surrounded the gardens .
soon , however , some angels set their sights on the world beyond the garden walls .
the backyard was shrouded in darkness , and he inched along the garden wall , careful to avoid kicking loose stones that would give him away , until the back door came into sight .
when he was a guest conductor at the philharmonic , he lived nearby and the garden key came with his sublet .
the rooms in the north wing over the garden should be empty .
quaint was the word that came to mind as we trailed annwyl through the lush gardens .
i ' ve sent the others on to luxembourg gardens without much of an argument .
light comes in through the windows , both from the outside and from the garden , which is empty now .
in the back corner , a small window looks into the garden .
i looked into this garden every day from mother 's comfortable sitting room , but i ' ve only been inside that one time in the dark .
blood house , gardens .
37 a stranger in the crowd the rosewood abbey was an old stone building in the middle of town with gorgeous stained - glass windows , a bell tower , and pristinely manicured gardens .
when they walked into the sculpture garden again , hanna was gone .
ms . marin drove them without a word , mercifully keeping the radio off for the trip to the courthouse , which was only a few miles away at the very top of mount kale , just past a cemetery and the botanical gardens .
strangely , her father 's car was still in the driveway - not at longwood gardens .
the one - story house is the size of a mansion and decorated like one of mom 's better homes and gardens magazines .
pink roses twine around a whitewashed lattice out front , and ivy climbs the garden walls in back .
` ` temple church and the gardens are well worth seeing .
but we did n't meet anyone , and when we entered the dragon hall a few minutes later , we could see the evening sun still sparkling on the thames beyond the gardens and walls .
i followed quickly as he led me out of the courtyard and down the stone servant 's steps that led into the walled gardens .
i felt his glare burn through my back as i hurried out of the gardens and away from him .
and before i could react he sent me flying across the driveway and into the frozen garden .
` ` your mother is truly remarkable , '' i commented distractedly , tearing my eyes from kiran and admiring the raw earthly beauty of the gardens again .
she looked out into the gardens , a curious look on her face .
` ` did you know , that it 's rumored your parents fell in love in those very gardens ? ''
` ` i did n't know that , '' i mumbled , looking down at the gardens with a new interest .
i pictured analisa 's neglect of the gardens as her silent plea for freedom , but maybe it was the memory of my mother that encouraged her to let them run wild .
` ` eden , was just commenting on how beautiful the gardens are at night . ''
he pulled me with him toward a staircase that led from the ballroom balcony to the gardens two stories below .
kiran took my arm and led me silently back through the gardens and up the stairs .
sebastian 's parents , the duke and duchess of canesburry , greeted us at the door of their enormous , lavish townhouse that overlooked the gardens of the eiffel tower .
` ` will you join me for a walk in the gardens ?
i flipped through the rest of our history ; his lust at the pond when we went swimming , his consuming affection when we danced at the summer solstice celebration , the way he fell impossibly more in love with me that night in the gardens , his jealousy with sebastian every moment until sebastian admitted his feelings for seraphina , the way he hoped he still had a chance with me when we spent time in paris , his anger every time he watched me with jericho , but his determination to let me be happy no matter which path i chose , his fury while i was kidnapped , his devastating resolve to get me back , to avenge amory 's death and the future in his mind , after his father was dead , the excitement he had in the way he knew i would rule the kingdom .
kiran asked intuitively , while i looked out a hallway window over the maze of gardens on the backside of the castle .
analisa had kept the gardens this way for a reason , her own anarchy in a world of hidden imprisonment .
kiran stood silently for a beat , taking in the morning sun over his mother 's gardens .
eden pushed open the balcony sliding glass doors and stepped out on to the long terrace that wrapped around the stone castle and led down into the gardens .
eden paused at my words , turning to look out over the gardens that were being bathed in morning sunlight .
even your parents ' house , the garden path led away - toward this spot .
8 - alpha as magnus excused himself hoarsely , caia 's eyes followed his tall figure as it lurched out of the kitchen and onto the porch , disappearing down into the garden and into the woods .
she turned and stared out over the garden .
eureka turned slowly , hopscotching along the circular bricks lining the garden , then stopped a few feet from rhoda 's car .
to the left and right , stretching into the distance , i saw manicured gardens , rich with green and hazy in the mist of early morning .
he asked , glancing down toward the garden .
it was a lavish little building , bordered by a war memorial on one side and the gardens of the convent of sankta lizabeta on the other .
tamar tugged me down the garden stairs and up a path that led back along the side of the mansion , to the street .
i was in a stone courtyard off the main garden , bordered on all sides by yew hedges , and i was not alone .
when we reached the gardens by the pillared folly , he paused to pluck a leaf from a hedge and said , ` ` i should n't have lost my temper that way .
he smiles then sets his gaze out over the garden .
chapter 11 all the time in the world two minutes later , and i ' m still stood here in the garden on the same spot where james left me , still feeling the wake of his departure , still trying to fathom what just actually happened .
and now , finally out of tears , i ' m stood here in the garden , contemplating what i know i have to do .
there was a private bath and dressing area to the right of the bed and a sitting area to the left with a sofa , a desk , and two tall windows that looked out over the back gardens .
she did n't want to disturb conwell before the service , and security had their hands a bit full with the executive meeting , so ... '' i filled in the pieces of the puzzle he had missed - my escape from eve , the dobermans in the center garden .
the back doors were flung open to the enormous garden , and a harpist played soft , tinkling notes in the corner .
when we sat together in the botanical gardens that night , everything was cool .
cicadas buzzed in the trees of the keep , and somewhere in the gardens , a nightingale sang her lament .
she smiled as she stepped fully in front of the window to study the garden .
we ' ve already seen all three gardens , the ballrooms , the historical rooms , and the nicest views offered from the stone castle .
she allowed herself to be dragged from the garden , away from the shadow of the clock tower and into the marble halls of the castle .
she did n't dare to move - none of the champions did - as the man hurtled toward the door , toward the gardens and escape .
` ` we ' ve walked twice around the garden . ''
she glanced longingly at the glass windows that lined the wall of the castle , and then at the frost - covered garden .
no one had noticed her scaling the garden wall of the darkened manor house , and with the thunder and the gusting wind off the nearby sea , no one heard her as she shimmied up the drainpipe , swung onto the windowsill , and slithered into the second - floor hallway .
they entered the castle gardens , weaving their way through the gravel paths and towering hedges .
every morning , more and more ladies found excuses to be walking through the gardens just after dawn .
she did n't know whether he simply did n't notice , or he did n't want to say anything , but ... ` ` the gardens are rather busy for a winter morning , '' she said carefully .
no wonder those girls find excuses to be in the gardens every morning . ''
she could still recall the clink of porcelain , the hushed gossip , the mint - and - cream painted room , and the floor - to - ceiling windows that overlooked an exquisite garden .
but he still put a hand on the hilt of his sword as he approached the columns at the top of the stairs leading down into the frosted garden .
the moonlight and the garden and the golden glow from the ballroom blurred together , now miles away .
chaol reached the dark , silent gardens and strode between the hedges .
even the girls who had once lined the garden pathways , waiting for chaol , had stopped showing up .
it smells so good here , like wet cement and fresh - cut grass , the aroma of bacon and pancakes wafting between the homes , garden roses and magnolia trees , the smells of my life before .
planting my feet , i let go of the fence with my hands and pulled my torso up so that i was standing , looking down into the garden , my dress falling back down around my knees .
they both turn to see cam coming out into the garden .
risa 's room is in the main house - but the house has large wings that were clearly added on recently , and across the large garden are half a dozen sizeable cottages that risa could n't see from her window .
the captain 's witticism is roundly appreciated , and more toasts are proposed and drunk , and as the laughter increases , i turn to doing ` ` greensleeves '' and then the ` ` willow garden , '' which is one of the first tunes liam delaney taught me on the pennywhistle back on the dolphin .
chapter thirty nine ellie ... ... after gunner 's grandmother gave us a tour of the house and her garden , she showed ari and me the bedroom we would be using .
by the time he had chased her through the gardens he had her laughing and giggling again .
she grinned and followed him down the garden towards his car .
eden had been sitting staring out into the gardens from her bedroom window seat for the last two hours .
watching the goon in the back garden pace back out of view , eden bit her lip , her heart beginning to race at her thoughts .
instead she took off through the back hallway , past the large kitchen , and through into the back sitting room with the french doors that led into the gardens .
there 's even ice skating down in the gardens . ''
trembling a little , he glanced along the gardens to the douglas house , his jaw clenched in anger .
he nodded at a soul eater as he passed him in the hallway and wandered through to the back sitting room where french doors opened out onto the balcony and the sprawling gardens beyond .
' we 're in the queen 's back garden ! '
she would have given anything for a dressing - gown , not just to keep her warm but to hide the whiteness of her nightie from watchful eyes in the garden below .
she was terrified that she would see the man with the dog down in the garden staring up at her .
sophie turned her head towards the garden and called out , ' bfg !
' you was tel ing me they has no soldiers in the back garden , ' the bfg whispered .
sophie turned her head towards the garden and cal ed out , ' bfg !
my sister was playing in the back garden with some of her friends .
she came out into the garden with a plate of sandwiches .
soon enough they 'll see that the way to solve their financial problems is to sell this house and its gardens to property developers .
and the princess sat in the back garden with the cockatoucan , and matilda played with her every afternoon .
matilda only recognized him , as he stood sadly in the park , by the crown that stuck crookedly on one of the chimney pots , and the border of ermine along the garden path .
four men came into the rose garden , wheeling a great red thing in a barrow .
that was how she spent her first two weeks in the house - exploring the garden and the grounds .
her other parents were waiting for her in the garden , standing side by side .
there was no point , she decided , in exploring the garden and the grounds : they did n't exist ; they were n't real .
my chest went tight and my pipes stopped up as i thought of that , chasing joanna 's streaming blond hair through the garden , watching as it caught the light and glittered .
in the middle of a sprawling english garden stood a small mansion of stone turrets and timbered gables , of slate roofs and copper trims , of stained - glass windows and brass hinges .
only then did he notice people lounging in the gardens around the pool , fanned by collared servants .
i did n't exactly love being cloistered in the back garden with this guy .
the winter sun smiles over my view of the kitchen garden .
many 's the night i spied him through my window wandering the garden , cursing and shouting .
outwardly i shrug it off , though i , too , have stood in moonlight at my dormer , watching quinn pace the garden border .
` ` that he talks to himself and hides the family portraits , and that he roams the garden at unearthly hours ! ''
once last summer , when tobias and i were playing spies in the garden , we 'd overheard aunt and uncle speaking of their phantom daughter as if amelia had never died .
but without a captive audience , quinn is a lonely soul , and time has taught me that he never wants company on these garden walks .
the garden paths were quinn 's retreats whenever he and his brother quarreled .
its best room was the garden .
she had seen elaborate parks and gardens .
the dog guided him across the garden to a different glass door .
despite dorian 's offers to show aedion the menagerie , the kennels , the stables - even the damned library - the general only wanted to do one thing : walk through the gardens .
they spoke only when aedion paused by a fountain and braced his scarred hands on his hips , assessing the garden beyond as though it were a battlefield .
she had n't known he was the prince the day she first saw him , striding through the gardens , the captain in tow .
flanking the garden on either side are extremely long wings , which must be more wards .
the nuances and wonders of the english garden were many , but most of them were lost after dark .
` ` the gardens remind me of home , '' she said with uncharacteristic wistfulness .
the great hall was as richly decorated as the gardens .
the song turned discordant and suddenly he saw an animal moving between the manicured perfection of the green gardens .
in my castle 's gardens , where i alone am permitted to hunt . ''
macdonnell , who looked a bit overcome with the prospect of the hare returning to him , had a soldier lead them through the palace and down a wide staircase to the gardens .
the gardens stretched out toward the horizon .
they arrived back at the garden steps to see most of the castle staff waiting for them .
at this , rumfuss , who had been mostly lurking in the shadows of the garden , stepped ever so slightly into the dwindling moonlight .
and today , as i sit in the beautiful gardens of my home watching cadmus at play with our daughter , i can not help but think back to a time before everything began .
the lush green hills of the spiritlands rolled for miles beyond the gardens of zeus ' palace .
beyond acres of hills and sculpted gardens , white marble walls framed the grounds of our home , the crown jewel of olympus .
i wound my way through the opulent halls of the palace and slipped out the back doors , through the gardens and into the fields beyond .
with apollo behind us , my father dragged me with him , not stopping until we reached the gardens .
* * * once again , i stood on my balcony , this time watching cadmus hobble slowly across the gardens .
we stepped out of the palace doors and into the lush grass walkway that led up to the palace gardens .
i glanced down from one of them , absently scanning the gardens below , and was surprised to find my mother and father sequestered in a dark nook in the courtyard .
i allowed her to lead me from the flowering gardens , but i could n't resist a parting shot at my father .
the late - afternoon sun bathed the gardens in warm light , long ago drying off the light rain from the morning .
i inhaled a breath and in it , i could taste the roses that drifted in on the breeze from the gardens .
the gardens were manicured and perfect here , and there was even an english maze for her to get lost in .
i shall miss all your rooms and gardens , but most of all i shall miss my bed . ''
i could see them distantly , loping through the garden , tongues waving in the air .
he had released himself to the moonlit gardens , leaving his sad old body behind .
the moonlit gardens were the faeries ' next world , a calm silvered land they traveled to on a day of their own choosing - unless some violence chose the day for them - and from which there was no return .
though the rest of the gardens were blooming and bonny , pruned and tidy , this spot was dreary , a tree - shaded circle of weedy bricks with a well at its center .
` ` it was a shock to me as well when my grand - dame told me , just before she crossed to the moonlit gardens .
in the gardens there 's a dry well .
for a moment there he 'd thought he might suffocate and wake to find himself in the moonlit gardens !
` ` gather up the folk that remain and go you all to the moonlit gardens .
she landed in a crouch and swept the garden with a searching look .
for this silver land could be none other than the moonlit gardens .
it had n't been driven since the chief 's old mum had passed to the moonlit gardens decades past , and no one even remembered there was a little door hidden in the yew 's roots that let it out into the world .
she had come in mourning to the moonlit gardens , unnaturally early .
` ` those flowers ... '' it was the fragrance she had already come to associate with the moonlit gardens .
talon approached with caution , landing on an oak branch from which he could peer over and up the tidy lawn and gardens to the human place .
they crouched side by side , scanning the garden with calculating eyes .
` ` do n't tell me you ' ve been to the moonlit gardens . ''
they never turned up in the moonlit gardens , lord , and ...
much may we mourn our fallen , but there 's no coming back from the moonlit gardens ! ''
` ` they 're not in the moonlit gardens , '' she said .
crossing the bridge to the moonlit gardens , magpie caught the startled looks of faeries who 'd witnessed her first crossing and who were stunned to see her come again .
she reached the cliff 's edge and descended on her wings down the rock - cut stairs , but as they curved and bellatrix 's garden came into view , she slowed and stopped .
with it bellatrix turned the tide of the devil wars and since then it has traveled through blood and dust , the ornament of skeletons , releasing all who claim it to the moonlit gardens .
` ` she 's in the moonlit gardens ! ''
kipepeo was n't the only one who came to the moonlit gardens that day .
it swung him out of his room and into the night , high above his back garden , holding him up against the circle of the moon , its fingers clenching so hard against conor 's ribs he could barely breathe .
it had still been there , of course , no damage at all , no gaping hole into the back garden .
conor did n't move from the garden chair , where he 'd sat himself after he 'd gone outside .
conor said , looking around his back garden .
she 'd crammed her back garden with sheds and a stone pond and a wood - panelled ` ` office '' she 'd had installed across the back half , where she did most of her estate agent work , a job so boring conor never listened past the first sentence of her description of it .
he fished one out of his bag and made to leave , glancing out of the window to the back garden as he went .
conor went out across his back garden .
he hopped up on the garden table where his mum used to drink pimm 's in the summer , and he lifted himself up and over the back fence .
this house and its gardens and lands were his retreat from his mansion in cochabamba .
his strong voice carried across the garden .
be careful crossing the street , his grandmother hollered from the garden .
if no one was watching , it was possible to jump out of a rear window and onto a ledge of rock that jutted out over the back garden .
there was only one building of any size inside , set within its own railings and gardens .
i slipped around the back of the house , to the ledge in the garden and to my amazement i found that my window was open , just as i had left it .
the only other person that i wanted to see before i had a very early night was paul ; i was very intrigued by the hole that had appeared in the middle of my front garden , and after he poured us both a large scotch ( i explained to him as he entered that the sun was well and truly over the yard arm as i was still on ships time ) he collapsed into my second favourite chair , and swore to do that lady serious harm if she ever came within theodolite throwing distance of him , but then he quickly calmed down .
fritz neuwirt was sitting in his favorite chair under the big oak tree in the guest garden of the schwyzer house tavern waiting patiently for his guests to arrive .
as the door to the garden closed behind them their hearts were filled with love and peace and faith and the undeniable knowing that all was well indeed .
she stood up from the garden bench humming the melody of an old holiday tune .
wrong , even the big display organisers were feeling the pinch so were cutting back , and even the one off birthday treat trips had all but dried up , so after making a couple of these teams offers that they could nt refuse i looked out of my bedroom window on day ten of the hunt for hunters at four single and two two - seat garishly painted aircraft parked in my front garden , the bit that was pretended it was an airfield , but then the flood turned to a trickle , and finally it looked as though we would fall short of our target , until a bright young thing on the hunting team came up with a brilliant idea .
when we arrived cisco only stared at the estate , the manicured gardens and lawns only yellow due to the cold weather , and i had to encourage him to step into the castle as man of the house .
then , her windows and unkempt front garden .
dia stood at the end of her garden path , staring at her house with strange feelings .
she felt her nose break , her back hit the window , then she was falling to the garden below .
smoke curled from the chimney and the well - kept lawn and garden .
the repast finished , feraun arose and glanced out the window that overlooked the garden .
the girls scream echoed across the garden .
he sat at the table looking out the window and watched the birds fluttering around the garden outside .
the garden was already an ancient garden .
arii walked to the window that overlooked the garden .
he slowly motors down the loggia that runs alongside the gardens .
tommy was not shocked to see governor wendell cartwright seated on a bench in the garden .
he turned abruptly and left them standing in the rose garden .
they were trampling bettas garden .
dierdre and seamuss bedroom faced the back garden with a view of the well and the back pasture , but shed left the front door open in her hurry and the voices carried easily to her .
there was a garden path just outside that led into the woods , with a shortcut down to the laneway beyond .
nor did he dash down to the garden shed and find a spade to whack it with .
i well , i simply assumed you were the one leading him down the garden path , but now '' he broke off for a chuckle .
it 's small , but the rooms all open onto a deck facing the back garden .
d'artagnyn was passing along a lane on the spot where the rue d'assas is now situated , breathing the balmy emanations which were borne upon the wind from the rue de vaugirard , and which arose from the gardens refreshed by the dews of evening and the breeze of night .
this is the fourth which you have let fall and i have picked up ; for in three years , madame , i have only seen you four times -- the first , which i have described to you ; the second , at the mansion of de chevreuse ; the third , in the gardens of amiens . '
but there was no getting at the place of sojourn of the future abbe ; the defiles of the chamber of aramys were as well guarded as the gardens of armida .
' tell her also that i am acquainted with all the details of the adventure at amiens ; that i will have a little romance made of it , wittily turned , with a plan of the garden and portraits of the principal actors in that nocturnal romance . '
' your eminence is right , ' replied milord ; ' and i have been wrong in seeing in the mission with which you honor me anything but that which it really is -- that is , to announce to her grace , on the part of your eminence , that you are acquainted with the different disguises by means of which she succeeded in approaching the king during the fete given by the constable ; that you have proofs of the interview granted at the louvre by the king to a certain italian astrologer who was no other than the duchess of buckingham ; that you have ordered a little romance of a satirical nature to be written upon the adventures of amiens , with a plan of the gardens in which those adventures took place , and portraits of the actors who figured in them ; that montague is in the bastille , and that the torture may make her say things she remembers , and even things she has forgotten ; that you possess a certain letter from de chevreuse , found in her grace 's lodging , which singularly compromises not only his who wrote it , but his in whose name it was written .
' i saw some very pretty woods which almost touch the convent garden .
when i approached the wild gardens , i was smiling and thankful for captain scott 's place in history , steel 's poem and mother 's tip .
i walked briskly , heading out of the botanical gardens .
the tops of the hedges that grew over the garden walls were flattened by its violence , and miriam was certain that if she went down the path to the sea , the waves would have white caps .
he got out of bed and went to the window , which looked out over the side gardens .
far below , beyond the house gardens , a deep , wide furrow plowed through the thick woods .
ready at last , they stepped out onto the little back vestibule , made of crumbling orange brick , and mana pointed a large , black umbrella at the path that bisected the back gardens .
the bright garden before him swam in his vision .
chichilia waved at the large house and the beautiful , green garden .
look , someone is at the garden gate !
the huge man chose one of the smaller bedrooms that faced the back of the house , since it was less conspicuous and did not face the huge front garden or the sea .
the view afforded by the large window showed the entire front garden and the path that wound down to the beach and back towards three - finger rock and the village .
a sudden shout from the front garden brought him to his senses .
he gestured towards the kitchen and the back garden , and she shook her head slightly .
instead , he waited patiently outside the front door until heydrichs staff car was well out of sight and then proceeded directly down the garden path to the duck pond where he had first met his mentor and guide five years ago .
kessler sr . of course agreed and canaris took henrik for a leisurely walk down the garden path to the little duck pond .
henrik headed down the garden path in just this state of mind , but this time it was not the wily old admiral that he found waiting for him at the duck pond .
henrik put the luger back in his pocket and turned back up the garden path .
for miles , we saw the manicured gardens and meticulously trimmed groves of trees that dominated the landscape .
he was just inches from reaching freedom when he was caught by the chamber maid in the gardens that surrounded the hellish prison he had to call home .
his reply was immediate , but her tinkling again laugh filled the garden .
by the time he caught her she was nearly out of the garden .
here were two men standing at the top of the sweeping staircase in a large mansion of timber frame construction which sprouted buoyantly from a walled in network of gardens with a driveway cutting through grounds that would cause any inspirational visitor to feel like they had arrived in real - time heaven .
she spun the right wheel so she came about to face the garden wall , to leave kathleen watching the back of her head .
there was no one else in sight as they passed through a series of rooms , each more opulent than the last , until they came finally to a grand ballroom that opened onto a garden .
on top of the hauberk rested a helmet with a visor ; a sword and lance leaned against the garden fence .
eleanor had one of the corner bedrooms , with a narrow window overlooking the gardens .
they were at the back of the house in the rose garden before she said anything .
slipping quietly out the back door , he walked out through the meadows back garden , which was a sprawling affair casually filled with a massive variety of flowers and trees .
at the far end of the yard was a huge old oak tree with an old garden shed beneath it .
after a bite to eat they went back down to the garden shed to discuss the talisman .
andy asked pointing at the stately home across the gardens .
it has a spectacular view of the garden .
the hustle and bustle of the streets is overwhelming at times but seems to melt away when your pa and i stroll through the lovely gardens .
crossing to the back door she picked up the garden fork .
leaning on the door jam , he watched her make her way down the long garden with her a brimming pail of peelings and meal .
* * * * * contact the author http : //www.stevemessman.com email at : steve @ stevemessman.com facebook at : https : //www.facebook.com / pages / steve - messman smashwords author page : * * * * * leaving noras garden by michael damien harrison dedicated to my daughters and to my grandchildren .
the voice of the owl floated across the garden .
its quite a pretty house really , just a few shingles missing off the roof , a leaking water tank , lots of weeds in the garden , two broken windows and a sticky door knob .
chapter 13 an invitation matilda and zinzabad spent the rest of the day relaxing in their room and going out to stroll through the magnificent gardens that adjoined the back of the palace .
she found her way through the maze of hallways to a set of glass doors leading out into the palace gardens .
along the left were a number of chairs and benches for the guests to rest on when they were nt dancing , and beyond them were the doors leading out into the gardens .
durham turned into the room , rushing past a few startled servants and heading for the gardens outside .
they had fled the library , and were running out into the gardens , when a voice called to them from the wall .
literally having nothing to lose , he took off at a run across the gardens while the madelian emissaries stood watching with disbelief written across their faces .
aislynn walked around slowly , looking at the gardens , the soft grass in the shade of the trees , and the small fountain and pond set over in the back corner .
with a pair of guards assigned by byron guarding the study door and her twins outside in the garden , aislynn knew that they were safe enough , but it was still difficult to forget the craziness of her first ten days in bacovia .
once outside the garden , they both paused for breath and go started the conversation saying , scarborough , that was close , he was big and scary !
to walk through the gardens collecting flowers and having secret assignations with ardent lovers .
to her right , half - hidden by trees , a large metallic face with an enigmatic expression gazed across the garden .
from the description of the pavilion gardens shed figured it was just a greenhouse full of plants and a coffee shop perched on the edge of a park .
she followed the tune that led her into a long reflecting pool that ran almost the entire length of the garden .
the room had a balcony that overlooks the garden just like the one on the etherian palace had .
jodi walked the gardens with her father laughing and chatting arm in arm .
the bouquet of the manicured garden and grounds reminded them of times past when jodi was a little girl hand in hand with her father planning the future .
chapter fifteen jodi had never really had so much time to herself , another morning walk in the spacious and meticulously manicured gardens she found relaxing .
the front garden was bland with low maintenance appeal , rockeries , flowing water in neatly formed ponds and waterfalls .
facing the beautiful garden view .
as i walked in and opened the blinds , i could see outside to the garden , may be this is the bedroom of that lady and her husbands .
so she can get prepared and ill make necessary arrangements harold said trying hard to not to let his eyes show the pain hidden in his heart and soul and stood up and walked away leaving me in the garden swing crying for hours * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * adrianas point of view * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * i was watching my parents acting so weird around me latley .
just minutes ago i was out tending my duties alone in the gardens and there came a sudden blue light .
i will show you to our gardens .
he knew she always came in at nights before it got too dark , so he gazed out the window into the woods , expecting to see her happily padding up the garden path .
he kept a firm grip as a young cat trotted down the cobbled garden path .
then the garden lit up , the cottage door flew open and the evil witch strode down the path and out the gate .
at the bottom of the garden a mysterious green light flitted between the trees .
seconds later her ghostly form passed out the window , walked through the two watchers and ran across the garden hedge .
at the tiny gate brandice became distracted at some strange far off noise , and her garden became enveloped by thick , menacing fog .
i was going to go to the botanical gardens on the cable car , but i think i might go to the museum .
while this saga unfolded , amongst the furore , as i stumbled around the garden in a shameful state of undress , shocked , dazed , confused , and , er , still not quite finished , i fancied i heard the unrestrained sounds of the mad general .
i felt slightly perturbed by loud noises in the front garden , yet more soundly so by the appearance at the front door of edward and mother , who d obviously been together in town all morning .
i almost reached our front garden when ians incessant pleading stepped up a notch .
outside thick early morning fog had rolled in , annoyingly obscuring vision of the front garden and our nocturnal visitors from upstairs .
while on my way to work that morning i caught tiny unidentifiable tracks or trails swirling round the muddy front garden , which eventually made off up the hill towards the woods .
a white , knee high picket fence enclosed the front garden .
hung over a garden gate westbury lodge welcome to our home was highlighted on a little sign .
way beyond the garden lay a horribly pale horizon , sitting cold and malignant in the background .
being a mischievous , prying young imp , in your dream you found that the miniature in the garden well had a working instrument .
two fell off in the middle , showing jacob whizzing past the front garden .
i was out in our back garden yesterday basking in the afternoon heat , finishing off a fortieth anniversary present for your aunt - a beautiful piece , when out of the corner of my eye i spied a piece of rare wood lying there on its own .
may i propose , captain rackham interrupted , that anne finish a bit of her dinner and then show me around the garden ?
anne asked sardonically as she stopped to open the garden gate .
she soaked in the grey stone , the university buildings , the formal gardens and smiled .
as raven leaves , delphi and evian begin strolling down the garden path .
they finally turned into the long gravel driveway that curled through the ornate gardens .
she stared at the glass but saw nothing of the back garden beyond .
at the overgrown rear of the garden , behind an empty apple tree , gooseberry bushes and runner beans , brock stood and watched as james was chased from the drive .
the torch beams scoured the back garden , lighting up the panelled fence and darting between overgrown bushes and shrubs .
the torch beams were now flitting around the garden again , jumping between shadowy corners and under bushes and trees .
he allowed a moment for the policeman to leave then ran and dived head first over the back garden wall and into the churchyard .
as she turned to stare out the window at the garden beyond , the sun highlighted the bags under her eyes and emphasised the grey hue of her skin .
right , lead me to my cuppa andy she ordered and linking her arm in mine we walked up the garden path towards the house .
as we turned the corner into the back garden that was similar to the front , with the exception of an expanse of perfectly manicured lawn , john appeared from the herbaceous border , with clippers in one hand and an old - fashioned gardeners basket in the other .
we found gordons cottage , almost a replica of johns in bishops down funnily enough , except there were not so many apple trees here and the garden was a little more contemporary with some large ferns and sub - tropical plants adorning the front garden .
we found gordons cottage , almost a replica of johns in bishops down funnily enough , except there were not so many apple trees here and the garden was a little more contemporary with some large ferns and sub - tropical plants adorning the front garden .
there was silence in the room apart from the slow , rhythmic tick - tock of the clock up on the mantelpiece and the faint twitter of birds in the garden .
we wandered through the company gardens and spent some time looking round the south african museum , which was situated at the end of a broad cobbled avenue lined with oak trees that looked old enough to have been here when frederick had arrived .
i avoided the question neatly and brought a close to the day all in one sentence and so rose from my seat and closed the doors to the garden .
she was nearly shouting by now and then she jumped up and ran from the room into the garden .
both michael and fortune , the garden boy , were just doing a job like most of us , working for someone else , making a living .
when shed arrived back at the hostel shed decided to skip her planned activity and wander around the house and gardens , enjoying the silence .
in his spare time he loves to cook , garden , go to the theater to watch horror movies with his friends , read , talk about food , bake amazing desserts , play with his dog buffy ( yes named after the character in the tv show ) and draw - badly .
that evening he was wrapped up against the cold in the back garden .
and then the shed door exploded out and a great big grey pig ran out into the garden squealing , steam coming out of its nose , its snout , in great clouds and then it stopped suddenly .
and then dylans dad ran into the garden with a cricket bat in his hand and stopped as suddenly as the pig and the man had .
as we approached the area , i could already see the two- and three - story antebellum mansions immaculately maintained and each with its own lush gardens surrounding it .
the windows , themselves , were floor - to - ceiling in the guillotine style offering a stunning view of the gardens outside .
bryony stood at the door of the cottage , watching in dismay as her friends departed hastily through the garden gate .
as she passed a window , she saw the garden beyond was flooded with monsters .
during such lessons , she and tahir strolled through the gardens alone .
tahir asked , as they strolled through the royal gardens as they often did .
she has planned a special lunch for the two of us in the rose garden .
grandfathers grave was behind the house , a small walk from the garden , and she would lay flowers upon it when spring came , on his birthday .
accompanied by the greatest explosion of light seen in england since the mysterious boom in the days of alfred , the jolly roger popped into existence in the long water section of the gardens .
few could believe the once mythical jolly roger was real and bobbing in the gardens .
actually , every last pirate aboard the jolly roger was a former lost boy and their feelings all matched tommys to a t. once the sails had been tucked away , the anchor cast and the gangplank stretched from ship to bank , the senior lost men followed their captain through the gardens .
back on land , constables taped off the gardens to keep out riffraff and reporters .
the stroll to the gardens in the nippy air would have given her a rollicking feeling any other day .
when she reached the spot where the tiniest baby in the gardens lay in its stroller , llewelyn sighed .
i left the garden and entered the ballroom .
he insisted on regular coats of new paint and the small garden was a pleasure to behold .
from the corner of his eye dr mocke caught a movement in the garden shrubs .
i wanted to show you how the rising sun causes the clouds to rise and change , ka said as he stepped away from the railing and crossed the garden .
go out the back door and take the garden path .
he knew she was worried about syph , it was obvious on her face when she turned away and followed him swiftly across the garden path .
the garden of wills family home had been so perfect in the april sunlight .
beth , the youngest at sixteen , stood in the window overlooking the gardens and sobbed noisily .
leigh spent a lot of time alone in her room or walking the lovely gardens behind the banning house .
he headed his pearl white cadillac deville , one of the last things he purchased with nikki 's approval , between well - kept lawns and gardens to door e. ` ` what 's wrong , mike ? ''
` ` we 'd love to see your gorgeous garden and home . ''
said veron , brusquely , looking at several creatures lurking around , but titto gazed at the slightly open door across the garden .
at the end of the garden the house was built of ancient stone , or so uncle ira said .
summer 's touch was upon the garden , a vast expanse stretching out before him .
there were times when he suspected that ira was not even in the garden at all , but in the end there he would be , in some place or another , although the boy felt certain he had already been that way earlier and his uncle had not been there then .
tom looked out over the garden , his gaze taking in many of the places he knew so well , the apple grove where he had spent summer days , the old pond where he had thrown stones at his reflection , watching the ripples with childish fascination .
when finally it was over , the once great house in flames , she walked across a long garden where shortly before there had been row upon row of red roses , but now there was only carnage , petals scattered amongst the wreckage .
he had no such difficulty in remembering his own world , the experiences that had shaped his life , but details became hazy and faint when he searched his head for memories since he and tom had climbed the oak tree at the end of the garden .
mounting the stairs , tom quickly checked the bedrooms - although he did not expect to find them there , as it was not their habit to spend much time upstairs during the day - then returning once more through the kitchen and out into the garden , he scanned the trees and bushes for movement , hoping to catch a sight of them , but nothing stirred .
tom glanced over his shoulder , trying to catch a glimpse of his friends , but he could n't see anything at all , the bulk of the massive hedge obscuring his view , and then he was climbing , up into the arms of the tree and down once more , down into the garden .
tony could still see evidence of the gardens recent reconstruction , however .
our job to sort it out i reckon , i said dryly , looking into an open workshop at the end of the garden , floor to ceiling shelves covered in unidentifiable metal objects .
we made our way into the front garden , jasper jumping up at us but thankfully no longer barking .
climbing out of my bedroom window onto the roof of the lean - to , i made my way stealthily to the driveway beside the house , before sneaking to the end of the front garden .
we walked off up the garden in search of something new .
the garage sat all on its own at the end of the driveway , halfway down the back garden .
after a couple of minutes al came out into the back garden alone .
we soon passed old ships house ; in the front garden was one of his small boats , possibly the one we d attempted to sail to haywich .
coutier , gomes and labonne came running into the gardens , looking everywhere for rego .
all he could see was the water , far below the gardens .
they stood up and walked out of the garden together .
why d he go climb some garden wall , ifn he s all round an fally ?
a figure emerged from the darkness within , but before his golden locks were even fully out of the carriage , kalis resolve broke and she was running down the garden path .
so much for decorum , their mother grumbled as she , lord wythnos and jera walked down the garden path at a more sedate pace than kali had set .
he put his arm around her and led her down the garden path .
even in the darkness the few lit braziers around the statues and gardens allowed him to see the various hues of blues and shades of orange , and the lush greenery that surrounded him .
i drop my eyelashes to the manicured lawn and flower gardens , not shining in the far away moonlight .
i finger the staircase leading down into the beautiful gardens , a circular swimming pool , three rows of horse stables and other outside brick buildings at dogtrot plantation .
the passengers got out of the car , walked around the garden , came up to a small pond emitting freshness and easily found an empty bench in the shadow of a shaggy oak .
dinner was served up on a small patio , artfully set further back in the garden .
i sat down at my desk by the window and looked out into the garden .
here we came together to talk and relax on white garden chairs , having tea , while hinny , our wily grey cat , watched us from the top floor balcony .
the letter went on about the features of house and garden and how sweet tony had been .
we sipped our cocktails and walked around the peaceful hotel gardens one last time .
andrew did n't mind my bringing pauli , as long as he was on a chain in the back garden .
i made tea and we sat in the garden on my modest furniture before gabby left .
it conjured up images of our house and the summery back garden , the smell of our kitchen and of the pub where i 'd meet with friends .
i traipsed to the backdoor and looked out into the garden .
they really had sheep and dwarf cows in the back garden !
but first there was still gabby 's garden party .
gabby 's garden party was postponed to the following saturday .
` ` daisy thought she had seen a man in the gardens last night as she cleaned the linen . ''
` ` you can only get into the gardens by entering the house . ''
in the lease it was stated that there was only to be no more than two horses on the property and they were to be kept out of the garden .
i would be privileged to give you a tour of the house and gardens later , he said showing anya another beautiful smile .
since her arrival the day before she 'd toured the formal gardens with mr . pendleton and later walked down to the estate 's private beach .
she saw the wrought iron fire escape , winding down from the last house to its scrap of a back garden .
she took the steps four at a time , vaulting round the corners on the banister rail , descending as fast as she could towards the gloom of the gardens below .
the room had two windows facing out over the back gardens and a large wood and leather couch faced the view .
` ` in your front garden , mum . ''
he strode across the domed garden without a good bye .
they were enjoying they re third cup of tea that day while their bodyguard quentin patrolled the garden with a pair of pruners and a battle axe .
it seemed so out of place here , this monstrous home and its beautiful gardens .
if this house were left untended for just six months , the luxuriant gardens would be overgrown with vines and weeds .
anna you must never take that off while you are inside the manor , even within the square gardens .
butterflies and bumblebee birds fluttered everywhere , and lilting turtledove song added to the serenity of the garden .
he dragged me to a spot near the garden , in the shade of an elm tree .
most of the houses were cottages with overstuffed gardens that belonged in fairy tales .
we strolled down the winding paths through the gardens .
i finally had the presence of mind to flick my gaze past the man , down the garden path , and out onto the street .
in seconds the police in the squad cars outside were making their way up the garden path , and more than a few of them had their hands on their weapons .
it roared up the garden path , scattered the branches in the oaks by the house , and blasted against my face .
swearing loudly , i dropped what i was doing , ran out the door , and sprinted down the garden path as fast as i could .
narrowing my eyes at the back of her head as i followed her down the garden path , i realized it would be a long day .
get in the house now , dear , ignore the attractive man on the garden path , granny warned , clutching at my hand and tugging me along .
quick , throw your teddy bear at it , jacob jokingly suggested from my side before he pushed past me , pulled down on his tie , and headed for the garden path .
that is how you save somebody , jacob looked down at me pointedly , then he turned away and headed for the garden path .
more than that , as i glanced over jacob 's shoulder and beyond my garden gate , i could n't see what i had moments before .
though a little hesitant , i walked right up the garden path and reached the door , knocking on it primly .
the gardens outside really were beautiful , and i could swear that the storm waging war with the city looked less severe from in here .
serena skirts the garden checking for footprints though she ca n't imagine werewolves would dare go near it .
she could not undo her behavior at the alderman bulwics garden party nor the bitter words spoken with martin during their trip home .
she had a garden party planned for that afternoon but conceded that her players could not possibly play .
he scanned the garden , confirmed that it was still empty , and slipped out into the dusk .
the back garden was bright with so much greenery , it was almost blinding .
they walked across the garden , found nothing worth taking , and cautiously entered the umbrous house .
he raced between the guards and on through the lavish gardens the perfume of flowers nearly strong enough to overcome the musk of his dripping horse .
my garden is suffering in her absence .
the gardens were filled with apple trees , and tall grass .
you do n't just stand here by the gate , looking into the garden , do you ? ''
alex looked up and scanned the living room , looked out over the yard and garden .
the garden was similar to her grandmother 's estate , without the house and other assorted structures , of course .
` ` in vampire psychic space , i ' ve been beyond the garden of eden .
when the two young men reached the garden , they found it much lighter than might have been fairly expected ; for not only was the morning rapidly approaching , but the mill was still burning , and those mingled lights made almost every object plainly visible , except when deep shadows were thrown from some gigantic trees that had stood for centuries in that sweetly wooded spot .
it so happened that george and henry bannerworth , along with mr . marchdale , had just reached the gate which conducted into the garden of the mansion when they all were alarmed by the report of a pistol .
henry made prodigious haste , and was in the garden immediately below the bay window in a wonderfully short space of time .
that a wound then had been inflicted upon some one , the blood beneath the window now abundantly testified ; and when it was discovered , henry and charles made a very close examination indeed of the garden , to discover what direction the wounded figure , be it man or vampyre , had taken .
flora , with the exception of the alarm she experienced from the firing of the pistol , had met with no disturbance , and that , in order to spare her painful reflections , they told her was merely done as a precautionary measure , to proclaim to any one who might be lurking in the garden that the inmates of the house were ready to defend themselves against any aggression .
they followed it , i understand , as well as they were able , and saw it scale the garden wall of the premises ; there it escaped , leaving , as you may well imagine , on all their minds , a sensation of horror difficult to describe .
what was familiarly in the family at the hall called the garden , was a semi - circular piece of ground shaded in several directions by trees , and which was exclusively devoted to the growth of flowers .
he did so , and the young men , from the window , beheld sir francis walking slowly across the garden , and then saw mr . marchdale follow on his track .
while they were thus occupied , a tremendous ringing came at the gate , but their attention was so riveted to what was passing in the garden , that they paid not the least attention to it .
by this time the party , including the admiral , jack , george bannerworth , and marchdale , had got more than half - way across the garden , and were observed by charles holland and henry , who had come to the steps of the hall to see what was going on .
the garden was so quiet , so peaceful .
meg was thinking , how beautiful and magical this rose garden is !
ken was thinking , how strange and mysterious this rose garden is !
the gardens lay to the south and had been designed once again in the feldorian style with statues , fountains and endless concentric hedges .
the driveway that rambled from the gates in the perimeter wall ran along the western edge of the main garden .
on the far side of the garden there was a small pear orchard and then the estate walls .
she laughed again , a tinkling chuckle that would have been at home in a formal garden party .
as witichkin sprinted back to the garden , veunic watched him get little with his heels nearly touching his back with every tread .
the side facing the sea is left open so the full extent of the keep and its gardens is visible to any ship approaching .
after the events in the great hall , the scene in the garden is comparatively tranquil .
students and apprentices , acolytes of the ancient arts , all walked about the stone pathways , some stopping to enjoy the gardens , some scurrying past , scrolls locked in their hands .
these quietly giggling girls cleared the breakfast room , while abington took his pacing out into the open air of the gardens .
there was also , as donna had described to him , a guest house on the other side of the pool and the gardens , and that was where the maids went in the evening after their day was over .
in her imagination , if left on her own , she would go to a big white house , with manicured lawns and beautiful gardens , and lots of pretty flowers .
from the library this garden , though vibrant and animated , bore the quiet of glass over it .
and with that quiet came not the garden itself , but a portrait of secrets and emblems .
the king wandered over to the window and peered down into the gardens .
luncheons , dinners , garden parties , all of them an excuse for callastons noble matrons to inflict their bachelor sons upon her .
her entire manse and gardens could easily have fit inside the ballroom .
all the best entertainments and delicacies are out in the gardens , of course .
if shed rather tarry in the gardens , or just sit in the servants hall and talk , liam was always game .
one afternoon they took tea out in the garden , with the menfolk nowhere in sight .
it would please me to take my lady to visit baroness dyanes gardens .
baroness dyanes house major said he d been expecting them , and led them through the manse to the gardens behind it .
hedenham town was less cramped than callaston , so the gardens stretched out of sight into the distancealthough perhaps it was an illusion , for the garden had many winding paths , high hedges , and topiaries shaped like birds , fish , and deer , and one that appeared to be an enormous frog .
hedenham town was less cramped than callaston , so the gardens stretched out of sight into the distancealthough perhaps it was an illusion , for the garden had many winding paths , high hedges , and topiaries shaped like birds , fish , and deer , and one that appeared to be an enormous frog .
as they passed the reflecting pool at the far edge of the gardens , she came to a halt .
tayas chambers were high in the palace , overlooking the gardens .
your highness , is there any way i might be permitted to at least visit the gardens ?
the gardens below were as dark as pitch .
and you requested my assistance in cornering a particular young woman out in the gardens .
the lights from the house illuminated beautiful gardens , well maintained with numerous flowers and plants .
there were several water pools between the gardens and more fig and apple trees spaced out proportionately around the edges of the court .
as he entered the house from the garden he met kezmin in the hall and knew at once that something was very much wrong .
they picked up their swords , went into the gardens , and sparred .
the group walked into the gardens .
she wistfully turned the pages of the book before her , revealing more and more of the beautiful illustrations , this time of gloriously dressed ladies walking alone in gardens or staring sadly out of windows .
she laughed in delight as swallows swooped low across the gardens fountains , dipping their beaks in the pooling water .
he stalked morosely over to the window that looked out onto the palace gardens .
as he readied his bags in his room , the sun set over the palace gardens and shadows crept around its massive walls , but they were only friendly shadows , utterly benign .
they camped in the park - like grounds behind the palace gardens , coming in and out of it frequently to visit with uncle wick .
he was walking by himself in the formal palace gardens , which adjoined the kitchen garden by a small brick - lined arch .
he came out into the kitchen garden and stood with his arms crossed over his chest , glaring at lord quentin , or amandie , or possibly the fact that lord quentin was holding amandies hand .
he disappeared back through the arch and out into the palace gardens , singing to himself the second chorus of a popular love song .
part 4 the wish everyone who came to the palace admired its gardens and even though he lived there and was therefore used to them , the bard was no exception .
but whenever he was restless or worried he went out past the gardens , further down , to the rolling stretch of parkland that had once been a wood so thick it could nt be seen beyond .
the park beyond the palace gardens wished for something it could never have again and so did the bard , which was why the two got along .
lady erin was standing on the open balcony , to his right , the one which looked out over the palace gardens .
she wandered out into the palace gardens , and as she did so , she began to sing .
the floor - length windows of the ballroom had been flung open and ladies in fine gowns and gentlemen in fancy dress spilled out into the garden .
when the song was done , the faerie woman waited , but although the kings silhouette disappeared from the window , it did not appear in the garden .
the faerie blinked away her tears , and then walked on , leaving the fountain and the garden behind .
he went to open the window and looked out over the garden , where lady erin had sung to him last night .
he walked out into the palace gardens , past the flowerbeds , and even past the rose - colored fountain .
but she was glad she had taken her hand away from cals mouth when a dark figure appeared in the palace gardens , and she recognized the now familiar shape of wick the bard .
when the queen remained silent and apparently distracted , amandie looked out into the garden herself .
she took both of her brothers hands in hers as the gardens buzzed around them .
to show she meant no offense , she kissed her brothers cheek , then took his arm once again and pulled him down the garden path , resting her head on his shoulder .
she briefly envisioned living here one day , walking these gardens to her hearts content .
it might very well work , he said , rising and beginning to pace the garden path , but that is hardly the point .
the flowers really were quite lovely ; if her time ever came to live here permanently , she might reside in these very gardens .
well , not totally in vain ; she had at least been able to enjoy the gardens .
he just continued watching the array of fairy lights twinkling throughout the garden .
the convent stood on the crest of the botanical gardens , overlooking the town of daylesford , victoria and was an impressive nineteenth- century gothic mansion .
she had just stepped outside to explore the gardens when aaron caught up with her , his arms circling around her waist as he crept up from behind .
there were many smaller rooms where she could be hiding within the castle , or she could even have gone to the chapel ; but as the light was beginning to fade , keira decided to search the gardens first .
heading through the low hall , she made her way through the kitchen garden .
i thought i would search the gardens before the light is completely gone , and then head back inside to search some of the smaller rooms .
there was a small field beyond the garden and he dug a grave there , laying his beautiful lamisha to rest .
but before henrietta wandered up her sisters garden path , she paused and tugged brick to the side .
nestor went out into the gardens , then back inside to prowl around the kitchens for a while .
he opened his eyes and looked down from the long hallway and balcony to the grounds and gardens below : he was above the fountain , in the hall adjacent to penellas wing .
lovely ilene , i would very much enjoy a walk in the gardens with you .
he escorted ilene towards the glass doors leading to the gardens .
he opened them and she stepped into the most exquisite gardens she had ever seen .
the sheer size of the gardens overwhelmed her at least twice that of the library itself .
she s stopped spilling energy , said nathan , sagging to his knees and shaking , drawing in huge gulps of air and looking around the gardens for witnesses ; there were none .
he admired the beautiful gardens on either side .
they scattered , and lodden and casim jogged back along the arched walk through the gardens to the royal apartments .
casim led the way down from the gardens to a tiny back gate from the palace .
it took some years but when i left , the gardens were lush and green , scented with many exotic flowers .
i doubt the gardens are still so beautiful now .
it is a fine house with mosaic floors and a little stream flowing through the gardens .
they sat in the cool evening freshness of the gardens , drinking chilled wine which had just been brought from the snow cellars .
a wall of arching glass windows displayed a wondrous view of lady camireys rose garden outside .
korsten tracked the somber melody to lady camireys solarium , a lovely room of windows with a view of the rose garden below .
he carried himself slowly to the bench and sat down so that he faced the rose garden .
he d come to be in a room that reminded him very much of lady camireys solarium , except that it was at ground level and the windows were open archways draped with flowering vines , rather than glass overlooking a rose garden .
tiran took me outside to the palace gardens and spoke of lighterand more harmless subjects .
owen and i took a quick stroll through the chilly gardens , enjoying each others company .
i think the house reminds me of a very rugged better homes and gardens display .
the trees in the gardens were willowy , and towered above the walls , hiding the gray skies .
the door to the gardens was just ahead , where the ceremony was going to take place .
we had reached the gardens .
his eyes darted from , around the gardens , searching for soea !
often he passed into a happy oblivion , ruling wisely from his garden bench , with a drunken smile of idiotic contentment on his patrician face , until his servants were summoned to take him indoors and lay the head of state to sleep in his magnificent feather bed .
he was not , and so had merely experienced these things , however , on that night he was instantly excited as soon as he sensed the strange and dangerous creature that was lurking in the garden .
you interested in a walk in the gardens ?
aleria shook her head , and went over and sat on her swivel chair , elbows propped on her desk , staring at the garden outside the bay window .
a new partner soon tea in the garden , was announced , and they all filed out into the sunlight .
* * * ophelia was enjoying watching the squirrels in the garden .
there in the garden was a large silver fox seemingly waiting for her .
after dinner yesterday , clarissa and i snuck outside to walk around the palace gardens .
but first , i must show you these wonderful gardens .
i walked through the gardens , and i came out to an open field from which i could view the chteau in all its majesty .
the low moon lit the grounds , and i could hear far - off shrieks of delight as people chased each other through the rose gardens .
we ran through the gardens and headed to a small pond behind the back of the chteau .
we sat in the shade of the chteau looking out at the beautiful garden .
after an early breakfast , i went to my room and then wanted to go for a walk outside through the gardens , hoping to find henri .
i sought him out and after dinner this evening he and i walked the gardens .
he left my room and i stared out at the gardens , listening to the crickets .
we will walk the gardens here , talk of poetry , and be as before .
by a fountain , out in the gardens outside of the chteau , he restrung his lute , and two of the french nobility asked him about me .
we had run through the chteaus gardens , and i sat on a stone bench to catch my breath .
cruise shivered as he remembered bolting as fast as he could the minute he saw paul black and his wife enter the kitchen , which faced the back garden .
i whispered , as we ran across the garden .
when my feet touched level ground i dashed away , over the garden wall and up a sandy path , which i knew lead to the meadow .
in the mornings she attended , often on her own , to his ablutions and dressing , and after they breakfasted in her bedchamber , where no one could listen to their private chat even though queen firalda did most of the talking , while fantyr responded with imperceptible nods and slight flickers of his beautiful face they went for a long stroll around the palace gardens , the prince carried in a chair by four strong bearers .
a mob of them thronged her sisters gardens .
they are scouting around the house and the gardens to see if they can secure it ... in case ... um ... go join them , elly said with a smile .
she was closing in from the other side of the house , near the eastern gardens .
i do n't understand why they would come to the gardens during the battle .
prologue tulips and roses mingled among the foxgloves that blanketed the garden .
the shops were only round the corner , she could see the front garden of her house from here .
he lithely crept down the stairs and walked past the lounge doorway , aidens mother was still engrossed in her tv show and never noticed as mordalayn made for the open kitchen door and vanished into the back garden .
the dogs snarled in the background and cries from the men pursuing them echoed around the vast gardens of the castle estate .
the boy was pointing back to the garden and to the house , talking excitedly .
i m sure the boys would love to explore the gardens with you max , she suggested .
who d like to see the gardens and my lovely animals then ?
come on , ill show you , the fairy said beaming and flew into the back garden .
a mother deer and her fawn leapt across the open gardens that now cover in white .
the garden was shadowed , then .
` ` have you looked upon the garden from such a high place ? ''
so ill - feeling was he that a shadow seemed to drape itself about the little cottage and the garden thereabouts and even the sun seemed uneasy in her shining .
but such was not the character of either wind or weather , for it was late spring and the birds sang in their varied choruses , the garden was a tapestry of bud and bloom , and joyous was the sun treading the depthless blue of the heavens .
i warned you , said garret grimly as he grasped his brothers cold , trembling hand ; they melted together into a puddle , leaving the garden silent and empty with only the moon looking on .
she walked to the window , which looked down onto the churchs central garden and the cloisters .
staring out his window overlooking the lower cloister and garden , father tomas thought for a moment .
nyasha sat in a chair at a bay window looking out on the sanctuarys garden , bent over herself with her face in her hands , sobbing bitterly as moonlight painted silver over her plaited head and convulsing shoulders .
be it the early morning sunshine gleaming across the verdurous grounds beneath his feet or the chirping of the birds in the neem tree located in the far corner of the garden , his senses were exulting in one and all alike and taking delight in the whole unison of it .
we were alone in the world then , and i believe he planned it that wayfor time to stop , for the lights in the distance to dim , for the wind to stop stirring the chimes in the garden .
for helen , its a bright windy october morning in the luxembourg gardens with richard , in one - sided discussion of guide - book places for the third afternoon of their honeymoon .
she s driven out of her mind the dangerous split - second image of the luxembourg gardens with the splashing fountain and richard restless by her side .
thank you , sir , thank you , thank you , he stammers to the snoring old gentleman and leaves the elegant public garden , trying to recall why its so important for him to get down to the river .
she looked at the desk , the window , the garden , then back at her godmother , who was no longer there .
when the hail stopped chris looked through the window , the garden and street were buried under a layer of glistening white hailstones .
he gasped , watching the showers of sparks and shattered branches spraying across the front garden as the tree turned into a giant torch .
another , with a long wiry fringe of white hair around a bald pate stood peering out a window into the gardens .
i gave you everything three days ago at lady ansharates garden tea .
once they were in the garden she made sure they were away from any possible listening ears before she spoke .
you re supposed to be a mere acquaintance showing me the garden in order to attract my attention , and we ve been standing in one place talking seriously for too long .
like their owner , the gardens would need a couple of generations to settle in .
do nt worry , we had to cancel the formal garden party .
there was a low wall along the garden side of the terrace and at the top of the steps were two large urns , one on each side planted with small conifers and more of the winter flowering plants .
however , when they left the gardens and park , the stink of the city hit him again .
they hurried through the formal gardens and past the fountain with its wonderful golden fish with barely a glance , and through the door that was being held open for them by the elf , daramissillo .
their ways parted at the gates of the dukes residence and carthinal and bas , after leaving their weapons at the gatehouse as usual , and with bass usual grumbling about it , walked through the park and gardens to the house .
rollo gave a brief nod , and turned once more to contemplate the gardens .
there were windows on the right , overlooking the gardens and the small park beyond .
a window overlooked the drive , and another , with large patio doors opened out to the west and overlooked the garden .
he rose and wandered outside into the gardens .
the bricks , once strong , have long since crumbled ; the mortar long since chipped away ; the garden beds choked by tall yellowed grasses .
she suddenly shifted and a dragon sat incongruously in the palace gardens .
his front garden was all ashes now .
the young lady turned around , looking at the long gardens that led to the keep .
besides the gorgeous flowers , exquisite topiary animals had been placed in the gardens .
no longer a stranger to the gardens , she effortlessly chose the correct paths .
paramita smiled and stood up , she followed ali and hafizs lead towards the back garden .
they walked past the huge garden , and through several lengthy corridors before they reached the lounge room .
the chief of staff was in the front garden with a radio .
he took her by the arm and dragged her with him out to the garden .
he snorted , flicking antony in the head before walking down the driveway toward the gardens .
the only things she did with any sort of regularity were her garden , stargazing and the piano , andrew said .
and that was true , even though she knew the temple and its gardens were largely illusions .
let me show you the gardens .
there were magical enchantments , talismans , and hex wards dotted throughout the garden and grounds .
she pressed a hand onto the sill and stared down at the garden below .
there were large , gilded windows to the left that offered sweeping views of the garden , with the stacks and towers of the city only barely visible over the tops of the trees .
and , of course , do nt leave the gardens .
then she walked down the garden path .
luminaria von tippit roared up the garden path , her paws scattering over the stones as she raced madly towards anna .
aaron , in his impeccable grey suit , raced down the garden path , his sleeves rolled high .
luminaria hissed at him as she sat imperiously in the middle of the garden path .
as the funeral had begun and the councillors said their words of farewell nerys , unescorted , appeared at the gate of garden , her cloak flapping wildly behind her like a war banner flying in the wind .
nerys agreed and two made their way from the garden to the hall .
as i walked down the stone stairs to get a look at the once majestic garden , something struck the side of the stairs , blasting smoke and stones up into the air .
` ` you could live in the botanical gardens , acres of open land .
the eucalyptus that lined the street just outside the garden wall was a heavy spicy scent that rode the air to mingle with the smell of the warm lemon trees .
i had no idea what about the garden made crystall look so shaken , and i did n't ask .
` ` what surrounds the garden ? ''
though still marked by the chill of winter night , the garden had begun to awaken to the spring .
like the house , the garden was modest and beautiful .
surrounded upon all sides by the three - story manor , hanging and climbing vines hid the silvery marble of the building almost completely , so that the garden seemed more like a glade in a heavy forest than part of a metropolitan household .
voices called out from the street outside , and only a moment later , an elderly but robust - looking man in fine robes limped quickly into the garden .
lives are in danger , and our only hope of getting anyone to do anything about it is to bow our knee to fashion in order to curry favor at a garden party .
the tiny courtesan folded her hands in her lap and stared pointedly out the carriage 's window , and the remainder of the short trip to the garden party passed in silence .
music floated throughout the garden , pipes , strings , a slow drum , and a wooden flute full of merry dignity .
serai pulled isana aside and spent a moment peering around the garden .
the little courtesan 's eyes swept around the garden .
she turned back to rhodes , and said something else , then turned and immediately crossed the garden to isana and the woman in the red gown .
serai looked across the garden at lady aquitaine , and isana felt her start trembling more severely .
isana looked back and met lady aquitaine 's cool grey eyes from across the garden .
a startled silence settled over the garden , and isana felt the sudden pressure of every gaze at the party being directed toward them .
how are you doing , little things that happened at home , that she 's staying at the manor of someone named nedus on garden lane . ''
she 's at the garden party being given by lord kalare . ''
tavi paused outside lord kalare 's manor on garden lane and studied it for a long moment , frowning .
he led them through more of the same lavish decadence to the gardens at the center of the manor .
a strident male voice boomed in the garden , and was followed by a polite round of cheering and applause .
she inclined her head to tavi , smiled again at max , then turned back to the garden , dismissing them with the same flick of her hand she 'd used for the majordomo .
the boy all but flew down the festively lit and decorated garden lane .
when i met her at kalare 's garden party , i thought for a moment that she was about to assault me .
upon reaching garden lane , he studied it for a moment with a kind of half - amused dismay .
he licked his lips nervously , and said , ` ` i was bid tell lady placida by tavi patronus gaius ex calderon that he sends his most respectful greetings and sincere apologies for the ruse he used to speak to you at lord kalare 's garden party .
the dress lady aquitaine had provided her was of the same exotic and expensive silk she 'd shown off at the garden party , though in a much more modest cut .
it had been a place of awe and worship for thousands of years ; today the millions of tourists who walked through the gardens and swung their way across the swing - a - long bridge had the same effect as water turning a million prayer wheels .
more of the black slaves stood guard at the foot of the terrace stairs , and in the gardens the kazilik dragons lay in sinuously knotted heaps , their glittering yellow eyes slitted open and resting watchfully on temeraire .
the guards made no objections if any of them came down to speak with temeraire , in the gardens just beneath the kiosques , but they shook their heads genially when laurence pointed over their shoulders to the paved walkway that led towards the rest of the grounds .
many looked over curiously at laurence and his crew , the boys slowing in their progress to stare at the dragons sitting in the garden , but they made no answer if called - to , only hurrying on prudently .
dunne and hackley and portis were jostling one another for the glass , hanging nearly halfway over the terrace railing with twenty feet down to solid stone pavement , trying recklessly to peer across the garden : an official was speaking with a woman - or a man , or an orang - utang , so far as could be told from externals .
` ` yes , '' he answered , and went to wash in the fountain , still half - asleep ; he went down into the gardens , nodding civilly to the yawning guards , and temeraire nudged at him with interest .
` ` and laurence , i am afraid that is not the only - well , you will see for yourself , '' and together they went around to the garden - side : the kazilik dragons had gone , but in their stead another dozen dragons had been set around temeraire , so that the garden was grown crowded , and a couple of them were obliged even to perch atop the backs of others .
he created something of a noise , and then came out to the gardens where laurence was sitting with temeraire and laboring over yet another letter .
having finished this incoherent speech , he turned and stormed out of the garden ; and in his wake a handful of the dragons sheepishly leapt into the air and flew away : plainly they were not under any orders to guard temeraire at all .
` ` i know , laurence , '' he said , and rose up to go and speak to the other dragons , who were still gathered behind them in the garden , watching ; and when he had seen them all flit away again , he padded away with head bowed low to curl himself brooding in the shade of the cypress - trees .
temeraire had retreated further within the gardens ; when laurence at last came on him , temeraire was still sitting curled quietly , his distress betrayed only by the furrows which he had gouged deep in the ground before him .
a dozen nightingales were singing , pent in some nearby aviary ; no other sound disturbed them a long while , and then emily came running through the garden and calling , ` ` sir , sir , '' until panting she reached them and said , ` ` sir , pray come , they want to take dunne and hackley and hang them . ''
mr . granby , we will assemble in the garden for punishment at the stroke of eleven ; see to it the bell is rung . ''
in the outer gardens , pleasure - pavilions stood overlooking the sea , and a single great towering column loomed up against the half - moon while they ran across the lawns ; then they were safely across the open ground and into the thickets left wild upon the hillside , ivy blanketing scraps of old , old ruins , arches built of brick and columns tumbled onto their sides .
they had remained in the garden to hold their low - voiced discussion , and temeraire now observed , in faintly wistful tones , ` ` it does sound like a very great deal of gold , '' not disputing granby 's remark in the least .
legionares were stationed outside its front garden , and tavi spotted one of the senator 's singulares , a small , dark - haired woman with a bow , on watch at the house 's front door .
negotiations of one kind or another were in progress in rooms below and above her , as well as in the house 's tiny garden , and from the feel of it , they were ferocious affairs .
the shutters gave the windows an open , welcoming look , and the garden would ' ve been lovely at any other time of the year .
their voices rose and fell in the courtyard garden , a lovely place for such a reunion .
her suite on the top floor had a magnificent view of the garden and the boston common , and a lot of grand rooms -- as well as excellent room service .
putting the thought out of his mind , jim walked through the garden 's back gate and went around to the front entrance .
his eyes shot across the garden , but his head did n't shift and his weight did n't pivot .
his eyes were trained on the rear garden .
on its wavy plane , she could see out the windows into the garden and watch those all- wrongs wending around .
bursting through the kitchen , he hit the door out into the garden , opening it wide -- over in the far corner , jim 's buddies were bookending a glowing cell phone , looking like they 'd been kneed in the balls .
bracing his hands on the kitchen sink , he leaned into his shoulders and stared out at the back garden .
he and adrian landed in the walled garden in a shimmering blaze and they kept themselves hidden from prying eyes because it was only four in the afternoon .
jim 's shrewd eyes refocused on the rear garden like he expected an infiltration at any moment .
the gentle , fading light of the gloaming softened the tree line that ran around the six acres of fields and gardens and bathed the clapboard in a buttery illumination .
` ` only if there were room enough for a dragon , '' laurence said , and excused himself to step outside and take the air : in the dark , with the lights of the house shining and the garden full of palm - trees and fruit bats obscured , he might have been at exactly that sort of manor , which he might indeed have imagined for himself , six years and a lifetime ago .
some young citizen 's puppy thinks he 's better than us enlisted men cause he 's taken one turn around the rose garden with a legion that never marched out of sight of his city ? ''
he glanced over his shoulder , at the battlements rising above the garden , and the old lord 's face settled into deeper lines , marks of worry and grief etched in the shadows on his face .
then the old man , his anger wrapped around him like a cloak , spun on his heel and strode from the garden barking orders to his startled - looking men , his voice ringing from the walls .
gaius inclined his head , and lady aquitaine departed the garden .
quinn 's garden was gorgeous in the afternoon sunlight .
in the middle of the garden was what had to be a thatched cottage because no - one would build a haystack that badly .
i bet you ca n't wait to be up and repairing her cottage for her , and getting the garden back in good order , and seeing she has fresh milk every day and a good supply of wood , right ?
the garden was still empty .
then he looked around the walled garden until he found a spot in full sunshine , and put the reptile down , on its back .
there were members of the holy guard , armed with bows , in the garden .
fountains bubbled in the gardens , and swallows flew in and out of the windows .
a series of thumps and a squawk a little way off suggested that the chicken house at the end of the garden had parted company with the ground .
the walled garden had been stripped of its walks and arbors and was now waist high in green stalks with white flowers .
she 'd stepped out beyond what were the gardens from the point of view of the royal family and into what were the gardens from the point of view of everyone else - beyond the world of hedges and topiary and herb gardens and into the world of old sheds , piles of flowerpots , compost and , just here , beehives .
at home - correction , at the cottage where she used to live - there had been a privy at the bottom of the garden .
there was a wasps ' nest in the garden wall .
elves prowled the castle gardens .
he maintained the little zoo , and the racehorse stable , and even recognized that the gardens themselves were of extreme historic interest because this was so obviously the case .
but the patrician rather liked the gardens , in a quiet kind of way .
he had certain views about the mentality of most of mankind , and the gardens made him feel fully justified .
it would n't have a rather tasteless garden .
beyond death 's garden were fields of corn , their golden sheen the only colour in the landscape .
the cornfields had gone , but the garden was pretty much the same .
lord vetinari was sitting in the palace gardens , watching the butterflies with an expression of mild annoyance .
no - one was quite certain what forces bloody stupid 's designs tapped , but the chiming sundial frequently exploded , the crazy paving had committed suicide and the cast iron garden furniture was known so have melted on three occasions .
' of course , they can go mental , your occult types , ' it said , as it swooped over the moonlit garden .
after a second or two a ginger cat came through the flap , gave her an i'm - not - hungryand - you're- notinteresting look , and padded off into the gardens .
it looked out on to the black gardens .
for three weeks twyla thought her uncle 'd been buried in the sad patch behind the garden shed along with buster and meepo and all three bulgies . '
above him , looming over the temple gardens , the big stone statue of wen the eternally surprised sat with its face locked in its permanent wide - eyed expression of , yes , pleasant surprise .
there did n't appear to be a fire anywhere in the garden .
up on the raised stone platform that ran the whole length of the gardens were hundreds of smaller statues , mostly carved of wood , all of them painted in garish colours .
the garden did n't get much proper light .
vimes nodded , staring at the gravel garden .
tiffany ran through the garden , catching her nightdress on pea sticks and gooseberry bushes , and flung open the henhouse door .
she ran out to the bottom of the garden and looked through the hedge .
miss level helped her off the stick and sat her on the garden seat just outside the cottage door .
he was far too angry to hear the click of the garden gate and soft tread of approaching footsteps .
but mistress weatherwax told them it was caused by goblins who were attracted to the smell , and by the time they left that cottage mr raddle and three of his friends were already digging a new well the other end of the garden .
at the garden gate he grasped the post and pulled himself nearly vertical , panting .
his gleaming eyes looked around the garden .
miss treason , with her billowing black cloak and bandaged eyes and wild white hair ... miss treason with her two sticks , wandering the cottage and garden in the dark and frosty night , smelling the memory of flowers ... . all witches had some particular skill , and miss treason delivered justice .
and come and see what 's grown in the rose garden !
* the cottage was far too small for them all , so they spilled out into the garden in gossiping groups , like a flock of old crows or , possibly , chickens .
laughter and the occasional gurgle of passion filled the palace gardens , and the evening had just got to that interesting stage where everyone had drunk too much for their own good but not enough actually to fall over .
other wizards dozed in their studies , or took a gentle stroll around the gardens in order to work up an appetite for the evening 's feast ; about a dozen steps was usually considered quite sufficient .
' i shall show you , ' he said , and took a deep breath , ' maligree 's wonderful garden . '
the garden was a glittering ball in billias 's hands .
he went through the archchancellor 's garden , followed by a gaggle of wizards in the same way that a comet is followed by its tail , and did n't stop until he reached the banks of the ankh .
there were stone dragons on the gatepost , and the gardens had an unkempt overgrown look .
she did a quick sweep of the room and then went through the back door to the garden .
lovingly , her gaze traced the stately roof , the arched windows , and the long lawn , surrounded by the gardens she used to love keeping .
her head snapped around to one side as a figure emerged from the back garden .
she nodded and made grey no direct answer , but went silently back outside to the garden .
erasmus stopped before the garden gate , watching where his wife was reading to the girls , then said low and thoughtfully , ` ` i have not heard of it , if anyone has brought the gospel to the xhosa yet . ''
below them directly , the gardens of the tuileries had been widened , out from the banks of the seine nearly an additional quarter - of - a - mile in the opposite direction , swallowing up the place vendandocirc ; me into their boundaries ; and overlooking the riverbank , at right corners to the palace , a great pavilion in stone and marble was going up : an edifice in the roman style , but on a different scale .
temeraire shuddered , and drew himself back onto his haunches , staring blindly out into the gardens ; motionless .
they were escorted across the gardens to the great pavilion , together ; laurence marched in a company of imperial guards , splendid and sweating in their tall black shakos and blue coats .
he might have regretted it ; he did regret it , now , except there was no room in the gardens of that house for a dragon to be sleeping in the sun .
now all that stood between them and a comfortable tomorrow was a short jaunt up the aisle in the windowed chapel overlooking the duke of hurstgrove 's extensive garden , and an exchange of vows as the new year rang in .
wide - eyed , she stared out the back window at the hooded figures amassing in the gardens .
in the garden , behind the tomato plants that were snaking up a knotted wood plank , was a girl .
a week before we were set to fly over , i was sitting in the back garden enjoying my last days there in the evening sun with a cup of tea .
he walked himself over to the garden gate and disappeared into a faint shimmer that appeared and disappeared in a blink .
i was enjoying a small cup of espresso and the new lights we had installed over the garden while declan was reading a book with a flashlight .
for one , half the floor was divided into rooms with closed doors while the other half , the half facing the street , held a couple of chairs that must have had quite the view over the streets and gardens .
the he drew on his top - boots and his overcoat , and he went out through the kitchen garden .
it was slightly convex , so that it reflected more of the room than a flat mirror would do , and it gave a very good view of the outbuildings and gardens beyond the window .
then he selected a thin cigar and strolled out into the garden .
he had a warm room on the second floor , with a window that looked out onto the back gardens , and his baggage had already been unpacked .
` ` come see the garden . ''
a dark figure was already dashing down the pathway out of the gardens .
it was dull in the night , but as i sat in a chair , the spot gave me a good view of the garden and the thick stars above .
inside bag end , bilbo and gandalf were sitting at the open window of a small room looking out west on to the garden .
the room became dark and silent , though the clack of sam 's shears , now nearer to the windows , could still be heard faintly from the garden .
answered frodo , coming back to himself out of darkness , and finding to his surprise that it was not dark , and that out of the window he could see the sunlit garden .
as soon as he saw the dark shapes creep from the garden , he knew that he must run for it , or perish .
the coach door was opened , and moist stepped down into the palace gardens .
` ` perhaps , once you are feeling better , we should take lunch together on the garden balcony .
mansion renoux 's garden balcony was a thin , oval structure that overlooked the grounds below .
kelsier strolled over to the balcony 's ledge , looking out over the garden and grounds .
she caught a glimpse of motion to her right , and could just barely make out a gure standing out on the garden balcony .
a cool early - spring breeze blew through the lower gardens , passing over the petite fountain brook to her left .
she said with surprise as young lestibournes walked down the garden path .
she picked up her copy of the logbook , then began to work her way up the garden path .
the gardens of mansion renoux extended before her , the cultured pathways , broad - limbed trees , and quiet stream creating her favorite reading spot .
he gave them a few more instructions , pointing at the list , then nodded for vin to join him as he made his way out the back kitchen exit and into the side gardens .
` ` we can surmise , i think , '' sazed said , walking down the garden path .
` ` we should return to the mansion - we should not be seen out in the gardens when the mists arrive , i think . ''
they walked for a few moments , enjoying the eastern garden 's subtle beauty .
the southern garden was far more spectacular , with its brook , trees , and exotic plants .
i love going to balls with elend on the weekends , love walking in these gardens with you .
oddly , it had seemed easier to speak to her when he was confronting her in her gardens , surrounded by danger .
three mature apple trees spread limbs over the front garden , and a member of the grounds staff was lazily sawing off a few dead branches .
sneak through the grounds and out the garden gate ; i 'll meet you there . ''
he slipped out the back door and crossed the garden on too - light feet .
the gardens were simply dead now , and the sky overhead was only bare , empty rock .
` ` what would you give for a sign that life was returning to the gardens ? ''
` ` but would the beginnings of life here in the gardens be worth nothing to you , my queen ? ''
when we left the gardens , his opportunity would be gone .
but before i passed thorugh the doorway , abe stopped , and mistral 's voice came urgent from inside the dead gardens , ` ` back , go back ! ''
- and the darkness that devours all things that it was raining in the unseelie gardens when we left them . ''
he was very tired by now , and it was perhaps this which prevented him from rising and ringing the third time : this , and the soothing stillness of the garden , the beauty of the summer sky , and the occasional hooting of an owl somewhere in the neighbourhood which seemed only to emphasize the underlying tranquillity of his surroundings .
the garden was bright and sunlit , but over the top of the wall you could see nothing but darkness .
the other two had already dropped down on the outside into the darkness , but before he followed them a door in the wall - which none of them had noticed - was opened from without and the queerest people he had ever seen came into the garden bringing weston and devine back with them .
after her brother 's startling words , sabelle fled him and ice , running down the hall , the stairs , flinging sterling 's back door open to the frozen december garden .
rather than admit that and start an argument , ice looked about blackbourne 's gardens .
on one side were the battlements , on the other a steep roof ; below them , all shadowy and shimmery , the castle gardens ; above them , stars and moon .
while it was an exquisite home of white marble , it was a manor house of a mere four stories , formed in an open square around a central courtyard and garden like a common country estate .
` ` - it 's got a lovely view of the gardens and i ' ve had all my stuff moved in and it 's not fair - '' ` ` has this ever happened before ? ''
death stood at the window of his dark study , looking out on to his garden .
the garden was also empty this evening .
down the garden path . ''
he came wandering up the garden - path in a ragged old coat , with an old pipe in his mouth , and an old green hat on his head .
the garden about him suddenly vanished , and rover felt himself whisked off , he did n't know where .
and so at last , weeks or months since the tale began ( he could not have told you which ) , he got back to his own garden gate .
a handful of elegantly dressed gentry stood out in the gardens , glancing up at our entrance .
turning , he offered me his arm again and led me off into one of the garden 's winding turns , into a dense apple orchard .
a hedge bordered the entire garden .
i looked behind us and found that the rose hedge had knitted itself completely around the garden .
` ` they came and saw the garden , and it was very seelie , my lord .
i swam up the aisle through the gardens and out the front arch .
there was an odious little man in a peaked cap who said they 'd have no objection to our remaining in possession ( of the house , mind you , not the garden ) till eight o'clock tomorrow morning .
she seemed to him , as he now thought of her , to have in herself deep wells and knee - deep meadows of happiness , rivers of freshness , enchanted gardens of leisure , which he could not enter but could have spoiled .
she was speaking to jane , and both were in what was called the lodge - a little stone house beside the garden door at which jane had been first admitted to the manor .
this path led to the door in the garden wall .
now -in the early afternoon - he had approached the garden wall .
there 's already as much carrying on about this house and garden as i can stand . ''
a great dome of light stands over the whole garden .
` ` he was in our back garden breaking things .
and from that spring there flows a stream which comes right past the garden .
i took her arm and we walked from her opulent bedroom.she was right.the royal gardens were absolutely beautiful this time of year .
then was winter come sudden upon the lonely isle , and the lawns and gardens drew on a sparkling mantle of white snows ; their fountains were still , and all their bare trees silent , and the far sun glinted pale amid the mist or splintered upon facets of long hanging ice .
there often would dairon sit upon a tussock or a tree - root and make music while tinuviel danced thereto , and when she danced to the playing of dairon more lissom was she than gwendeling , more magical than tinfang warble neath the moon , nor may any see such lilting save be it only in the rose gardens of valinor where nessa dances on the lawns of never - fading green .
now came he to the dwelling of mavwin , and behold it was a fair house , but none dwelt there , and grass was high in the gardens , and there were no kine in the byres nor horses in the sheds , and the pastures about were silent and empty .
so she knew that fats ' huge back garden had a pond and a swing and an apple tree .
she scooped up the contents of her bag and hurried from the house , running back from the garden gate to check that she had closed the front door properly .
he turned his head and gazed out of the window onto the overgrown garden beyond .
but then she saw krystal , who had refused to stay in the car , and had walked halfway up the garden path .
passed winter - quiet gardens , spreads of soaked green .
as she spoke , fin rose , strode to the window looking out over the back gardens .
there would be a shovel in the garden shed , she thought .
she looked out over the lake , away to the elegant rise of the castle , its gardens still caught in the last of winter 's bite .
she climbed out of the truck to study the pathways , the gardens defying winter 's last shivers , and smiled as the breeze carried the baaing of sheep .
tugging his hand she followed the path , finding other stones and markers among the trim and pretty gardens .
behind the gardens was an old wrought iron gate hidden by an overgrowth of ivy .
your back garden ? ''
so gandalf gave a long shrill whistle , and presently thorin and dori came round the house by the garden path and stood bowing low before them .
she ignored them entirely in return and yawned wide and red , shaking her head vigorously to scatter away the clinging drops of water , and then paced away into the gardens in solitary dignity .
temeraire withdrew his head to let them come out into the garden .
` ` if i may be so bold , sir , allow me to recommend you take a turn around the garden instead of sitting , '' laurence said .
with the worst of his pain relieved , hammond 's curiosity revived : as they continued walking around the garden he studied the two dragons closely , his steps slowing as he turned first from one to the other and back .
he had been quite silent all this time , brooding and coiled about the garden .
the emperor had taken up residence now at his summer palace in the yuanmingyuan garden : half a day 's journey from peking by dragon , and thence they had been conveyed almost pell - mell .
the vivid picture drawn for us by brother mateo ricci , of the temple gardens full of serpentine bodies one overlapping the other , which has so long dominated the western imagination , is not a wholly false one ; however , one must understand that among the chinese , dragons live rather within the cities than without , their presence thus all the more palpable , and they furthermore move hither and yon with far greater freedom , so that the dragon seen in the market square in the afternoon will often be the same individual observed earlier in morning ablutions at the temple , and then again , some hours later , dining at the cattle - yards upon the city border .
he was up , and had a few armed men with him , and was out into the garden and surprised the lovers before they knew that anything was amiss .
i was soon able to go about the house and in the gardens again .
i went out into the gardens .
i was in the palace gardens , my foolish book in my hand .
she could not have a balanced table , so she served the meal in two courses , inviting her guests to refresh themselves in between with a little walking in the gardens , illuminated with lamps , and rearranging the seating on their return to partner the ladies afresh .
macarthur drew him aside , as the cigars were offered around and lit , and to the open doors looking into the gardens : squeaking small bats were flying now in clouds around the trees where earlier they had slept , hanging .
laurence looked out at the gardens a little grimly - wilting in the heat and yet still restful to look upon , neatly arranged , and beyond them the wide spreading fields .
i made a mistake in my searches for her - i assumed she 'd want a beautiful manor with gardens and grounds .
called one of the soldiers at the room 's doorway , standing just outside in the garden .
red and yellow reflected from the smoke above , bathing the garden in light barely visible through the door and windows .
in earlier years , she had liked the lower gardens precisely because they were a retreat .
eventually , she dismissed them , but found herself lingering in the garden , standing between two planters holding bluebells , their clusters of tiny , vaselike blossoms drooping and wiggling in the breeze .
but the rose march was blooming , and fiercely , hundreds of red explosions twisting around the garden framework .
and i ' ve been told that a walk around the gardens once a day will be good for my constitution . ''
` ` i believe these gardens are where we first met him . ''
` ` well , you ' ve spent the majority of your time here moping around these gardens . ''
he walked where he and galad had played as children , and he thought of his mother walking these gardens with bryne .
he told himself that over and over again as he dangled outside a balcony three stories above the gardens .
` ` well , maybe i wo n't sit her down , really '' , mat said , looking through the open screen at the gardens below .
he stepped softly into the gardens .
the butterchain trees were in bloom , the bright yellow blossoms spilling out of the gardens and hanging over the courtyard walls .
he lingered a long while at that window before finally forcing himself to move on , leaving the gallery and making his way to the palace gardens .
rand approached her , glancing at the garden wall that he had once fallen over , tumbling down to meet her for the first time .
and indeed the house had been filled with such people for many years , and it was a common thing to see these travelers on the road to visit hananel , to bring him books , to sit in the gardens of the house or beneath its painted ceilings and talk to him about the goings - on of the world and about matters of the law which men so loved to discuss when gathered together .
i motioned for them to stay behind me here and i went across the garden towards her , the little dancer who appeared to face the light rising above the wall .
trellises on the front flanked its double doors where vines would be replanted in spring , said felix , and the garden beds would be full of flowers .
when i got to the fairly large room with a balcony overlooking the side garden , ypiretria , which was greek for ` ` maid , '' sat in the corner with a pair of knitting needles and pink yarn .
i was seated next to a window that looked out upon the western gardens .
the gardens beyond the window were immaculate and perfect with flowers and plants that i should know the names of but did n't .
sometimes he took her walking in the gardens in the evening after supper .
going to the room 's single window , darkfest stared at the gardens beyond .
she gazed around at the gardens like a kid in a candy store .
she left through the garden door .
the maid was in the garden , hanging up the clothes ...
it was painted the same cream as the garden wall , with tall , arched windows and dark brown shutters .
the trumpeter blew a long note and paper lanterns in orange , blue , green and red strung throughout the maple trees lit up , transforming the garden into a fairytale wonderland with their gentle glow .
she had nt heard a note of the piece since then but now , whenever they passed each other around the garden , they shared a rachmaninoff wink .
he put down his punch glass and crossed the gardens to villa twenty - four .
the royal suite was rarely rented out ; anyone who could afford it preferred one of the villas scattered around the gardens .
they were sunny and convivial , more private and closer to the gardens never - ending party .
he made the garden sound like a flophouse rife with drunken adulterers running around naked every night .
billie had been floating around the garden of allah for years , and the inside story was that hearst had ordered extensive editing after she outshone marion .
every time i looked across the pool and around my gardens , i thought of the time when i earned thirteen thousand dollars every week .
has anyone seen madame around the garden yet ?
she seemed to be genuinely interested in the garden , so he could not resist showing her more .
the sun was out this morning and the garden was basking in its radiant light .
a few more steps and they abandoned the shade of the trees to return to the formal garden .
the garden looks especially beautiful in the spring , does it not ?
he tipped his hat and left her on the bridge , observing the garden with newly opened eyes .
she is better off here in the country where she can walk out of doors and enjoy the garden .
if it had , the family would be in london now , far from the accursed garden and the cold , heartless gardener .
the footman stopped the gooses momentum before it knocked over a couple of figurines in the garden .
shall we walk in the garden after dinner , do you think ?
after dinner all the party walked out into the garden .
she had not realized how much she missed the calm peacefulness that she enjoyed while strolling among the gardens elysian delights .
i was just admiring the beauty of the garden to miss kirke .
when they were well on their way along the serpentine path of the garden , fitzwilliam finally spoke .
of course there would be other visitors to the garden who might be captivated by her , but she could scarcely endure the thought of escorting more suitors through the garden .
he would speak with kirke about the preparations that would be needed to prepare the garden for a large wedding party .
he looked around the garden .
instead , they started walking down the garden path , arm in arm .
tomorrow we can go and speak to the garden servants .
as beautiful as the garden was , without dean it seemed dull and lifeless , containing nothing to delight her any longer .
i met him in the garden , sir , before he reached the house .
as i recall , there is a seat on the bridge above the brook where most of the garden may be observed .
vauxhall gardens !
the gardens will not be open on a sunday , and even if they were , mr . dean would not be working on a sunday , would he ?
you will see when we stroll around the gardens that all the very best people will be there in all their very best apparel .
vauxhall gardens was many times larger than her fathers , but it had the cramped feeling of city streets when compared with the expansiveness of the countryside .
you are cordially invited to a masquerade to be held at vauxhall gardens on tuesday , the fourth of june , to celebrate the birthday of his majesty king george the third .
it was something about the posted bill that he had read out to her at the vauxhall gardens .
she had never before seen so many people all together in one place as she had seen today at vauxhall gardens , but at a masquerade , there would be an even greater multitude promenading in their habits !
once she had eluded her escort , she could slip away from the vauxhall gardens and hire a chaise to take her to deans address .
i have reconsidered my decision about the masquerade to be held at vauxhall gardens tomorrow evening .
chapter 17 it was ten oclock at night before they finally departed for vauxhall gardens .
i was attending a masquerade at the vauxhall gardens with mr . fitzwilliam .
* * * ~~~ * * * at vauxhall gardens , a light breeze blew between the orderly lines of plane trees , stirring the gardeners hair and touching his cheek like a soft kiss .
when john arrived at the gardens , his employer threatened to dismiss him for his long absence .
they had continued to patronize the gardens while london was besieged .
katherine was in her suite when she slipped into a trance and had a vision of the garden .
the sound of horses approaching brought them out of their reverie as much as they wanted to run to the door to meet philipe ` , carlton , and antonio , they remained in the garden waiting for the henry to let them in and escort them to the garden .
the sun had set and the fullness of the moon lit the garden as if they were sitting inside with lamps .
i find that i do not wish , however , for the garden had begun to feel a trifle cool , even with a shawlthough it did not suit me to admit this earlier , when i was summonedand this is really very lovely paper i have found , of a pleasing creaminess that begs to have confidences and complaints scribbled onto it .
her surroundings soon became a confused blur , except for the image of the servant girl who was clearly visible on the garden path .
as she now surveyed the building and gardens before her , she realised how beautiful they both were .
frances breathed in the sweet perfume of rose that lingered in the air , before taking in every detail of the rest of the idyllic garden .
frances too was already growing tired of the proceedings , and drawing back the summer curtains , peered outside to admire the warm tints of the garden .
agnes , originally had been invited to accompany her mother to the party , but having been forewarned about it , and anticipating soul destroying boredom , she had prudently made arrangements to spend the afternoon with her friends at the cascade gardens in south hobart .
the garden party at riverview was an assembly attended by some of the richest and most successful people in the town .
with arms folded casually across her chest , she leant against the floral summer curtains and continued to survey the garden with admiration .
despite the fact that it was cold outside and the ground was wet underfoot , she was content to rest on the garden seat , amidst a scattering of pastel coloured leaves .
frances reached charlottes house just before morning tea , and discovered her cousin almost immediately , doing some weeding in the front garden .
her first impression was that the garden was in a state of disarray , but not beyond help , and the cobbled path leading to the front door was damaged , and would eventually need replacing .
nathan and dolnick , the two men robert and jamie would be taking home with them , appeared from the garden shed , carrying shovels .
to my right was the massive dressed stonework of the castle , in front the lower wall and the heavy oak door leading to the kitchen garden .
there was a distant cry from aletia in the kitchen garden , eadie pulled away from me with a laugh and a blown kiss and ran to find her mother .
when i looked into the tower room the date was 1494 , when we saw the box again , in lady isobels garden , the year was 1643 .
erich stood for a second , looking down from the window at a small rose garden below full of nothing but beautiful life , and studied it for a moment .
crossing his arms and looking around the garden slowly , erich sighed aloud , as if captured by the completeness of the roses before him .
erich stood in the garden for a brief moment to look at the moving scene , as he had many times as a child in dresden .
searching about , his eyes fell upon the great man , standing very still , touching his beam5 , cantilevered from the garden wall , just as he had drawn it in the two new sciences , published three years earlier .
he paused for a moment and gazed out over the garden , as if he could actually see it still .
-roger bacon ( c. 1214 - 1294 ) 1631 galileo lounged placidly on the veranda of il gioiello , gazing absentmindedly toward the garden below .
as he gazed down into the garden , a thought came to mind .
there was a small remnant of wood extending laterally from the brick wall surrounding the garden .
paul stepped outside for a moment , gazed out beyond the garden wall , entranced by nothing more than the pleasure of sipping his coffee .
returning to the bedroom , from the corner of his eye he caught what appeared to be a glimmer of light coming from the garden below .
removing his undershorts , he wrapped a towel about his waist and headed briskly for the garden , extreme haste his only ally capable of thwarting his own fear of failure .
-john milton ( 1608 - 1674 ) 1637 galileo settled into his favorite chair in the garden and , pointing his telescope , began the tedious process of searching skyward .
antonietta stood , walked over to the window , gazed out at the garden for a moment , then asked absently , what on earth are we to do with it , professore ?
with its big , sweeping window , the look was undeniable , though the view of the garden , as opposed to the open sea , made her feel a bit more secure in her landed world .
he urged her into the garden with a nod , his uninjured hand to her back , and dropped the glass into a marble urn .
call it blatant foolishness on my part , but i feel a certain responsibility to see you settled in that cottage with a rose garden and a white kitten .
he sat her down hard upon the cement balustrade bordering the darkened garden .
he gazed at the garden , his back to them all .
it was their mother , having tea in the garden with perry 's mother , her smile as gentle , loving , and heartwarming as he remembered .
the duchess had come by for tea in the garden , bringing charles and gareth with her ; charles had sat cross - legged on a blanket beside them , studiously reading a book while gareth and perry had gone off to play .
the sunbeam began to grow brighter as it expanded to encompass the surrounding gardens .
sarah reached for his hand without a second thought and let nick direct her around the side of the house toward the winding paths that led to the gardens .
he remained silent when she led him out the door and through the gardens at the back of the house .
the early - morning air was brisk and she pulled her shawl more firmly about her shoulders as she restlessly paced the gardens meandering paths .
with sad eyes she gazed about the garden .
nicholas beaumont rounded the corner of the house to find his wife sitting alone in the garden .
julia had been sketching the view of the countryside from the rear of the garden , determined not to be put off by the surly wyatt and was only aware of a visitor when a flustered smithers appeared before her .
fortunately , jimmy , mollys young brother , was able to come and look after athene and tidy the garden .
although presently in town , i know they would have no objection to us seeing the house and gardens .
they arrived at astonbury in good time , and were greeted with great cordiality by the custodian of the house who professed himself delighted to show them around the house , suggesting that they also explore the gardens and roman ruins near the folly on the hill .
after breakfast , why not do some drawing in the garden while the weathers still fine .
the short front gardens with low hedges or picket fences were overlooked by bay windows .
hands thrust into her skirt pockets , pam just stood looking into the garden .
shed been sent out to play in the garden , but the windows of her grandfathers study had been left half - open .
captain clarkor lord ravenwoodwas waiting when she stepped out of the study window and into the garden .
its so beautiful here , fleurette gushed , staring out the massive windows to the garden beyond .
there was really nothing else to do here , and she was nt allowed to go outsideshe was nt even allowed to walk in the garden for fear she would be made off with .
on the thursday morton made two casual remarks to hastings , the gardens at ely place are full of fine strawberries , if it please you my lord , bid me fetch you some when next we meet .
it was on the third or fourth cigarette the sky returned to a full blue and the many colours came back to the garden .
the last was an old withered gamekeeper , who wandered through the garden berating a sullen peacock toward its roost .
hawksworth glanced back at the garden once more to assure himself she was indeed lost to its recesses .
to enjoy the beauty of the garden . ''
the garden lay about him like a mosaic of naturalism perfected .
nadir sharif strolled to a window and looked out on the garden .
the garden of this tempting world , is wrought of sand and tear . ''
he studied the garden for a moment , then spoke without turning .
he looked pensively down into the garden below .
jadar walked out onto the balcony and peered down into the darkened garden .
jadar studied the garden again , as though lost in some distant reverie .
then you pay down on a furnished lodging in covent garden , the first floor even though it 's more than all the rest of the house .
she started down the garden path , moving with a speed and grace that greatly belied her age and bulk .
though it was obvious the family had no money , the garden and pathways were well kept , the cottage itself in repair and neat .
` ` children running through the house , the gardens , through the kitchens ; they would have driven sinclair to his grave much , much sooner . ''
she settled the american in the parlor , rang for tea , and stepped into the hallway to dispatch a servant to carry mr . watson 's note to the dowager , who was taking her daily walk in the garden .
he headed toward the gardens .
the stone of the garden bench was cool beneath her in the dawn 's pale light .
it was only as she recognized the dowager and her american approaching that miranda tore her thoughts away from her own misery to wonder what had brought these two out to the gardens at dawn .
when she said nothing further , he spun around on his heel and left her standing in the garden alone .
her legs stiff and cramped , miranda could feel only relief when the dowager wandered deeper into the garden and she was free to slip back to her room .
although , she reflected , seeing her sisters still holding court in the ballroom , that meant they had not found anyone to lure them out to enjoy the fragrant gardens .
she was in the garden gazebo , resting , a piece of sewing on her lap .
miranda raced upstairs to confirm that no one had seen juliet since she left for a walk in the gardens with grimthorpe several hours ago .
hero and the twins thoroughly searched the gardens and found only several weekend guests calmly enjoying themselves with no idea of their hosts ' growing agitation .
his pace took on a more purposeful speed as he searched the garden for her , wondering , with a rush of jealousy , which of her young admirers had captured her interest enough to be gifted with such a hauntingly beautiful song .
once certain she had escaped the compound unnoticed , she furtively circled the gardens , a small blanket hidden under her toga .
` ` let me guess , '' tatiana scooped her slender arm through helena 's and led her down the cobbled garden path .
back - tracking through the gardens and around the estate , she checked over her shoulder one final time before sneaking toward the servant compound .
she wandered out past the pool and into the gardens , spotting nanny and sam sitting on a bench besides a hedge , nannys arm over his shoulder in a comforting manner .
zinnovy asked with his hands motioning to the gardens outside .
angelina ignored her , pushing through the double doors and out into the gardens .
the last few weeks had been like pages from a fairy tale , with visits to museums and the opera , walks in the gardens , and afternoon tea in the parlor .
edward steered me out through the double french doors and into the garden outside .
there was a full moon out , turning the branches and leaves of the garden plants to silver , and the air was full of the drugged sweet scent of the early roses all around us , just beginning to bloom .
edward stared out into the moon - silvered garden .
the force of the gale blew the garden door open when i was standing in front of it and hit me with an icy gust of rain .
the rose garden is some little distance from the house , and i did nt see another soul anywhere close by ; i was not even sure anyone would hear me if i screamed .
yes , in the garden , i edward was already gone , striding past me out the study door .
so i went out for a walk before breakfastand happened on m.de lacourcelle , of all people , walking in the garden with aunt debourgh .
i stepped back as softly and slowly as i possibly could , back out into the garden and pulled the door closed behind me .
i took her in through the kitchen garden door and then up the servants staircase so that there was nt the least chance of her meeting either aunt debourgh or jacques de lacourcelle on her way to her bedroom .
and the garden was quiet .
shed told evie that when she was a girl , she 'd been a maid at a house in surrey that was nicknamed paradise because of its fancy , tropical gardens and was owned by lord and lady ashleigh .
once patti died , it had just reverted to being a house with a fancy garden ; but someone had once called it ' an old maid , sitting in her party frock , waiting for the invitation that never came . '
with her heart racing , she ran through the servants ' garden , and out through the back gate to the road that ran into st paul 's dean .
how about i ask cook to put together some sandwiches and things and we have a picnic out in the gardens ?
while painting the house white had been rather tacky , these gardens were absolutely wonderful .
she intended to go out into the garden and join stephen and the others ; but something stopped her and she instead left the ballroom and went into drawing room at the front of the house .
i last saw him heading into the gardens .
tommy left his boss and weaved his way through the cars to the steps that led from the front gardens to the drive .
when she arrived , she found clare sitting out in the front garden on an old deckchair ; looking relaxed in a pair of capri pants and a red sleeveless top , reading the daily mirror .
it was a beautiful georgian building with many leaded windows , an ornate roof and finely maintained gardens .
today i brought him outside and we walked together through the gardens .
he studied his hands for some time , taking advantage , i think , of the light which is so much better in the parlor than just about anywhere in this buildingthe three walls facing the gardens consist of little else but window .
i was delighted with its extensive gardens and parks , the statuary , the fountains and the general voluptuousness of greek architecture .
once his speech was done , as the others were leaving the room , he grabbed my arm and took me towards one of the doors that opened into the gardens and the famous pool , resplendent under that noon day sun , encircled by some of the recovered statuary .
birds swooped low , landed on the magnolia trees pyramid - shaped branches , and then took flight for a gnarled oak tree outside the gardens ivy - laced brick wall .
i m not sure her father and mrs owen had come back into the garden just in time to hear philips invitation .
she bought a couple of postcards to show nan when she got home , then made her way along the kings parade where she strolled between the pretty gardens and the gently tumbling waves .
in concert , a dozen or so hideous butterflies burst forth from the adjoined enchanted garden , which is widely acclaimed for its majestic lepidopterous display .
with the gardens , small animal farm and some exotic animals to add interest to the park , it took over two million pounds .
the hotel gardens were certainly popular with couples strolling arm in arm , mothers rushing after toddlers , fathers playing cricket with miniature bats and wickets .
' in the large estates , they kept sheep or cattle that fed on the grounds , so they put them in fields some distance from the manor , the ditch was to keep them from wandering on to the lawns and gardens of the house .
aunt will not be present ; as usual , she has a touch of the vapours , due to the dog escaping into the gardens today .
then with proper solemnity we walked back through the house to the garden where the president took his leisure these days .
he led me through the house and out into the gardens .
i do remember the luxemburg gardens .
at least as near as i could remember six years after my last visit , his garden did appear very similar to the luxemburg garden .
we shook hands and picard came to escort me from the garden .
we were invited to president jolliets home for dinner , but we had the afternoon to ourselves and decided to spend it looking around town at the various gardens .
in short , i had trouble concentrating on the conversation for the next few minutes while i looked out across the garden at the gulf and at the sky .
she set a basket overflowing with garden greens on a bench and quietly closed the door .
june 6th , 1866 -- dover pennsylvania sarahs garden was the talk of the family , and quite a few friends as well .
it seems we share a notion to enjoy the garden .
outside , moonlight muted the garden like a fathom of sea water .
in his eyes , the gardens colors drained gray .
khufu barged through the garden door , flinging out his arms .
as she placed her hand on the garden door , another hand clenched her wrist .
theormi backed against the garden door and faced the prince , prepared to defend herself .
the god - king will exit his private passage onto the gardens .
encircling an arm behind theormi , he headed with her to his garden door .
he rose and exited through his private door onto the gardens .
thumbs , though depressed , was also quite curious about this and joined me in cornering wentworth in the gardens .
he said , turning around and walking toward the royal gardens , his shoes clanking against the stone floor as he walked perfectly at ease through a score of royal servants .
whiteworth spent his time casually with the lord of the house , supposedly asking for ships to take to france , while all my companions loitered in the gardens outside .
it was only fifteen years out of eighteen , and i was allowed to walk in the gardens for a half - hour some days .
without waiting for an answer , i steered vi down the terraced garden , miss levine trailing behind .
the small front garden had little to recommend it .
on , down the hill through the demesne gardens , they reached the seashore .
just as he rounded the corner , he noticed a lovely young woman walking around the small garden behind the big house .
* * * on a brisk spring morning , as the laurel and oak trees were bursting with new growth , aristotle was discussing the basic political nature of men as he and his students strolled leisurely around the botanical gardens .
the house was like so many others in the city : a wooden , two - storied affair of modest proportions with a tiled roof and the almost mandatory cherry blossom tree rising mindfully in the corner of the compact garden , all of which was neatly hemmed in by large , wooden fencing , which rose up and obscured the view of any passer by to the goings on within the first floor .
miss banwell and miss upton were practicing a new ballad in the small music room while miss currivard and laurence had taken , as was their habit , to walking about on the hilltop garden .
the gardens and grounds were once maintained by a great number of servants before the estate was given by the king for an orphanage .
victoria was in the garden when the soft step behind her caused her to cease her quiet humming .
~ the evening was pleasant as genevieve sat upon the wicker chair in the garden ; with her were two others of the women that had been taken in the raid .
salina turned and walked out of the garden , a different person than she had ever been .
carlotta glanced about the parlor , studying the tall windows that overlooked the small gardens .
bath was awfully close to garden gate .
but at least she would nt go hungry , and with any luck , mr . burrows would find a tenant for garden gate .
no season , no marriage mart , no advantageous match , and no further titled generations roaming the halls of garden gate .
the gardens are my favorite part .
after all , bath was quite close to garden gate .
and she could nt forget garden gate .
any relation to the standhopes of garden gate ?
the gardens extended for miles , and past them was a wood complete with several fishing ponds and creeks .
yet as she looked through the leaded glass window at the back gardens , she found comfort in the truth that the girls were far better off in the country than in the stifling city .
i hired a maid from bath , shell attend you in case there is nt one available at garden gate .
immediately they set towards garden gate , a war waging within carlotta .
not three months ago , she was lamenting leaving her precious home , certain her heart would remain in the halls of garden gate without her .
charles , you do nt know where garden gate is !
less than two hours later , he was following the route given by lady whipples butler to the estate of garden gate .
home was no longer garden gate , it was with him .
the back garden was a wonderland to explore .
we had a lovely adventure in the back garden and fanny got a little dirty .
on impulse she bent into mrs . pearsons front garden and picked some daffodils .
master blondel , as he was known , passed anne with his great poise and said , in a barely audible whisper , my master , the duke , wishes you to join him in the garden alone .
she watched him take a seat in a corner , laying his lute upside down with the bridge pointed toward the garden .
it is a lovely night for a walk in the garden , is it not ?
he called over his shoulder as he left the garden , i still want to hunt with you this afternoon , will .
a gentle breeze wound its way through the garden making the light that speckled through the leaves above her dance about and spark the auburn in her hair .
he turned back to anne , extended his arm , and led her from the garden .
a large two - story mansion all decked out on the second floor in a beige - white color scheme and gardens with some fruiting apple trees .
wait here , he said and walked through the garden gate .
undecided , jordan walked around to the back of the house that overlooked a garden extending a fair ways back .
she took jodys hand , and went through the house into the back garden .
today looking at him and his radiant bride , i realize that i have much more running to do ... a little later when things had quieted down somewhat , jordan was sitting at the picnic bench in the back garden with jody .
however , one night as the family slept uneasily in the anderson shelter in the back garden , the sound of bombs , crashing masonry and shattering glass grew even closer .
put down your cheerless book at once , and join us in the garden . ''
their estate in wales is a centuries old castle , with gardens that would rival versailles .
he took her arm and walked her to the colonial revival garden where the salty air mixed with the scent of lilacs .
to her surprise , she enjoyed herself , and even accepted an invitation to walk in the sydney gardens with a group of the ladies later that week .
he took her the long way around , through the gardens shed not yet had a chance to see because of the rain .
come , let 's walk in the gardens . ''
he kissed her before he went , and when his horse reached the end of the gardens , he turned and waved , floating a kiss on the air .
she went to the end of the gardens , and looked down into the valley , and waited till she could see the dust rising from the road that rounded the headwaters of the stream .
she took them to the gardens behind the house , through tall rooms with coffered ceilings of dark wood shining with gilded stars and flowers ; the perfumed smoke of incense drifted through the halls , while braziers slumbered in the corners .
in the gardens , fitful gusts blew up tiny whirls of dust , and slammed a badly fastened shutter against the house till someone went to secure it , the sound like a dead man knocking on the gates of hades - or so tullia said , for once nervy , and biting at a broken fingernail .
she waved before turning ; then she went down the path and out the garden gate .
the light was almost gone now , but her eyes had become adjusted to the dimness , so she did n't have too much difficulty making her way through the garden path up to the kitchen door .
i lived in a great mansion there , with servants , an gardens , an every manner o comfort .
wilson was up on the roof replacing the shakes , while william was repairing the worm fence that surrounded the house and garden .
he added , but , i would recommend , if your purpose is a quiet moment with your intended bride , that we take a walk around your gardens , as is the english custom .
the convent was a grey stone building with a single spire , set in generous gardens surrounded by a high wall .
he looked out at the neatness of the convent gardens and closed his eyes , trying to see the way forward .
they rode past the front garden which was tidy and prepared for springtime .
the garden itself was orderly with a pattern of bricked pathways with planting beds in - between .
jack stopped and gazed out across the garden .
bronwen was skipping up the narrow path separating the garden beds , kigva close on her heels and richard delamere bringing up the rear .
the landscape directly before her was mostly black ; the quarter moon had not yet risen and the kitchen garden was in darkness .
estellas shared middle name had bonded them instantly , but a more sisterly bond formed the day stella had grabbed her hand and pulled her hard through the doorway into the gardens , snapping her hoops nearly in half .
she needed more than anything to be about her garden .
how long have you been cooped up here in this houseand the gardens ?
no doubt they were tired from their daily chores and might even now be sitting in the garden sipping tea .
there were noises in the kitchen beside the garden .
lily loved the gardens , especially her flowers .
she made it to the house , walked straight through to the gardens and heaved up her stomach contents .
she done did the verandah , the dining room and now she sweepin the walks out back in de garden .
rose just put on her garden gloves and was about to dig out a weed when she noticed shadows above her .
well , then , shall we go out and while away the afternoon in the gardens ?
rose nodded and scurried toward the garden and peeked out .
rose carried the infant to the back gardens .
tonight she was thankful her bedroom was at the back of the house overlooking the gardens .
chapter 73 rose spent the last night with portia and her family sitting by a small fire out back in the gardens .
they would have secret rendezvous in the rose gardens with nothing more than stolen kisses to cool their ardor during a time when romance and chivalry were alive and well .
at the end of the narrow garden , the window was open .
the gardens seemed much too big , too full of people .
the garden did n't resemble the one behind the mayor 's mansion in the least .
she and luke dashed across the padres ' garden .
on another radio danny started making loud noises , and the hordes made their way to the back of the store , leaving the front and side parking lots empty except for the two truly dead zombies at the lawn and garden fence .
this time he was looking for someone to replace the lawn and garden door .
he turned the electric scooter away from the lawn and garden and made his way to the first exit .
as she neared the back door , from her left , beyond the garden , she heard a rustling in the trees .
it was difficult to tell in the moonlight for sure , but the yard and the gardens seemed to be well kept .
the captain took carter to the mighty temple , which is set with its walled garden in a great round plaza whence the streets go as spokes from a wheels hub .
but before he left the garden the hour of the bell came , and he heard the shivering clang deafening above him , and the wailing of the horns and viols and voices loud from the lodges by the gates .
and ever the small birds and the fountains sang , while the perfume of rare blossoms spread like a veil over that incredible garden .
he now sat down by the open window ; it was a brilliant moonlight night , warm and delicious , and the long - drawn note of the nightingale came across the gardens from the hawthorn bushes without the inner stockade .
the placard below the vase told the story of whispering gossip , barely heard by those close to george washington , of how strange it was that he had tea with madam sinclair oveaut every other tuesday in his east garden .
i went around the barrier and kept marching to a little building near the back garden .
but they would have queer lofty thoughts misunderstood by their fellows , and would sing of far places and gardens so unlike any known even in the dreamland that common folk would call them fools ; and from all this one could perhaps learn old secrets of kadath , or gain hints of the marvellous sunset city which the gods held secret .
the captain took carter to the mighty temple , which is set with its walled garden in a great round plaza whence the streets go as spokes from a wheel 's hub .
but before she left the garden the hour of the bell came , and she heard the shivering clang deafening above her , and the wailing of the horns and viols and voices loud from the lodges by the gates .
always ahead loomed those titan walls , mighty buttresses , and clustered and bulbous domes for which the veiled king 's palace is famous ; and at length they passed under a great black arch and emerged in the gardens of the monarch 's pleasure .
even now they are shining above the scenes you have known and cherished , drinking of their charm that they may shine more lovely over the gardens of dream .
he may have been spotted by a servant out in the gardens , but did not care in the least as he leapt into his vehicle , started it , and sped off in the direction of his home .
and just as she predicted , an invisible force brought a shiver across the entire garden .
it was early morning outsidein the garden white petunias were bobbing in grey earthen pots .
we d strolled around the cemetery together a time or two , but he was easily exhausted , and he could never seem to move very far beyond the garden gates unless he was having a very good day .
he took her through the gardens for a little while to start , telling her stories about quinta that she 'd heard two months before from her brother , although when diogo told the stories they sounded far better , even with a few mispronounced words .
he marveled at the wide variety of creatures roaming about the garden .
now , except for brice 's voice filling the air and the constant tinkle of the statue , the garden was eerily quiet .
a bushel of dark curls bounced on her back as she scurried through the garden .
a chain of blue energy blasted the demon in front of her , pitching the black clad knight into the garden .
the entrance and the enormous wood that composed the garden of the villa making her / it invisible from the outside were perfectly identical to as it imagined them in its memoirs .
and you / he / she had to have drag away unconsciously from the garden moving himself / herself / itself as an automaton for the rooms of the villa .
would it come to the garden gate , as if arriving home from school , or descend from the heavens like one of the iubar ?
just a garden gate left open and now swinging in the wind , i told myself .
ten floors below , the gardens and entrance areas were empty , no soul to be seen .
we kept low and traversed the gravel to the pathetic gardens , aiming for the front of the building , the foyer and the main gate .
floodlights clunked on near the gardens , the glow visible through the glass , helping to locate the source .
the courtyard and gardens were a mess of mechanical scraps .
he stood in the garden and spoke to me .
i think we d better take the box out to the garden shed until we decide what to do .
she looked out over the back garden , but it was n't the garden she was interested in .
she paused at the pillars on the edge of the terrace and looked out over the garden .
a white , two - storey weatherboard , with flower boxes adorning the window sills and a beautiful garden , it was charming .
escaping through the kitchen into the garden , they listened to an uninvited visitor pounding his fists on the front door and , far too soon , as they climbed over the neighbours fence into the garden , breaking into the house and hurtling through the rooms in their direction .
escaping through the kitchen into the garden , they listened to an uninvited visitor pounding his fists on the front door and , far too soon , as they climbed over the neighbours fence into the garden , breaking into the house and hurtling through the rooms in their direction .
she stood stock - still at the window looking out into the garden , her hands pressed against the glass , her shoulders leaning forward as though she were straining to catch sight of something .
despite the indistinctness , she was certain she would have detected someone in the garden even as a shadow .
impulsively , she peered out into the garden a second time , strained to catch a movement a waiting presence - in the thicker shades .
to his credit , he had listened patiently , standing there with his arms folded and his back to the living - room window , not once tempted to look out into the garden when she came to last nights incident ; instead , averting his eyes , restraining himself from saying anything , waiting for her to reach the end .
seeing everything from the front garden , she went into the house and called out to adrian as she put on her coat .
with a judder , she pressed the palms of her hands on the window and leaned forward , stared out into the garden .
it was in time to witness his grinning phantom grasping the dead bodys arms , dragging it laboriously through the kitchen door and out into the garden .
squeezing the soaked towel , he glanced sideways , and froze as he caught a vision of his phantom through the garden door .
he was about to run , when he caught another presence through the window ; there , in the garden , convulsing , rising unsteadily into the air , swaying as it began to make its way towards the house .
he knew what he would see when he looked out ; his other self dragging the body of his wife across the garden again , and again , and - there was a sharp crack as something heavy smashed against the door , causing him to flinch .
but the gardens were very bright that day , as you know , and the council room not so much .
after that , iman and gariel had tracked jaysh down in the royal gardens , had delivered news of the meetings , and had assured him that all was well .
the past was behind him and the garden was empty .
he watched the tiny , laughing figure at the far end of the garden , the bubbles long since burst , a smiling woman with a cocktail glass in her hand reaching over the rose bushes .
i remember our own generator , tucked away somewhere in the garden shed .
lord colin campbell restored the gardens .
david wondered if the doors to the manor were supposed to suggest the garden of eden .
the doors to the library and garden room were open .
chapter nine lucinda woke on the garden room floor .
she ignored the fact that she could find no reflection of herself in any of the garden room windows .
she made do with the hairpins she left and started out of the garden room .
she could almost see the garden from here , if she leaned far enough to her right .
` ` ' the third floor of the west wing is now officially closed , joining the garden room , which was closed about a month ago , and two bedrooms , which were closed a few weeks prior to the garden room .
i remember that she was also quite distraught over the closing of the garden room , but i figured that must be because she liked to sit in there and embroider after tea .
so no , we did not have a garden shed filled with gardening tools .
at times she could almost imagine her own garden as that of the fabled eden ; this always sent her heart soaring and kept her spirits aloft for a good part of the day .
at some point , a bear like roar emanated from the house and moments later , the screen door from the house to the garden burst forth in a loud explosion .
i kick and scream as i m carried from the garden , my one sanctuary through the madness of those hazy , turbulent times .
arriving at the room , i walked to the window , and looked out onto the garden below .
two windows looked out onto the beautiful garden where sunlight flowed in , and the room was decorated with oil paintings and an ottoman carpet .
they turned to see sister oana approaching them through the garden .
i put a comforting hand on a shaking shoulder , i looked out into the garden to try and spy what made my lady love tremble so .
we crept almost on all fours around the side of the house and into the back garden , my ears were attuned to the sounds of the night , none of which seemed untoward .
they went through the french windows into the garden and when violet glanced back , she could see mrs granger , talking to ... something .
he went to the window and opened it , looking out over the back garden .
he looked back over his shoulder , seeking out the man in the garden .
the porch branched off and became a raised brick walkway around the garden .
he studied the garden , outside his dens window , which was in a state of disarray ...
books , of course , lined the walls , mechanical toys and puzzles lay on the lower shelving , and a free - standing globe beckoned by the window overlooking the garden .
* sir clive 's house in the countryside - 1999 cairo 's feline nocturnal wanderings had always been restricted to the confines of the house , it was at the height of the previous summer that she discovered a way out into the eerily beautiful garden .
she parked on the shingled area in the front garden , feeling nervous about seeing the old cottage again , ghosts of her parent 's untimely deaths haunted her dreams and she 'd spent years trying to block out the memories .
she lumped her suitcase up the stairs and flopped it on her bed , then crossed the landing to her father 's study which overlooked the back garden .
* eve strolled aimlessly around the garden , the time approaching midnight , it was quite dark ; the only light coming from the house windows .
out of one window i can see the garden , those mysterious deep - shaded arbors , the riotous old - fashioned flowers , and bushes and gnarly trees .
from my windows i can see the seine , which flows by the side of my garden , on the other side of the road , almost through my grounds , the great and wide seine , which goes to rouen and havre , and which is covered with boats passing to and fro .
the doctor had bought the house from the heirs of a celebrated surgeon ; and his own tastes being rather chemical than anatomical , had changed the destination of the block at the bottom of the garden .
and then he begged mr . utterson to follow him , and led the way to the back garden .
he was past the doorway and in the garden within seconds .
she searched the house and the surrounding garden for half an hour .
those small garden pathway lights were placed along where the rose trees were planted , but they were too dim to reveal much .
well there certainly is nt any beauty in this rose garden .
he ran for the garden hose and found that it was put away for the winter .
ringo dingo came running toward the garden from the far side of the house and joined in the robot chase as the toy started shouting and all its multicolored lights flashed .
the evening began with a trip to the belladonna gardens .
chariah made his slow , circular way toward the center of the gardens while sweating dreams and listening to far - off music .
from the porch that ran around the house to the sweeping , beautiful staircase that dominated the hallway , to the overgrown but rangy gardens , she had fallen in love with the whole place .
he cleared the errant shards of glass and then climbed down out through the window and into his garden .
and so with a full house at the garden , the fearless forenza and jumping bat jackson collided .
getting out of the car , i saw the green gardens filled with hostas and felt the early dew already clinging to the lawn , a deep earthy scent hung in the air choking me .
for some reason i could nt get past the idea of a lot of duck hunting males married to a bunch of garden party ladies .
i relaxed a little then , taking the time to notice the beautiful flower gardens of the other houses on the block .
in my dream , i was in the rose garden and it was late afternoon .
the setting sun did nt reach this part of the yard and the tall back hedges blocked out the afternoon light so that the shadows had already taken hold of the garden .
from where i was sitting , i could look out over the tangled rose garden .
i closed my eyes , wanting to forget about the rose garden , the house , and the mysterious spirit that seemed to haunt the place .
memories flashed behind my eyes of mine and alastors wedding , him kissing my naked skin in the rose garden , his face when i shot him , and lastly , alastor in my room earlier begging me not to leave .
seeing the rose garden made me think of alastor and the salty taste of his lips .
so i poured myself a glass of that stuff - help yourself , by the way , it 's still nice and cold - and i pushed back the curtain over the sink to take a look out at my garden .
as she surveyed the yard and the garden .
my uncle 's standing between us and the rear garden gate of bill - e 's home .
the floodlight mounted above the kitchen door lit the clotheslines and the garden with merciless clarity , revealing everything that needed to be revealed .
shadows were gathering in the garden 's hollows , and the crickets were beginning to hum .
` ` why ... '' he looked vaguely out across the garden .
she went back out on the porch and for a moment they stood there looking at the garden , at the hole with the dirt thrown up around it .
he wished mightily that the judge had n't just mentioned his garden , his books , his notes , and his glass of wine before bedtime .
to the right was the alhambra inn and gardens , and that was where the boy 's thoughts relentlessly took him .
the formal gardens on its landward side were barely visible from jack 's beachfront angle - a dark green flip of hedge , that was all .
' i spent the happiest three weeks of my life in this funny little place , ' lily told him , driving past the old man ( who turned , jack saw , to look after them with frightened suspicion - he was mouthing something but jack could not tell what it was ) and then swinging the car up the curved drive through the front gardens of the hotel .
nobody expected lily to win , least of all lily ; but for lily the customary clich about the real honor being in the nomination was honest truth - she did feel honored , deeply and genuinely , and to celebrate this one moment of real professional recognition , phil sawyer had wisely taken her for three weeks to the alhambra inn and gardens , on the other side of the continent , where they had watched the oscars while drinking champagne in bed .
the empty gardens and drive stretched out before him .
he shook his head , trying to send the terrible thought away before a lurking panic could rush up out of the alhambra 's well - ordered gardens and blast him apart .
he was walking very quickly now , and he shoved his hands into his pockets as he jumped down off the curving path through the gardens onto the hotel 's drive .
to his right was the rambling , many - winged alhambra inn , with the formal gardens before it and the ocean beyond it .
the darling of the drive - ins and queen of the bs was nowhere in the wide gardens before the hotel , jack saw immediately - and he had known that she would not be in the gardens , for he would have seen her on his way into the hotel .
a red handkerchief elbert palamountain 's wife had given him when she 'd seen him wipe his nose on his sleeve , two matchbooks , the few dollars and scattered change that was all of his money - a total of six dollars and forty - two cents - the key to room 407 of the alhambra inn and gardens .
and let himself be taken by the sunset - it seemed oddly premonitory , a dream of accomplishment , and led him into memories of all he had undergone since leaving the alhambra inn and gardens .
dining room giving on the gardens there , dining room giving on a deck over the water here .
she screamed at the bird , which was circling restlessly over the gardens .
the wind that was harrying through the formal gardens lifted his hair away from his forehead and blew it back .
5 as the sun went down , anderson sat on her back porch , staring across her garden toward the woods , and listened to the voices in her head .
her tomcat tractor was standing in front of the large shed to the left of the garden c nothing unusual about that , it was where she most commonly left it when the weatherman said it was n't going to get rained on .
dusk had advanced far enough now so that the woods beyond the garden were a massy blue - gray with no detail to them .
they would be out of the garden in seconds c he could feel those seconds bustling by , like .
hot sparks whirled toward the garden and the woods beyond .
there would be ' puttering in the garden . '
there 's a cat on the other side of your garden wall .
it was n't the fact that she would sometimes lie in bed after lovemaking , talking about pick - and - rolls , give - and - gos , and the inability of shawna deeson to learn something ellen called ` ` the old garden gate . ''
chapter three later that same afternoon , stephanie slumped in the bay window of her grandparents ' library and watched her aunt helen drift by outside on the grassy expanse of the garden lawn .
vines hung from the garden walls , giving the edges a jungly look , but with careful searching stephanie located aunt helen in a far corner .
no longer addressing the rose bush , she was moving monotonously around the garden again and had been joined on the lawn by a pair of brown grackles , arrogant birds , which were pacing , squawking , and screeching in front of aunt helen like silly heralds .
the front garden is a swamp .
she asked about the new outhouse ron was putting up in the back garden .
jill in her track suit pushing the buggy down the garden path .
outside the kitchen window the garden was hidden by darkness .
after a late breakfast consisting of muffins and warm milk , he walked around the royal gardens desperately seeking something to do .
sunday , he strolled around the royal gardens and spent some time getting to know juliet a little bit better .
in the morning , he would arise and have a light breakfast before taking a stroll through the royal gardens .
councillor lewtt sat alone inside a gazebo overlooking the garden .
on this particular morning , he walked with juliet around the royal gardens enjoying the first rays of the morning sun .
the tram passed white - painted mansion houses , their gardens and lawns disfigured by cheap concrete apartments for students and the mentally ill . ` ` is your sorority one of those big houses down there ?
mr mcfarlands house was there , i could see him out in the garden .
one fence , a second , she manages , zinging through the shabby gardens .
the house was completely dark , except for a very faint glimmer of light in a window overlooking the garden .
she carried a fan , and she was strolling in the garden as though she had just left a ball inside for a breath of fresh air .
foster attempted to focus his attention on the moon again , but he could not refrain from leaning forward out the window to see if he could spot the lady in the garden .
the garden had once been a formal garden with geometrical patterns of shrubbery .
iii foster coaxed annabelle along the garden path , towards the front of the house .
v foster was seated at his writing desk overlooking the garden .
no one else was visible in the shot , but it was clearly the moment when foster was walking with annabelle in the garden .
the troupe were crouched down behind a hedge that bordered the front garden .
she raided his wardrobe they found redbear dead in the garden , crimson like a rose .
that of milk bottles as the fridge door popped , turning his attention from the back garden vista to the intimacy of the appliance whose lulling volume had increased .
the back garden he found himself in was his own .
that brummy pratt from the corner house had backed up over his garden again .
they lived in a hammerhead at the end of the cul - de - sac and the gardens were all open plan without hedges , fences or gates .
86 , charleston gardens .
some of the front gardens were beautifully maintained , full of flowers and shrubs and manicured lawns , some were just tidy , some were vegetable plots and some were jungles .
he walked through the car park that had once been the front garden of the house noting that unlike any acyop office the cars were all less than three years old .
meanwhile , cousin elias hovered around the garden fence , grumbling and complaining to mitch about how he would have to leave town and his gold claim when he left with mitch , which just was nt fair .
the twosome admired the gardens of the houses in a way they had n't admired gardens before , or even noticed the magnificence of grass and bushes .
as a joke pa had given her a pencil and notepad , something he came to regret as she followed him about the house and garden , quizzing him over details of her sketchy past .
he went to the garden shed and parted lace thick cobwebs from the doorway .
our craft landed in the opposite gardens , while silently , we watched the twin saucer descend before us .
from nowhere a four storey house of palatial design appeared , complete with excessive driveway and manicured gardens .
yo - yo , lily and aunty latch walk back down the road to the gardens of the yorkshire museum and settle near the ruins of st mary 's abbey , which is believed to have been founded in 1089 by a monk from whitby named stephen .
'' it is said that dogs came from those bushes , '' he indicates the shrubs in the king 's manor garden , '' to lick at the pulp and gnaw on his bones several minutes before he died . ''
uncle reefer had pushed him round the garden in a silence broken only by the winnowing of his pipe and aunty latch 's occasional snippets of gossip .
after they had wheeled him round the garden several times , matron majeiskii had appeared in the doorway to wave them indoors saying it was time for the boy 's medication , a thick , white syrup which tasted of toothpaste and made him feel sick .
they pass the minster gardens and then the clerical houses , long , beautiful lawns tended by churchmen , and then , horrifyingly , there are some steps , only a few but enough to send their teeth a - chattering , their bones a - clattering and their bollocks a - splattering .
minutes later , yo - yo is sauntering through the minster gardens adjusting the red and yellow tie of his newly adopted clan whilst the boy shivers in a bush in white vest and y - fronts waiting to be transformed into the greatest bowler since spinny mcspinner took nine wickets for no runs in 1907 playing for the edinburgh gentlemen in a match against the longbottom players of northallerton , yorks .
if i wanted introductions , i 'd have invited you to a garden party .
she had planned a delightful afternoon garden party with numerous invitees drawn from the finest of southrump 's high society .
here rests the splendid memories of my busy and enjoyable childhood , one spent exploring the expansive gardens and grounds when not racing throughout the multitude of ornately appointed rooms forming the three - story brickwork structure .
parallel to the driveway below and overlooking the backyard and gardens of the manor through the gaps in the apple trees , i ushered the hodaka along the edge of the pathway dutifully mowed each week .
it was sometime between us reaching the garden gates and us entering ( or being in ) the big white greenhouse .
in the rose gardens , said james .
we went up past the greenhouse and around to the rose gardens .
at the rose gardens , or near to them , we took up shelter under a podium somesuchthing .
they wheeled the trolley up the steps into the garden and then out the wooden door into the lane beside the house .
he turned to rip the back door from its hinges and walked into the garden .
we went to the herbaceous borders behind the rose gardens .
at the top of the field , he found there was a choice of direction : to the right was a broad track between the hedge bounding the quarry site and the back gardens of a row of houses , ahead was a narrow but paved footpath to the road on to which they fronted .
the gardens were generally well kept , with a couple ending in hard standing for a car .
if you looked out of the dining room window you could see enormous clumps of it growing like big green triffids waving in the wind , tapping on the glass panes and threatening to climb over the flint walls that enclosed the small back garden .
i pushed open the wooden gate and stole silently down the path which led to the back garden .
its a great adventure but there s still something in my head about dad that i ca nt let go and when i hear all these stories i just know that she s leading him up the garden path , and i know i ought to let him learn the lesson the hard way and i am trying not to ring him up .
lady marlebone joined cloud and lee to sit on garden chairs at the back of the house where she could keep her watchful eye on the young ones and still have a lively conversation with cloud , uncouth but likeable was her opinion of him .
i was just going for a walk out in the garden , miss marlebone , i d be very honoured if you d take my arm .
in the back garden , sir .
cloud made his way down the stairs and strolled out into the garden , clarence sat in the darkness smoking a cigar .
after lunch clarence was sitting out in the garden reading a newspaper .
haddington continued to watch miss blackie in the garden , the butterfly she had been chasing had quickly disappeared .
haddington strolled out to the back garden with his hands in his pockets , he intended to finish his cigar before going to bed .
down near the garden chairs was the quick glow of a cigarette .
clarence and lee were just walking away from the house , passing the garden chairs , the shorter , slightly stooped solicitor walked with his hands behind his back as lee smoked a cigarette .
* * * * * chapter 9 clarence came into the garden at the back of the house to pick up haddington , lee and cloud and lead them back to haddingtons office .
he took long strides to try and out - walk her but she followed him out into the garden and across the lawn to the trees .
lady marlebone came to sit with haddington in the garden where he was quietly enjoying a cigar .
drade stood before the bay windows , which opened onto the terrace , and gazed outward over the garden wall and towards the river , a cup of hot , black coffee steaming in his hand .
the clipped and harnessed gardens , the curtsying and bowing trees , the wide sweep of the ocean .
he looked over the gardens just in case , though he was sure he was alone and unobserved , because in langley it was not done to spy on one 's neighbours , this was not the barbecue belt .
still , the gardens were looking magnificent .
harper breathed out evenly and at great length while leafing through a dog - eared copy of italian homes and gardens he d discovered on the magazine rack .
the smoke brought on another hacking that left him coughing and stamping and swearing bloody murder all the way round the perimeter of the gardens .
down below , kayley looked back out of the depths of the gardens at her two teachers and wondered if they had got round to discussing events that had occurred yesterday in the sistine chapel .
bruce was still going on about the gardens , but all she could think of was that presence on the balcony staring down into her very soul .
with crystal lucidity , he recognizes himself leaning against his parents garden railings .
as a result , at any time , just the tips of the twigs of any evolutionary tree are visible to his surprise , and after the shock of seeing the living room , arnold matson found the garden at the vicarage to be extremely pleasant .
edith confessed she has a soft spot for birds but little else in the garden ; especially slugs , and arnold had lightened ediths mood by informing her that slugs are hermaphrodites , and so are able to mate with themselves which , to matsons surprise , prompted a response of that must come in handy from the old woman .
once she has settled on a comfortable white cane sofa , she plumps up the cushions , relaxes back with the photograph and stares longingly across the back porch and neat garden lawn .
her garden may be in a state of undress as it lies in the throes of early - winter , but it is not long before the warmth and cosiness of her conservatory begin to take miss moseleys imagination to another place a child , little more than four or five years , peeps out from behind a large shrubbery and goes into hiding again .
colin , calls miss moseley , very softly , from her daydreamthe youngsters face appears once again , this time from behind the garden shed .
he went out to the garden shed , fought his way through the cobwebs and hauled out the lawn mower .
why not divert the cost of building it to charity and use someones garden shed ?
there was something artificial and staged about the front garden , its stillness and neatness .
he looked to beyond the pool , where nancy was in the garden clipping away at the mayflower bush with a large pair of garden clippers .
pergs mum bustled out into the garden and hustled them back into the dining room .
i turned the corner and sat on a wooden bench which was surrounded by the modest rose garden .
we turn left , driving past the well - maintained gardens to park at the side , unloading the van to carry the gear through to the stage door .
adjacent to a couple of flourishing palm trees in the front garden , there is an american style post box , attached to which is a wood - grained plate displaying the name ' villanova ' .
when i opened the door to free him , he would go crazy for about five minutes , tearing round the house , or the back garden , it put me in mind of a ferret that had recently eaten a vindaloo .
we had had a heavy snowfall overnight , and the back garden was covered to depth of about two inches .
he started trotting round the garden looking for it , but obviously , it was well and truly buried under the snow , so he could nt locate it .
most of the time , this was sufficient to keep kopek from visiting our neighbours gardens , which were accessible from the private road at the rear of our house .
i d let him out in the garden one afternoon , when half an hour later , i noticed he had nt come back in .
as i gathered up piles of paper , he would dash in between my legs and steal some , then rush off around the garden with bits in his mouth .
from my patio , i could see a nearly impenetrable perimeter of hibiscus in full bloom , which lushly added to the gardens privacy .
bart is from your neck of the woods , where he danced at covent garden , also for a long time .
he went around to the rear of the house , the garden area , looked up the eight steps to the porch , and saw roger sitting there in an antique rocking chair , with his cat on his lap and his beretta in his hand .
once he could make out the street signs and mailboxes and garden fences , he felt safe enough to leave his post at the window and crawl under the covers where he shivered with chill and fright until he fell asleep .
johnny followed his brother who was heading through the expansive gardens of the estate .
ill give kristin a short tour of the gardens in the meantime then well head inside .
he left the house after lunch , dropping gwen and catherine at middleton place for a stroll around the famous gardens .
she and gwen walked slowly through the gardens , talking or not talking .
so he went , carefully , around the garden and around the house and around the other children watching and playing .
and thank heavens for that fifth amendment , which meant i did n't have to explain how her garden shed randomly caught on fire .
more than the garden of life , it was the thundering silence of girl which was perplexing me .
wo nt you like to see the garden of life ?
the garden of life is a garden .
so far , more than the mystery of garden of life , it was heaviness in the voice of little girl which was increasing my anxiety .
it read the garden of life .
apart from the rear side of that high mount wall , a couple of stairs and that welcome marble slate , there was nothing worth mentioning about the garden .
standing on top of it i thought it would be easy to take a spectacular view of the garden .
infact the entire garden of life so far has been realistically enthralling .
and what about the garden of life ... ?
the garden of life will exist in my memories .
my garden of life will never be far from me .
nor have i seen the garden of life again .
across the road lived our neighbours in a nice little bungalow with a neat little front garden .
out to the cobbled garden , where rows of foldout chairs had been set up for the ceremony .
through another door , leading to a path that hugged the gardens outer hedges .
she let out a scream and hopped into his arms as the creature shot past , disappearing into the dark hedge beyond his garden .
no visits by the mayor or the senator , no garden parties with dragoon punch or southern charms , no soirees with a diva playing the steinway . ''
she stopped trimming , looked back at the rose garden then turned to me and said , ` ` no .
their well - kept gardens disappeared into encroaching night .
then he spotted him in the rose garden , in the shadow of a ziggurat .
hanging gardens smiled modestly .
and there , on her hands and knees in the front garden , tugging away at the most stubborn of the weeds in the flower border , was a woman whom i could only assume to be my wife .
all i had to do was walk through the garden gate , say hello , and then goodbye .
claire put the pamphlet through the letterbox and walked back down the garden path , closing the gate gently behind her .
chapter ten the garden party was being held in a classic diplomatic enclave of havana , the embassy of russia .
i did n't mind too much because ben and i had agreed sleeping in could wait until we had the buildings and garden shipshape .
he leapt to the back of the couch and looked toward the garden .
he dashed out the front door , leapt over the veranda railing and ran toward the garden .
there s a glossy home and garden on the table for you .
this time , however , charlotte brooks was with her , dressed for a garden party .
he chirped to the headstone as he took in the fresh scent of cut grass and viewed the surrounding gardens , eager to start the job at hand .
10,000 people covering the beautifully - landscaped gardens of kenwood estate listened intently with bemused faces .
konrad lucy whispered amid the chaotic energy encircling the gardens , i think she s about to call konrad gruber !
ashleigh stood up from behind the bushes and scanned the convent gardens .
built in the 1900s , the grand two - storey buildings and expansive gardens still maintained a grace that no doubt elicited meditation and inspired contemplation .
special envoy scanned the garden before directing his menacing glare at ashleigh .
` ` back at our apartment building , i suddenly noticed a peculiar new object in our apartment 's surrounding garden .
if they wanted a bird bath with a fluted pedestal or a neo - gothic garden shed or plastic corinthian columns with bunches of grapes carved into the plinth to support their car port , that 's what they 'd get . ''
ok . steven and i lounged around for another hour and some other people came into the gardens .
as he was walking back across the small garden he tripped on the hose , which was still strewn across the lawn from several weeks earlier when he had been distracted from watering the garden by the arrival of harry for his weekly dinner .
mary appeared at the upstairs window of their bedroom and she lifted the window and peered down into the garden below .
with the sounds of gunshots ringing in his ears he eventually found himself walking through the botanical gardens , along the harbour - side path .
the departure of the vehicle revealed brick 's house in all its glory : a simple quasi terrace in a row of many , complete with straggled front garden and imposing door from the days when it had been new and proud .
he nodded towards the front garden .
the owner of the property stood frozen in the front garden , inspecting a plant .
the whole island was spread before them : the browns and greens of the dukes forest to the north ; the red roofs charred by black chimneys to the south ; and the blues and browns of the three rivers flowing to the city gardens in the islands centre .
so , he said , why is the front garden awful ?
that s an old gazebo and just beyond is an old house and this was the rose garden of that house .
so i immediately closed the door again and took little charlie through the kitchen door and outside into the garden .
we start our official tour outside in the vast gardens that spread out beyond us in a formal style that emanates pure class .
its not fun anymore , she replies and he drags carrie outside to the far end of the garden for a severe telling off by the looks of the shouting and screaming taking place .
i was feeling like the odd one out in this garden party of love .
nice gatefold with a picture of sadies garden .
tulips , emmas favorite , filled the garden .
her gardens were very important to her .
it had come ajar , pushed by a curious wind , an intrusive draught that washed the cottage of its pleasing garden odours and replaced them with a harsh smell of burning .
but it was true that for some time now the cheeping of the chaffinches that flew into the presbytery garden to feed on the bread crumbs he scattered every morning after breakfast were growing fainter and fainter .
in that precarrious time he d constantly warned esther never to open her mouth so as to be heard by anyone he could not be sure of , as he could of the greniers , the constanses , the giardis , and the tricquets , with whose deformed son , when years later he d become sexton , shed constantly scrap over the rectory gardens .
sometimes he d wander into streets of mansions where the yards and gardens were well kept .
one evening when the child could not sleep he went outside and walked about the gardens surrounding the palace .
they talked a bit about the weather and their gardens and then , without warning , mabel bradley got the memory book from her husbands funeral .
through the picture window , which stretched almost the length of the west wall , she looked into the house - garden and beyond it to familiar paddocks , the stables , and the edge of the forest .
coming to terms wednesday 12th september 1990 it was late in the day when caroline quietly withdrew from the garden and went inside , leaving a bibulous collection of guests yarning about old times and debating the prospects for the coming season .
at the bottom of the house - garden , a young couple was seated on the lawn .
i move the curtain back a little and note a long shadow , warped and twisted , sprawling his garden .
what makes you think hell exists below your garden , i ask him .
in a dressing gown , i head out into the garden .
on the weekends i see the gardens progress for myself .
its all as usual , except for this time , our garden is not as it should be .
emerging after dark from two doors down 's garden shed with its bath - tub and corrugated iron , scherzo crept on all fours through the rose bushes marking the disputed boundary between that garden and mrs fry 's , melding with the aforementioned as a curtain twitched , wary of discovery , imitating foliage and washing as he neared the crumbling brick wall separating mrs fry 's well maintained flowerbeds and lawn from his disordered own .
scherzo fought with the window latch and secured his exit , charged blindly through the enforested garden having rapidly shinned down the drainpipe , crashed the hedge - cum - fence , continued in the direction of the railway line , reassured that although it was possible to hear distant trains , few if any ever arrived to disturb the equilibrium of your eight fragile years .
but i most fondly remembered the garden with its deep shade and huge trees .
it illuminated the garden with an unearthly blue light .
they had three powerful motion - sensor spotlights -- one over the back door of the rectory , one on the back wall of the church and another over the sacristy door -- and not one of them had come on when mike moved into the darkness of the garden .
shuddering her shoulders as if she were a horse in the midst of a swarm of horseflies and shaking her hands as though they had gone to sleep , she ran from the garden leaving her basket and the kitchen shears in the middle of the row of gently swaying plants .
you ve always had wonderful gardens .
* * * heavy drops soaked the meandering property , and sam , stroking russ at his feet , lay on an oversized windowsill , staring outside at the lawns and gardens which were beautiful in the rain .
there s a room that overlooks the gardens .
no family houses or small buildings with manicured lawns and gardens appeared in their view .
she walked like a herald bearing a royal message all the way across the lawn and patio , halting just before she became entangled in the thorns hedging the garden .
but even though vienne and katharyn had remained in the rose garden during this dry rain , they were altogether unaffected .
katharyn sat quietly in the rose garden for a few minutes with the urn in her lap .
ms.pembleton laughed at herself , yes , and you ll have a lovely party in the rose garden , too .
but there , at the backdoor , katharyn halted and peered down the flight of stairs that separated the house from the garden .
the two wandered around the garden for a long while , marveling at the beauty surrounding them and speaking with love and laughter .
both of them ran into the house garden .
through a picture window on the far side he could see into a garden .
small birds flit through the low bushes and the flowering trees , perching for an instant on a branch , darting to the back of a white wrought iron garden chair , fluttering in small groups to bathe in the big fountain , little wings splashing in the water .
` ` not great tasting tea , i 'd wager , '' doug says cheerily , coming up unseen behind her and taking a seat in the wrought iron garden chair on her right , setting his backpack and laptop case on the table .
outside on the veranda , charlie and marie find garden chairs and sit at an angle to each other in the half light .
the gardens have never looked this good .
it sat deep inside the gardens .
miles lit his own cigarette and joined hobson in blowing smoke out the little window overlooking the flower garden .
c is for corpse , death in the parish , several books of the primrose sister 's murder club series , whatever that was she pictured a pair of elderly ladies in floral print dresses creeping into some vast dark house through the garden window , shining knives in their bony hands , and she grinned .
the trees were bare of leaves , many of which lay rotting in wet , heavy heaps in the front garden .
the bicycles and garden tools had been stowed in the garage .
: thus it came to pass that at the age of twenty - nine siddhattha gotama , the once - to - be heir of a small , but prosperous kingdom , took a long and meaningful look at the palace , at his wife , at his son , at his father the king , at the beauty of the gardens , at the abundance that did its very bestbut failedto cover up the underlying and much larger truth : things are born , they grow , they decline , and pass away .
her first impulse was to grab her brother in her arms and rush out the back door , vanish over the garden fence and hide forever .
they entered through a heavy , dark oak door and stepped through a cozy entryway and down a couple of steps into a beautiful music room : hardwood floors , wood paneling and pictures , and facing the garden outside was a wall of glass and sliding doors .
big piano , glass wall onto the back garden .
the front room or garden room or whatever it was that the french doors opened into was burning now , and images of the convent sprang to mind .
one of the remaining two guards suddenly charged through the garden room from inside the house and jumped through flames and out onto the back lawn , semi drawn .
i know , mother , i said without looking at her , that s why you kept us locked in the back garden and then sent us off to boarding school .
in our old bedroom upstairs , looking onto the garden that now seemed so small , helena and i could laugh about it .
and i know , always , the certainty like a shadow , inseparable , that no matter how much wealth i accumulate , no matter how many music recordings i own , no matter how vast and well appointed my library , no matter how large my mansion , my gardens , my holdings , i will never reach the eternal through them .
her neighborhood was made up of close - packed small brick houses , and in those days it was almost a suburb , and the streetcar from downtown would come clanging up on its last run , and her father would get off of it and come home when twilight was falling and the lightning bugs had begun to spark and fade across the green - blue lawns and the shrubs and gardens were beginning to yawn back their perfumed moisture to the fading sky , and she loved him and she loved that time of night when he came home .
sometimes he stood still before a brightly painted summer villa standing among green foliage , he gazed through the fence , he saw in the distance smartly dressed women on the verandahs and balconies , and children running in the gardens .
mother loved kaytils garden , and she would have also stared at those flowers .
i must also thank him profusely for picking up much of the slack around the house and in the gardens , especially in the last year of this journey we took together .
i want roses in my garden bower , you dig ?
it gave davey valuable seconds , he reached the overgrown gardens of the mansion and paused but the sounds of pursuit sent him hurdling up onto a low wall in front of the house , the wall surrounded a perfectly flat patch of long straggly grass .
it was calm and peaceful in the garden , even the faint breeze was stilled by the walls which were three times his height , at one end towered the mansion ; dull grey lead down - spouts contrasted against the dark red stones , they led up to stone gutters where crudely carved sandstone gargoyles glowered ready to belch rainwater , above them eagles and great cats stalked in statues of stone .
yatesy was on top of the garden wall .
fleabag shot back out of the garden squealing , ashe 'll get > i m , leave > i m to her !
so it is i find myself sipping ice tea in the formal back garden belonging to a fine christian lady in one of the biggest and oldest houses in oxford .
i took the long way , through carroll gardens where connie and i lived when we rst moved to brooklyn .
blue and pierre , and my gardens .
she made ready and went out to the garden to meet staid , where he was waiting with a lamp and a sprig of laurel .
the stodgy food seemed to do the trick because as i wandered about the garden after breakfast my mood lightened and the pains eased .
i interrupted my garden survey , turning back into the sunroom where julia was setting down a tray upon the squat mahogany table .
graham was bustling about , hunting inside cupboard doors for keys , and emerging from the garden shed with a torch , pocket knives and firelighters .
i descended the garden steps to the gate .
usually on such a sunday , i would scurry along castle street to the queens gardens .
for a few seconds i gazed out the window at the garden , next door .
i ve already got a table for the three of us overlooking the back garden in a nice quiet spot so i can hear all about your morning trip .
they had agreed that she would leave the garden gate unlocked so she would not be seen letting him in .
south from this point , through the gap in the centre columns of the portico sat the extensive first tee that was laid out in the curve of the ornamental gardens before the terrace .
the pond is set in the heart of the formal gardens and lay directly behind the first tee .
a couple of empty beer cans had been inconsiderately tossed into the garden and someone had drawn crazy looking faces on the bunch of balloons that had been tied to the pink flamingos to indicate to first timers that they were at the right house .
her limpid eyes were transfixed on the opaque maze of summer foliage just beyond the rose garden .
fetching his gravy tub from his parka he went to the kitchen and drank tap water whilst overlooking lizs back garden .
you know i did nt want this , johnny said before reaching maxs garden gate .
the gardens and lawns were in pristine condition .
the rose gardens were resplendent in their many colours , and giving the greatest display i ever remembered .
the man he had come to see was almost 50 metres away at the extreme end of the gardens .
you will have as free a command of the park and gardens as ever .
sharon lead the way out of the kitchen through the kitchen side door where amanda saw the rock garden cascading back for thirty yards .
he had written and it made sharon want to cry for the first time in a long time , and when she looked back to the garden at her rival , there were two tears in her eyes , and she was proud of them and wished that she could have told laura what eugene had just written to her .
our garden is presently a big rectangle of undulating white snow .
then we all wearily trudge down the garden path in the dark .
some said the italian gardens were so beautiful they brought even the most cynical , hard - hearted men to tears .
they were two neighbours chatting over the garden fence , each one safely inside their territory and their convictions .
at last he could make out the chimney , the garden fence , his car parked under a tree .
i m not saying that , carlos said as she marched passed him down the garden path .
he walked up the garden path .
they walked up their grandmas front garden and haz opened the door .
tom was at the window , his hands behind his back , looking out across the garden .
two men were in the garden .
they sat on the ground in the back garden watching the sunset .
* * * sarah and chad sat in the back garden watching the sun slide below the horizon .
* * * chad and sarah were wrapped in a duvet in the back garden late in the night .
vera was up and dressed when we arrived at the start of visiting hours , and she willingly accompanied us to the small parlor to sit comfortably and admire what we could of the outside garden .
nina and i both exclaim over grandma veras beloved gardens .
but those who pass the garden without stopping in are permitted never back .
when the beautiful mrs . abel had read the letter , she folded her hands together and exclaimed , ` ` oh , he will never come into the rose garden !
at this moment came both the boys flying forward on their horses on the meadow which lay in the depths below the little garden .
she laid for a moment her white hand on his ; then she threw back her shining locks and stepped without looking back out of the little garden .
up there was one thing , deformed and translucent , looking down through the windowpanes into the garden .
the limited nature of her living condition , coupled with the urge to take in all sorts of fine spiritual nourishment for rahels writings were her favorite food produced by her an unusual but not uninteresting view of things for her ; and we ve had some entertaining chats together over the garden picket fence .
# rhoda set down her plate , licking the last bits of cooked apples and savory crust off her fork , and watched her grandchildren race through the garden .
those graves in the front garden where your ancestors become part of the garden furniture are a bit shocking at first but when you think about it , its sort of healthy .
ronan had offered to pick up his guests at six - thirty so they could look around the garden at the commission house before dark .
this one was located on the hilliest part of the gardens , with moderate security .
other tour groups were also about , taking numerous pictures of the garden and tea - pickers .
he grabbed his doctors bag out of the back seat and walked across the garden toward the two people now standing and shading their eyes from the evening sun to see who was visiting .
she had not been at diplow before except to dine ; and since certain views from the windows and the garden were worth showing , it was proposed after luncheon that the party should make a little exploration .
on their re - entering the garden , they all paused in that cloistered court where , among the falling rose - petals thirteen years before , we saw a boy becoming acquainted with his first sorrow .
day after day passed , and in genoa , the noons were getting hotter , the outer roads getting deeper with white dust , the oleanders in the tubs along the wayside gardens looking more and more like fatigued holiday - makers , and the sweet evening sowing the paths with happy tinklings of mule - bells and thrumming of strings , light footsteps and voices ; while the encircling heights , crowned with forts , skirted with gardens , seemed to come forth in fullness of beauty after their long siesta , till all strong colour melted in the moonlight .
the day had brightened since my arrival , and as mrs . belshire asked michael about his line of work , i turned to look at the gardens behind the house .
not much was visiblea row of thick , overgrown hedges blocked the viewbut from a narrow slit in the garden door i could see flowers dotting the stone path .
he would spend hours meticulously copying images from books , or creating still lifes from objects lying around the house and garden .
the back garden got the sun all afternoon , so he reckoned he could get a good couple of hours in and still have time for a drum session before the rest of the family arrived home from work .
he walked to the window and looked down at the garden below .
it was larger than theo 's , with two huge sash windows looking out on to the rambling back garden .
as they loaded the kit into the car , mr wells walked from the back garden to greet them .
he made it home and left the bike on its side in the front garden .
he saw august reclining in a garden chair , his feet on the wrought iron table in front of him , his shoulders being massaged by a woman he guessed to be his mum .
tom and the rhythm guitarist were in the front garden sharing a fag when he passed .
he woke early the next morning and ate his breakfast on the patio in the back garden , the sun already making an impact on the day .
when he got there , he took the drum kit from its current resting place in the hallway to the back garden .
he looked up to see his friend walking from the house into the garden , his hands in his pockets , a broad smile on his face .
they had been waiting on the pavement for five minutes - rick pacing up and down smoking a cigarette , theo sat on the knee - high front garden wall tapping out a rhythm on his knees - when rick exclaimed ` ` fuck , i think i ' ve double - booked myself . ''
it 's the sort of garden that you can be involved with as little or as much as you like ... '' on through the ground floor ` ` ... utility room with downstairs loo , large spacious entrance hall , two receptions and study ... '' up the stairs ` ` ... two further well - appointed double bedrooms with large sash windows - nice and light and airy - and another reception / diner at the rear with commanding views of the garden and city beyond ... '' up the stairs once more ` ` ... and finally an attic space with master bedroom with en suite and study area ... '' he felt quite out of breath .
crashing the party ginas garden was set for a small party .
a slew of voices sounded outside the window as a congregation of students came pouring into the garden , some loud and joyous , others burying their heads in their hands in fear .
while the tea steeped , i treated jared to the rest of my house and indoor garden tour .
when compared with its near neighbours it seemed that the house had achieved some sort of compromise , that having agreed to let nature take its course it had settled for a state which was neither as dilapidated as some , with their crumbling plasterwork and rotting window frames , nor as fastidious as others , with their precisely pointed walls and neatly clipped gardens .
steadily preparing for one last stroll through the garden .
and then she left the gardens for the very last time .
the gardens were a gift from him to the hospital and the hospice he would soon be living in , tragically enough .
the hallway you went down to greet him every day was still not completely ready to receive terminal patients ; the gardens were nt even open to the public when you met him .
it would be a brief fall , perhaps not as far as from the hospitals gardens .
the gardens themselves , here on the silver - green walkway at ground level , were blanketed with a ghostly - white layer of fog that shifted and swirled with the breaths of invisible breezes .
the shadows of the distant skying empresses intermingled with the immediate shadows of the looming gray columns and a suspended wing - structure high overhead , saturating the gardens with a heightening sense of doom .
a heavy silence had fallen over the gardens , as if the life here , which moments ago could be heard everywhere , had petrified in horror at what this man was about to do .
what joy i used to feel watching you and her play in the palace gardens !
he looked across the garden and caught sight of the ocean .
but no one really knew more than that he lived alone in a castle built by an english eccentric on the slopes of the mountain and surrounded by huge lush gardens enveloped in an impenetrable wall along which armed guards patrolled with their dogs .
if tis so , then tis meet we promenade the gardens before ye leave on your travels .
but lead on , dear sir ; let us see your gardens .
the labour of mine ancestors wouldst be for naught , and peasants wouldst wander unfettered through my gardens and castle rooms admiring not the legacy of a majestic tradition but its remnants .
it does nt live with the fairies at the bottom of the garden ( and they have assured me of that ! )
we ambled along the gardens , past antique lamp - posts regularly alternating with waste paper bins , by which were empty benches , each distinguished by a plaque donated by patrons of the art gallery .
there were more illicit party supporters and others scattered about the art gallerys gardens , but they were milling about with rather less purpose , and even seemed to be in cheerful holiday mood .
the procession took a tortuously long time to pass by , and we were terrified that one of the flies that buzzed backwards and forwards would examine the shadows behind the garden walls and distressed hedges with more attention .
this smallish room , with its bow - fronted sideboard , mock jacobean table , and three matching pictures of pale english country gardens , was called the dining room even though one end of it was actually the kitchen or kitchenette , as laura insisted they call it .
i grabbed a fork , tipped the rice and roast pork into the half - empty chicken container , and sat at the dining table , facing out the big back windows at the night - dark garden .
the garden was drenched in the soft golden light of the full moon high overhead .
gardener sat quietly for a moment looking at the garden .
as i opened my eyes , the sun had risen well into the morning sky , and in the distance i could discern a figure moving about in the cottage garden .
as i closed the garden gate , i looked back and saw that the half woman framed in the doorway .
mags tried to identify the flowers she could just barely make out in the little back garden , and i told them what was blooming in my neighborhood .
i glanced at the clock as i took off my garden gloves and went inside for some water .
i walked back inside through the garden doors and into the large dining area .
around the side of the house , between the double garage and the wall ran a path connecting the front and back gardens .
he also knew the message could have been waiting on their phone when he was there scouting around the garden , no more likely to have been picked up by anyone in that empty house now as then .
hardwick and flint followed the path round towards the back garden , treading carefully and evenly on the flagstones which were set within the gravel path .
on reaching the back garden , hardwick surveyed the scene .
dinner conversation covered the weather , the garden , the horse and finally the living arrangements .
in spite of a thorough search when the building had cooled no trace was found of bodies , and no footprints were found in the rear garden .
the room , glass - walled and -roofed and cantilever - blinded was newer than the building it extended from and in its elegant furniture , perfumed air and views of wildlife in the garden was more continental hotel than the health service waiting room he had half - expected .
so close were the public offices of southney situated to each other , that in her short walk between the police station and library , and across the gardens that formed something of a town square , sarah cobb also passed the civic buildings where unbeknown to her their two murder victims had once met to debate the future of their town ; a future sarahs generation took for granted as their unavoidable present , with the notions that the present town they lived in had ever been decided on or that different decisions might have been made back then both quite absent from her mind .
the house in question was indeed distinct from its neighbours : a kind of ranch - style dwelling , possibly spanish in inspiration , detached though smaller in scale than might be found on the set of a spaghetti western and hemmed in by the trees at either side of the garden .
he has his own room where he likes to read : like a study , with a view of the back garden .
shall i take you to the garden shed where we ve found a walking stick flung on the floor , covered in what the man who first found it thought was spilt creosote ?
he escaped over the garden fence , sir .
i jerked toward it and saw delaney standing near the window overlooking the garden .
' but why a rendezvous in the garden instead of a visit to the house ? '
years ago , when he had first acquired the rancho secreto property and set out to build his private oasis , he had instructed the architect to site his office to overlook the rose garden .
he often stood at his opened office window , admiring the garden and taking in the sweet air .
rios left the rose garden and continued along a newly laid flagstone pathway that led to an imposingly large barn .
while she was in the garden wahl had driven up in his maserati .
rios had been standing at his office window , looking out at the garden .
to our right were the hanging gardens , still considered one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
` ` you ' ve just locked me in the garden shed ! ''
he 'd locked belinda in a garden shed for this .
maybe she should have stayed in the garden shed after all .
she probably intended to hurl it like a football to the other side of the green near the garden shed , but it wound up just a few feet away , froze on its side for a few seconds and then plummeted right side up , most of the stuff still inside .
chapter ten bill meadows walks through the door from the garage into his kitchen and is surprised to find sarah standing at the sink , looking out into the garden , apparently staring at something in her mind .
we d visit each others gardens and do lunch , gradually extending our touring to public gardens as well .
she s had two husbands , both deceased , is rich beyond even my imagination , and her gardens are legendary .
spencer insisted your garden club ladies join us , jillian .
i d love to see it and your gardens , but i would nt want to impose ... . that obviously hit a hot button with evelyn at the mention of her gardens because she changed her attitude toward me immediately .
the gardens surrounding the house bloomed spectacularly .
evelyn and i have looked forward to showing you our gardens .
the ocean view beyond the garden was breathtaking .
there was a disturbance out in the front garden .
christopher , almost always a stickler for procedure , felt somehow reluctant to pursue the usual agenda at this small and strange meeting , and they sat in easy chairs , drinking , staring out between the curtains at the dark garden , and talking inconsequentially .
the rose garden looked recently tended .
i walked from room to room gazing out the windows on the gardens .
with water dripping off my hair and into my eyes , i searched the garden shed .
i looked up my notes for that particular garden party which i had annotated to at the end of cartwright 's description , and was interested to see that constance gowain was likewise in attendance , her father proudly displaying her spirit photographs as though they were works of priceless high art .
i glanced round at the neighbouring houses with their narrow gardens and abundance of shrubs and roses .
under other circumstances i would have paused to admire the garden with its blossoming trees and rose arbour , but oliver had his hand under my elbow and escorted me straight to the back door .
she came up to the garden fence for me to give her a scratch around the neck , and then went off again , her black fur glinting in the sun .
she looked around for me and then came down the steps to the garden fence .
i then made sure that i carefully secured the garden gate before heading inside .
to quell my nervousness i suggested that we take a look around the gardens before going inside ; gary quickly agreed , and stepped away to light up an american spirit cigarette .
as i strolled around the courtyard and adjoining gardens , i admired the massive adobe walls and angles on the pueblo revival - style house .
i spent the next day working with jorge martinez and crew , placing large landscaping boulders in the gardens and finishing a gambion wall i had designed to curve around the side of the property to embrace a sitting area installed beneath two austrian pines .
the gardens were prepared for cold weather , but i was nt .
a mottled gray cat , a green - eyed , friendly one who d come up on the porch when the dogs were nt there , was sitting in the sun in a far corner of the bare garden .
on the opposite wall i recognized a younger carina , and the next painting in line showed a middle - aged man striking a regal pose beside a large window that opened onto a sunlit garden .
it was all bubba could do to keep up with trimming the yard and gardens out of complete wilderness .
precious scooted under the chair , peering suspiciously out at neal , who was standing in the middle of the garden with a dumb look plastered across his face .
all the neighbours around us owned their own houses and our front garden was full of cast - off bikes and pushchairs so we were clearly the family from hell .
we moved into a larger than average flat in stoke newington , which had three bedrooms , a huge high - ceilinged living room which led into a galley kitchen , and a garden .
soon after the shower we were dressed and were sitting in the garden with a cigarette and a couple of cokes and my thoughts turned to the consequences of what had just taken place .
the cottage was not exactly picture postcard with a thatched roof and roses around the door but it was clean , comfortable and very well equipped , including a bloody huge satellite dish in the garden which rather spoiled the view .
the bled garden was on the st . louis garden tour and had been in umpteen magazines .
his bedrooms french windows led onto a small first floor patio overlooking the garden .
he got up and walked onto the small balcony , looking down onto the garden .
he left the light off so that the faint moonlight might pick out objects in the garden and the field beyond .
a large oak and two elms had lost nearly all their leaves ; only two large fir trees at the end of the garden moved with the wind .
for a moment he thought he saw the dull shapes of figures moving beyond the garden - but as he looked more intently , they were no longer there .
eyran thought he heard voices coming out of the ghostly mist and moved towards it ; but it spread quickly and drifted in billows until it engulfed the entire garden and the house , and he could n't find his way through .
his mother surveyed the garden fondly , probably remembering her grandchildren running around playing earlier in the year .
it was a recent photograph taken of monica in the back garden of her home in exford road , lee .
it had one large window looking out on to the front garden , the road beyond , and where stuarts car was parked .
stuart who had been resting his eyes sat upright took a look round him , and said , no , turn right here into kensington palace gardens .
number 47 was the end house and the garden reached virtually to the canal .
he led them into the front room , overlooking the front garden . ''
there was a workbench and drawers at the rear , in front of a window overlooking the back garden .
it was a warm evening , just right for relaxing in garden chairs .
he took out a small pocket book from the inside pocket of his jacket , hanging on the back of his garden chair , and drew something like this : ` ` it follows that in ten orbits there are five times when venus the sun and the earth are in line with venus between the earth and the sun .
lauras study overlooked the garden , and it was a lovely may evening .
robert has his studio over there behind the garage , and the garden is quite secluded .
there were windows overlooking the front garden and at the end of the room .
the garden was unkempt and , although it was too dark to be certain , the house looked as if a coat of paint would n't do any harm .
the large cat with a vicious streak was sitting in the garden looking very self satisfied .
you might see deer in the garden from time to time .
we walked back to the house along the winding garden path , jenny nibbling on the handful of berries she grabbed as we passed the bushes .
january caught the scent of something under the garden bench and wanted to dig .
my mother was already out in the garden with lacey and willow , the pitcher of ice tea on the table with their glasses filled .
he hollered as he hurried larry down the garden path towards the car in the driveway .
maybe in daniel 's room and in the garden before anything gets disturbed . ''
he walked back up to the garden and fished mr . martin 's keys from his pocket .
josef drove up behind the car and got out , as he rounded the front of his renault he saw a pc in the front garden holding down an asian man and putting cuffs on him .
he walked once round the block and as he passed the boy 's front garden k dropped the bag just inside the gateway next to a green wheelie bin .
she said ` ` in the front garden .
josef nodded and they both stood silent in the garden for a moment , then mason opened the front door .
there was a six foot fence between this and k 's back garden but josef could see over it from the kitchen step .
bentworth came running out to the back garden where josef was making a sweep of k 's garden .
all the boys were taken from the front garden and something was left behind . ''
he thought about that for a while , with his fingertips together just under his chin , staring out into the garden .
as maggie left she saw her mother gossiping over the back garden fence with a neighbour .
the line circled the garden , then took a serpentine path around the house .
her expression as she surveyed the officers combing the garden , was wooden .
annabelle did n't say anything more ; in fact , she silently walked up the garden path , grabbing her house keys from her bag as she did .
i headed across the opposite side of the garden , insuring the bulk of the house hid us from the woodpile at the back .
well to put it as delicately as possible , i think he s been leading a young lady up the garden path .
gingerly he crept up the garden path .
at the vicars garden party in par they had a guess the weight of the vicar competition .
a guard was sitting in the garden house about two hundred feet ahead .
he moved the garden door open slowly , careful to avoid squeaks from the ancient iron strap hinges that held its half rotten timbers .
the man was clad in a robe sitting in a wooden chair in the same corridor , the far garden door open to a summer scene , the man looking out on his garden which was full of color .
the man was clad in a robe sitting in a wooden chair in the same corridor , the far garden door open to a summer scene , the man looking out on his garden which was full of color .
smote walked up to the edge of the porch and looked up at tench from the boxwood garden below .
he had been here before and had taken calpurnia on an unchaperoned stroll around the side garden .
i did nt feel brave enough to step out on the veranda ; instead , i stood in the hallway breathing in the fresh but humid air and examining the forgotten gardens below .
just outside the garden was pleione , the mother who protected the family .
bright red roses , vibrant daisies , and colorful plants mixed into the luscious garden as if it were a kaleidoscope of plant life .
6 sitting on a bench in chetwynd court near a series of beautiful gardens , barbara looked over her sketches .
she drew the gardens with the buildings as the backdrop .
he returned to overlooking the garden .
i enjoyed the gardens , the old architecture , and the look of the churches .
epilogue escaping secrets 1950 london 95 beyond the beautiful courtyards and gardens , barbara walked to the art gallery .
i checked the garden door .
there were traces of mud on the telephone and muddy tracks from the garden door to the table .
he stalked past the poplars that shielded me , and opened the little side gate that , notionally , divides their front garden from their back garden .
inspector akin gestured to a rosebed at the very back of the barbellinis ' garden .
families were sitting in their front gardens enjoying the evening sun .
after some negotiation the police were allowed through the garden of your residence , by your ambassador .
i admit they dressed up the garden nicely .
* * * the privet hedge surrounding the wilks 's small front garden was fussily neat and clipped as efficiently as a sergeant - major 's moustache , but to rafferty it had more of the appearance of a green , plastic wall than a living thing .
her pink garden gloves were nicely color coordinated , although the green slacks and pullover she wore clashed badly with the hat .
sheila drifted over from the opened french doors that overlooked the gardens .
duncan led dagger to a room on the third floor overlooking the gardens .
the millionaire was outside still , wandering around the gardens in the early evening light .
we gathered in the library , which featured a gothic - looking fireplace on one wall and three large mullioned framed windows overlooking a garden on the other .
then we got out and took up positions on the garden side of the house , outside the librarys three large windows .
she stood at the railing for a moment , took a deep breath of the warm air , then looked down at the garden below .
` ` i went out on the sundeck upstairs -- '' she pointed overhead to the deck which projected out from the second story of the house , covering approximately half the garden area . ` `
sylvester had no further questions , he told them , and added that for the next day or two he 'd appreciate it if they would not use the back garden .
there was a fireplace along one long wall opposite the windows , which looked out onto a narrow extension of the back garden .
in fact , it 's surprising he was able to hit mrs . heisler where she was standing in my back garden from up there , and that the bullet actually killed her .
a cricket was busy making cricket noises in the garden .
` ` in the house and out through the back garden . ''
they stopped at the window and looked through the sheer curtains , studying the windows of her apartment across the way and looking down at the second - floor sundeck , and below that , the garden .
with that external show of bravado , she went out the kitchen door and into the garden .
she turned to her left and walked leisurely past the rear gate of the property next door , the opposite side from the heislers , and casually glanced into the garden .
phillis was standing with her back against the iron gate set in the back wall of the garden .
pat motioned toward the garden door .
the three of them went out through the garden , then through the connecting gate and into the heislers ' kitchen .
outside , as they walked through the adjacent gardens and entered pat 's kitchen , phillis asked what was the urgency for them to leave so abruptly .
pat sorted through a ring of keys until he found the right one , then proceeded to unlock the gate in the garden wall of the rhynn property .
then he came home , and within hours , mrs . heisler had been murdered in the garden of this house .
the kitchen door leading to the garden was bolted on the inside .
while pat was upstairs on the third floor in phillis ' rooms , looking for anything that might help him find her , demey was standing at the back gate in the garden .
i unlatched and opened the window onto the garden letting in the chill wind and rain .
* * * * * * * * * the beauchamps occupied a small house in a lane not far from hampstead heath , in a quiet turning with brick houses and tiny gardens .
the clock at st . paul 's , covent garden struck the three - quarter hour .
that night the renegade had prowled clear around the house , then halted at the garden room door .
~ katy called , and i hurried into the garden room where she had laid out our meal on a small tea table beside the back wall .
katy had grudgingly allowed trucker and miss molly free run , and i d set the litter box in the peach room , the bedroom i d be using , their food and water bowls in the garden room .
katy wandered out of the garden room door to the window box herbs while i stepped over trucker and miss molly .
arm around her waist , i led her out of the garden room .
i smoothed her hair and started back to the garden room .
wandering unhurriedly over to the sink , he clattered them in before he fixed another bowl of bread pudding and carried it through the garden room , on out the door .
reluctantly , i rose and started out through the garden room .
they came into the garden room , and i helped sue ann sit gabe on a chair beside the tea table .
a while ago , the housekeeper gave him a bowl of something at the garden room door .
he reappeared out in the rose garden , motioning frantically at me .
at the garden room door , jack gently shoved me inside .
the other day they had a huge argument in the rose garden .
yeah , jack said from the garden room doorway .
chapter 14 jack set up shop at the tea table in the garden room .
he grabbed his coffee cup and carried it through the garden room , on outside .
sighing , i carried my coffee towards the garden room .
sir gary zipped after bucky and chased him across the rose garden , well behind him .
lord , it seemed like weeks ago that we d talked in the garden room instead of just yesterday .
downstairs once again , i glanced out of the garden room windows , looking for the guards , but did nt see anyone .
i let him and miss molly out , then followed into the rose garden .
then it garbled one last squawk sounded like fear to me and half - flew , half - scrambled off across the rose garden and disappeared .
the doorway led into the kitchen , and jack nonchalantly picked up an apple from the bowl of fruit on the table , tossed it in the air , then took a huge bite on his way into the garden room .
sir gary joined us , and we walked into the garden room to examine the rose garden through the windows .
sir gary joined us , and we walked into the garden room to examine the rose garden through the windows .
they pulled up to a spacious home with vast gardens , and got out and rang the door chime .
surely she could nt have gone through the back garden , not with all those police officers swarming all over it .
there had been a brief view of the house , neatly roped off with blue police tape , and a hint of the activity still going on in the back garden .
there was a gate at the end of the back garden which led out onto the tow path which ran alongside the canal .
she let herself out of the garden gate , and looked up and down the tow path .
the oiling had worked well though , and she glided through the garden and along the path with the minimum of noise .
if you go through there , you ll be in the high street , there s a couple of nice tea rooms , and if you like gardens , you can walk along to neston house and see the gardens there for free .
she pottered along , looking through the gates at the neat gardens .
hilda quite liked gardens , she had worked hard at merrydown crescent in order to make sure her front garden was always in immaculate order .
the back garden had been something of a wilderness , but that had been all the better when she needed somewhere to bury her paying guests .
the single bedroom was made up , ready for its next guest , a pretty room looking out over a garden overshadowed by high hedges .
and that was where he had caught his death before accompanying mr abbott behind the garden shed .
hazel , the cheerful courier , swiftly divided her charges into two groups , those who were going to do the house , and those who wanted to roam around the gardens .
she came across a bench overlooking the rose garden , with the mellow pile of the manor house just beyond , and sat down to enjoy the view .
at one corner of the house stood a lattice arbor covered with a climbing red rose that provided shade for the garden bench beneath .
well have to take a stroll through the garden before we leave .
she followed the circuitous flagstone path that threaded through the garden .
that afternoon we sat outside , in the back garden .
he surveyed the garden .
she had requested that i remain in the rose garden , but i did nt obey her wish on this occasion .
before departing from the garden , mother stopped and turned for a moment .
you should never have left the rose garden , nicholas pavlovich , she replied .
over the garden wall , she could see the mediterranean sea , just a patch of it but enough to fill her with delight .
he gestured at the ruin of the place : the garden a tangle of weeds and garbled , wayward shrubbery , the panes broken out of the french doors .
maggie walked to the end of the sitting room to where two pairs of french doors led out to the garden .
although not the main entrance , the garden portal was the closest to the driveway and so the one most commonly used .
besides , elspeth said she liked the idea of visitors enjoying her garden as they walked to the door .
he was so looming , she had the odd sensation that he blotted out the morning sun at the same time he brought light into the garden .
she hesitated when she reached notre - dame and had to fight the impulse to again take a seat on one of the stone benches in the cathedral gardens facing the seine .
they entered the cool hall - way of the massive house , crossing to a small sun - room ; the latter overlooked a terraced garden tumbling down to a high iron fence at the foot of the property near the river - bank .
as she rounded the corner by the professor 's parked car she slipped quickly down the garden path .
from the back garden came a voice , hello ?
she led them to the cool lounge at the back of the house , where there was a good view of the pretty garden .
the conversation turned to gardens , and room aspects , and they trooped upstairs to take a look at the bedrooms .
well be there , though go and look in your back garden !
she picked her way on tiptoe along the garden stepping stones with elbows bent and arms raised like a schoolgirl running .
but kay , who had been standing with her back to janet , signalled stiffly with her hand while peering out of the window into the back garden .
chapter ten : friday night during the heavy winter snows of 1970 a set of large , cat - like , paw prints were identified and photographed in the snow laying in the back garden of the fraser family .
gareth stood , stretched , and then guided gwen out the rear of the kitchen and into the garden beyond .
she wanted to search the kitchen , garden , and surrounding grounds more thoroughly for belladonna without himbecause whatever her feelings for him , and however much she wanted to be with him , there was no denying that he pressed on her , distracted her even , and it was time for some clear thinking .
once outside , in the narrow space between the kitchen garden wall and stables , the man removed his hand .
chapter 2 - nice set of cans as well ian awoke suddenly to the garden shed door being opened .
it was nt massive but it was a handy storage place for the garden furniture and some of his old stuff he was nt allowed to keep in the house on display .
as stated on the invitations , hand - delivered to a select group of local dignitaries and esteemed ex - pats , the party began with a drinks reception at 7 pm in the ballroom of the mamounia , the exclusive moorish hotel then celebrating 50 years in existence , set in exquisite gardens several hundred years old .
so were taken to the riad across the gardens , and they re just like i remembered , its amazing .
so were cutting across the gardens to our riad and i try one last time we can see the library from here and the lights on and its obviously empty so why not ?
it feels like the clocks going backwards , so i give up waiting and walk slowly through the gardens to the library steps .
she imagined a blissful childhood , of running amongst the gardens , beloved by friends and staff alike , and felt almost jealous .
dawes had given up any pretence of helping but scampered down the garden path ahead of them to open the shed door .
rodrigo , hiding in the garden shed at the sound of shuffling bare feet in the night - or rodrigo , warning his fellow servants to leave , then unbolting the doors , following a silent horde of ruined men in clotted rags up the stairs ... or running up before them , in apparent alarm , summoning the sentries , drawing them outside , where they could be taken .
she kept her eyes on the garden .
many guests were outside now , the party spilling from the crowded ballroom onto the lawn and formal gardens beyond .
there was a healing quality in the house with the big front porch and the rose garden , the known neighbors .
jessie lee and albert had had two children , alice ( who 'd married a james whitley from texas , moved there with him and had two children by him ) and pardon , who had been the owner of the shakespeare garden apartments .
mayfield 's private detective only stumbled upon lucazzone 's secret when he was n't granted a visit entrance to lucazzone 's home , and he stumbled upon henrietta 's diary in the chapel behind the gardens , hidden beneath the kneeling pad facing the altar .
the garden table and chairs were situated just around the corner where the light from the kitchen barely penetrated the darkness .
some hanging lamps around the pool were swinging back and forth , creating a dramatic shadow play in the garden .
your parents are sitting on the garden bench in the background .
frode was sitting at the garden table .
towards evening when the mosquitoes began to swarm they cleared off the garden table and moved to the kitchen to go on with their talk .
he took two cups of coffee and joined her at the garden table .
he went out and wiped off the garden furniture and then sat there with a mug of coffee .
they sat in the garden for an hour , piecing together the details .
when he returned he put on water for coffee , sat in the garden , and read the evening papers without thinking of anything else .
around 7:00 he had dozed off in the garden chair when frode woke him up .
she came up to the garden table and felt the coffeepot , which was empty and cold .
her garden apartment was on morris avenue in union , new jersey .
the gardens were well tended .
you know the one with the white columns and the crazy rose gardens ? ''
hunter moved to the window , gazing out at his rose gardens .
as she finished her sandwich , she strolled past a long corridor of windows and almost missed the sight of mr . buchanan in the gardens .
she 'd been distracted in the gardens since it had been so cold and their conversation had gone badly .
she followed behind him and was surprised to see that the door led to a glass - covered walkway through the gardens .
to the left of hunter 's desk was an entire panel of windows that overlooked the gardens .
a hint of satisfaction was stamped across his proud features as they moved through the gardens .
no one to walk through the gardens with .
from here , the wintry gardens were visible and the evergreen bushes were peeking out from under a blanket of snow .
the roses in the garden had lost their color in the light of the moon , and all looked like different shades of blue .
it looks just the way i remember it - a big grassy lawn and gardens overflowing with flowers .
the white trim needed painting , the gardens tending , yet it was neat and tidy .
pretty flowers fluttered from a light breeze that drifted across the garden fin maintained with such care .
devon walked next to him as they left the gardens and headed toward the lakefront .
i made my way to the conservatory garden .
it was easy for me to escape the world and take in the beauty of the gardens .
i made my way to the conservatory garden and found a spot in the middle of the grass .
i watched her as she entered the conservatory gardens .
i stopped outside the conservatory gardens to formulate a plan .
i parked , grabbed the black umbrella , and walked to the conservatory gardens .
when we arrived at the conservatory garden , people were already gathering and being seated as we walked through the vanderbilt gates .
after the photographer took pictures of us in the different gardens , it was time to head to the reception .
i found an open spot on the grass in the conservatory gardens and i sat myself down , bringing my knees to chest .
` ` blarney castle is known for two things - its remarkable gardens and the blarney stone , '' i read .
the painted timber was peeling , the porch seemed to sag in the middle , and the gardens looked sad and brown .
cream , pink and red roses cascade along hedges , filling the gardens .
the manicured gardens , with perfect hedges and bare flowers , glittered with frost like sparkly lace .
spring gave way to summer , and q 's immaculate gardens rioted with colour .
but watching the birds flying free , and the manicured gardens , i could understand him wanting to keep this as private zone where only he was allowed to enter .
i 'd held teeny while she had a meltdown , and she 'd made me tell her everything that had been going on with me , about all the letters , the garden , the back deck , all of it .
the grounds were unkempt , patches of garden braced by scruffy grass and dirt .
` ` how about his garden shed ? ''
glanced around the quiet gardens .
` ` this is beautiful , '' she whispered , her hair dragging across her face as she leaned further out the window to admire the balcony 's garden .
chapter 6 the old man was sitting in a wheelchair near the high bay window overlooking the gardens , his head resting on a pillow , his veined hands , the color of parchment , were sitting atop a blanket .
we were in front of the des moines botanical gardens , the big glass dome glowing slightly from an inner light .
marble archways and lavish gardens made his home exactly what i had imagined the castle from aladdin to look like in real life .
` ` dean 's downstairs in the garden .
dean sat in the garden on a wrought iron bench , his eyes closed as he looked toward the sun .
there are only a few people sitting in the garden , but that 's how dean and i wanted it .
` ` devon has an interest in seeing the gardens .
the gardens were a garish feature of our home and had been since i was small , but my mother loved them with their winding boxwood geometric designs , so they stayed and were impeccably kept up .
` ` it 's very beautiful here , '' devon chimed in after a quiet turn around the main garden .
we rounded the boxwoods and entered the garden maze .
i could n't help but laugh at the image of a simpler time when spencer and i used to giggle and play in the gardens at my home .
we spent hours walking the trail around the grounds and covering every inch of the scenic gardens inside .
i was n't sure if it was the time of the day , or the day of the week , but the lovely gardens were nearly deserted , only the occasional painter capturing one of the park 's landmarks visible .
the beauty of the well - maintained gardens stood in stark contrast to the skyscrapers of the adjacent shiodome district .
there 's a teahouse set on a tiny island in the center of the gardens .
the teahouse was quaint but i found it incredibly beautiful , the open windows with a view of the gardens like a frame for a perfect picture .
look at the pretty gardens ! ''
he placed it in the crook of his elbow and they strolled into his mother 's famous gardens .
twin columns frame wrought - iron double gates , a brick walkway cuts across the garden , and a sundial stands in the middle .
i leaned across the thick , oak desk that was positioned to look at the garden view out the picture window .
i had n't trimmed anything at the end of summer , so the flagstones and garden patches were covered in dead leaves and detritus .
karen asked , walking backward toward the gardens .
he shook his head , striding off toward the back garden .
it was a portrait of me and clara walking hand in hand in the gardens .
i 'd always pictured myself as a lady of a manor , with horses and gardens and refined dinner parties .
i spun in place , trading the view of the front gardens to glare at my father .
i did n't give myself permission to stomp across the garden .
most of his men were stood out in the garden nursing beers as he cooked food at the barbeque .
the girl was strong , and looking out at the garden lexie saw her reading one of the course books that had been sent by the school .
they were far enough from the garden that she did n't even hear them talking you can do this .
simon was in his arms looking around the garden .
` ` he took me to one of the houses- '' she stopped to point up and down the garden .
turning to the doors overlooking the garden she saw it was open .
they stood together looking out over the garden .
she circled the garden talking with everyone .
he took in several gulps of his beer as he looked around the garden .
the sound of the telephone ringing could be heard even over the buzz of the garden party .
silence fell over the garden as they stared at each other .
her voice rose for everyone to hear in the garden .
tucking her loose hair behind her ear , she made her way out of the back garden and down the road .
not waiting for someone to answer his knock , he grabbed a rock from the garden and smashed it through the window .
she asked as the last rays of sunlight shone on the garden .
the garden was large and open .
she saw a couple of trees in the garden with a swing hanging from one of the branches .
he opened the gate , going down the garden path toward her house .
she walked up her garden path , unlocked her door , then walked straight into her sitting room .
richard took her hand and led her out into the back garden before she had time to know what he was doing .
the end chapter one lily jones glanced down over the gardens , enjoying the view she 'd seen for the past twenty - one years of her life .
wayne did n't go back to studying the gardens but sat in a chair off to her left .
wayne took her hand and led her down the garden path and to the front door .
take her for a spin around the garden .
going behind her , killer walked around the garden , staring down at his woman every now and again .
james took her hand , and together they walked around the back of the house to the main garden , which was alight .
the garden party was hosted by ursula after she and stephen had come back from their honeymoon .
there was nothing they would n't do for the woman who sat alone even during the sociable garden party .
he stood out on the front lawn out of sight from the back garden .
she stared back across the darkened garden as she tried to stem the flow of tears .
he walked over to his window overlooking his gardens .
she grabbed his arm , pulled him out of the house and down to the shed at the bottom of the garden .
his office was bare along with the kitchen , sitting room and the garden .
daniel showed her the bathroom then opened the double doors onto the small veranda overlooking the garden .
sliding the curtain open she gasped at the view of the garden .
when he opened the door leading to the garden she froze .
she glanced around the garden and saw it was virtually empty .
she stood in the dining room and gazed out of the doors to where the garden was highlighted with the many outdoor lights .
he stood overlooking the garden when he heard several girls laughing .
she turned and left the dining room , headed out the french doors and down the steps to the garden .
and again , last night at the dinner , she 'd had her chance out in the garden to say , ` ` you 're not the only one with a past ; ' but she 'd been too wimpy , too afraid of spoiling her fairytale evening to come clean .
she followed him through the garden and into the patio door that lead to the kitchen , wondering if she 'd unwittingly passed another test .
two long double windows peer into the gardens .
we are having breakfast on one of the east wing balconies , overlooking the royal gardens .
the ceiling - to - floor windows proffer a view of the gardens .
angelique gazes out of the window into the gardens below .
i try to pretend i ' m in my garden house .
i drift toward the pool and stand there , looking in the direction of the gardens , of my cottage , where my guns are .
i ' m alone in my room , for the first time since i ran from my garden house toward the fire .
tiny solar lights glimmered throughout the garden and i smiled at the sight of the hedge maze .
lucien watched sophie walk up her garden path , dishevelled and delicious .
` ` then i hate to say it , but i think he 's coming up the garden path . ''
the bedroom that overlooked the front garden was slightly larger than the other , and did nt have the same sweaty socks and dirty body stench .
angus pointed , and i started loping across the gardens and into the grounds around it .
determined not to talk to anyone until next lesson , marina crossed the garden at great speed , passed by the drawing rooms and climbed the ancient stairs that separated the new high school part from the old bosnia .
she only let him go after crossing the garden and reaching the back of the drawing rooms .
does it mean something if i take a seat in the chair closest to the garden or closest to the door ?
mare halted near the garden , turning toward setzer with a probing look .
until then , maria waits for you in the gardens behind the opera house .
once dinner in a secluded wing of the opera house had resolved to lingering sips of each others voice as well as their champagne , they adjourned to the gardens to spend their last minutes amidst its quiet welcome .
then he turned and walked absently through the garden gates toward the falcon , his hands behind his back .
instead of entering , he did as her previously received note had asked and veered toward the gardens .
when he d gone a great distance into the garden , his finger paused their action as his eyes focused on the gazebo to his left .
then the memories began to grow of a performance halted and the star stolen away -- setzers hands dropped to his sides as he strode forward , retracing his steps back through the opera house and the gardens as he returned to the falcon .
it was nt until we d passed through and began to spot the gardens and outbuildings that i realized she was nt letting go .
he helped her up the stairs , into the dining room and kitchen , until they reached the back garden .
large , wide snowflakes were fluttering gently into the garden from up above .
but to franzs surprise , she was nt interested in the house or garden .
caitlin stood up carefully , pulled off her garden gloves , and invited mary inside for tea .
and then anya had slipped through the glass doors into the gardens .
where do the gardens lead to ?
he looked out over the garden , assessing each of the invited wedding guests that took time out to stroll under the sun .
the sun cast its morning glow over the dewy gardens of the azarmonian castle .
the pin stuck directly into alices neck , and all at once she dropped motionless on the gardens path .
her garden w/ full of myrtles , i followed her in her steps .
i do nt want to hurt your feelings , but maybe we could find a place that fits us better like a cabin by a lake where we could be ourselves and be surrounded by natural beauty instead of these formal gardens , mandy suggested .
the rain was still lashing against the windows and she could see the willow at the end of the garden , its long trailing branches blowing towards the house .
i d prefer to see the inside first then look at the gardens , if that s alright ?
i have to admit i have nt had the time to meet many people yet , we ve been busy getting the house and garden straight .
the gardens beautiful .
she opened the door and the puppy bounded out into the garden .
margery was not happy about letting jess run around the garden unsupervised , she was still at the age where digging up the flower beds was de rigueur for her morning exercise and was not averse to jumping in the pond after the goldfish .
she then showed him around the house , his bedroom was very large and over looked the well kept back gardens .
so instead she grabbed his hand and led him out in to the garden and an old wooded bench that was propped up by the garden shed .
by the time that they arrived back at eileens house it was almost dark and john and his two sisters pearl and blanche were standing in the garden in a bewildered state .
she just brushed past them as if nothing had happened , skipping like a young girl around the garden .
he was suddenly brought up with a jolt finding janice and the copper having a cup of tea and looking out of the window , and discussing the garden .
then , she eased free of his grasp and sidled along the enclosed garden wall to the front gate .
emma snagged a banana , peeled it , and took a bite while david continued to scan the front gate and interior courtyard garden of marys house through a narrow gap between the drape and window frame .
never mind that a war raged just beyond the walled garden of the house in which they d found shelter , and never mind that they d both be executed if they were found by the secret police of this godforsaken country .
i was thinking , he says , that we might take advantage of the sun and have a look around the gardens .
she grabbed her coat from the hall closet then let herself out the back door , the one that led out into the garden .
even after all this time , he watched her stroll often through the gardens with tears glittering her eyes and her hands clutched to her heart .
as mark cut the engine , she looked across the front garden to the house next door , corner window on the top floor , and shivered as a blast of emotion , so strong she felt it might sweep her away , took temporary control .
he had found nothing in his journeys to rival the stately mansions , picturesque homes , and colorful gardens .
leading her through the garden gate , he took her in his arms under the sweeping branches of a weeping willow tree , somewhat shocked by her passionate response .
she had hurried back into his waiting arms for one last kiss before darting through the garden and back into the house .
after clearing the table and washing dishes , lynna gathered her gloves and garden tools , kissed her aunts cheek , and strolled to the garden .
after clearing the table and washing dishes , lynna gathered her gloves and garden tools , kissed her aunts cheek , and strolled to the garden .
but the way things had changed in her mind made the garden distasteful , and she had come to avoid it .
ritcherd held his breath as kyrah walked into the garden , unaware of his presence .
it was a significant walk , but she came out of the trees just behind the gardens of buckley manor .
they reminded mary ann of the little cottages and country gardens where she had spent her summers as a child .
he twirled her around again , and then another time , and then they had gone out one of the open doors to the gardens .
he led her back to the lighted path through the gardens in silence .
looking out between the plants shed repotted , she had a clear view of her neighbors back garden .
in the kitchen , tracey took a seat around the wooden table , and charlotte chatted about how much she liked the house and the garden .
it was n't until he had given up on his search , and stepped out of the garden that his gaze had been caught by a glow from a hill near the garden .
it was n't until he had given up on his search , and stepped out of the garden that his gaze had been caught by a glow from a hill near the garden .
but , none of its flowers ever grew as beautiful , tall , and strong - and none could weather a storm - like that rose that grew out beyond the garden .
the room was huge and the whole of the wall facing her was floor - to - ceiling glass , giving a view of the gardens to the rear of the house .
trying not to make any noise , they made their way around the side of the house which led to the large back garden .
they begged for a fresh coat of paint and cushions , but otherwise they were sturdy and it was all rae could do not to sink into a chair and stare out at the majestic mountains and forest that seemed to cradle the house and its wide patches of lawn and arbor and riotous garden .
there were stately french windows and one set opened outward over the deep farm sink to views of the garden .
two elderly guests were touring the garden , companionably arm in arm , sharing a parasol .
the entire family would again travel to the gardens , armands country estate in southampton , a day or so after the ball , and everyone , save armand and herself , had been thrilled to be included in the celebrated holiday gathering .
for her reputations sake , they d abandoned the pleasure gardens before shed fulfilled her dream to dance with him .
the window clicked shut and the little brown monkey scampered across the lawn , shinnied up a downspout and disappeared in through a second floor window of the house across claude 's garden .
she started to look around , their back garden was huge .
she rushed up the garden path and into her mother 's arms .
chapter 26 i was waiting for liam in the dayroom , a room that was kind of neutral ground and looked out over the garden .
the gardens are open to the public during the day , so avoid it if you can , but it is the quickest route to your suites from the executive floor , she tells me .
i am expected in the gardens in fifteen minutes .
a wine glass in his hand , he strolled toward her as she looked out over the gardens toward the volcano .
she flinched as another sheet of lightning illuminated the garden and simon felt her muscles tense as she waited for the thunder to follow .
the wind died in the trees and a half moon dusted the garden with light .
as beccad predicted , the gardens were beautiful on this lovely afternoon .
when shed visited the cottage as a child , it had seemed like something out of a storybook , full of fascinating items and set amidst lucindas almost wild garden .
the broken railing was still propped up by the steps and the garden had gone from charmingly wild to unkempt .
it was after the garden sister died .
clen , were only a couple of blocks from the botanical gardens .
devlins jaw dropped and as she walked down the garden to the washing line , he stared at her bare legs and whistled .
before nathaniel could stop him , devlin flew up the garden and wrapped his arms around madelines waist .
nathaniel turned away and paced the garden , his fury building inside of him .
medusa looked out over the vast labyrinthine gardens .
the gardens sparkled brilliantly and medusa could only marvel at the magnificence .
she had played in these gardens many timesit was one of her favorite placesbut she had never seen it in such splendor .
medusa turned again to look out over the garden , but instead found herself standing in the garden .
medusa and her dance partner hung in the air , far above the twisting gardens of the temple !
finding it , she happily followed its glinting light through the hallways and out to the luminous gardens .
` ` i know you are here , '' he called to the gardens .
poseidon bid her farewell , and though he was confident in their plan , medusa could not shake the ominous feeling permeating the garden air .
she looked to the garden wall ; the voice came from behind the hedges .
the public garden next door covers twenty - four acres and was designed by william g. preston in 1869 .
olivia simply nodded and looked out the window into the back garden .
it leads to the back garden .
sarah remained close to the manor , not daring to stray even to the gardens while sir george was in the vicinity .
finally , unable to bear it any longer , she meandered out to the rose garden for a breath of fresh air after learning sir george was away for the afternoon .
afterwards , they gathered outside in the gardens to visit as mildred chatted about her future plans of relocating .
she nodded , knotting the garden gloves in her hands and feeling equally reluctant to tear herself away from this day , from him .
outside , before the garden , a beautiful trellis dawned over a beautiful couple .
did he remember how shed write naughty short stories about the gardens and leave them in his locker ?
in the distance across the garden , he could see the slight figure of a woman .
half an hour later , she was standing in the garden , listening to the wedding march played by the st . joseph island orchestra .
she leaned back with her hands in the garden dirt , closed her eyes and tipped her head back so the sunshine could warm her face .
the manicured garden was remarkable .
i was really impressed with the gardens , but its just as impressive inside .
cautiously , she looked out into the garden , and saw someone climbing stealthily up the cast iron steps to the veranda , which gave onto the dining room .
to be more precise , a pair of male feet was protruding from behind ze garden shed .
blanche cleared all traces of her morning 's activities from the room and ran silently down the stairs into the garden .
` ` to begin , you had better explain ze contents of ze garden shed . ''
looking sheepish , she clanged slowly up the cast iron steps from the basement area to the garden .
on that wall what was to the left from the entrance , and in frontof it and in front of the entrance , there was a window what looked out on the garden , and there was a light blue curtain on these .
a big window looked out on the garden , and a snow - white , semi - transparent curtain on it .
finally , the hostess called her behind her voice reduced to a thin shrill vocalization , the addressed over the garden to the door of the apartment .
margherita gardens was their meeting place .
they strolled out onto the large deck and gardens surrounding the restaurant .
he would no longer be able to walk with her through the gardens .
a beautiful extra - large renovated weatherboard with a wraparound porch , manicured gardens , private dock and boat house make up this stunning property , and it really is beautiful .
i race down the back to flick off the garden light , heart hammering loud in my ears .
out into the back garden , we were really impressed .
leaves crush under my feet as i make it to the compound gardens border .
the warm glow of the porch lamp lights up the garden path .
* * * * * darkest dawn maya is standing and waiting for me by the russet garden gate when i make my way outside .
and then all five dogs inexplicably took off running in one direction and around the corner of the mansion towards the mansions rear garden .
i envisioned my beautiful mother , donned in pearls and a flowery sundress , sitting out on the porch overlooking the garden at her rickety old house .
the porch was just as i rememberedthe swing , with a few garden chairs and a table for momma to place her iced tea with lemons .
if it were nt already so late i might have been tempted to run an ice cold bath in the enormous garden tub and chill my libido into submission .
would the day hold fair into the evening and allow for walks in the hawthornes garden ?
when she suggested a walk in the garden after their second dance he would have been a fool not to agree .
christiana insisted there was a fountain at the end of the path and so they walked deeper into the garden as the sounds of the party faded behind them .
in complete understanding the three of them turned back to the garden party .
he could see her sitting on a bench at the foot of the steps , where it led into the formal garden .
she looked at him and then at the garden , aglow in the light of a full moon , as haunting and lovely as his memories of her .
she turned from him and faced the wall that surrounded the garden .
the blocks of land alone were acre upon acre of manicured gardens , sometimes with lakes and follies situated for best viewing from the house .
she smiled at the garden through the windows .
there were large multi - paned windows across the back of the room over looking a well - kept garden .
why do nt we keep the flower theme going and head over to the botanical gardens ?
my favorite had to be the background garden .
he set off at a lope and was soon at the garden gate of his girlfriend .
in front of the house was a large patio and well cultivated gardens and at the back , one hundred yards away , stood the stable block , itself a handsome building .
he enjoyed reading these letters , for he loved the manor house and gardens .
he noticed that the gardens were nt as well tended as they used to be and the house he paused to look , for he loved this old building it could do with a coat of paint .
they drove along the road and as they passed the miller cottage he saw mary in the garden and waved .
both had tears in their eyes as they parted at the garden gate the scene of their first kiss .
at first it was round the hospital gardens , here he could sit and look at the mountains rearing their heads into the deep , blue , northern sky .
ill bring you a copy of the in home now yard and garden special .
we sat for a few minutes , admiring mammas garden and the sunny day .
but this time parker did not drive to the gardens or the sheds or to the lawns around the pool or tennis courts .
were not trying to recreate the gardens of versailles or villandry here but i want a nod to design a - la - franaise .
the shrubs stopped abruptly at the western garden wall .
since the garden was , at present , nothing more than rough grass enclosed on three sides by high brick walls with the fourth side bordered by the former gardeners cottage , untended trees and overgrown shrubs that looked as if they had nt seen a pruning shear in fifty years , she did nt really think it qualified , as yet , to be called such ... but it would , most definitely , by the time she was done with it .
the park and gardens are supposed to be quite beautiful .
after a leisurely lunch , they had stayed until nearly five oclock at bois des moutiers , wandering the formal gardens , the park and then , at the invitation of the owners , touring inside the house .
deep in concentration , she was just finishing a quick perspective sketch of the walled garden , looking from the central pergola towards the gardeners cottage when a shadow fell over the paper .
she set her drink on the circular garden table .
speaking of which , the person i ve in mind for the tenancy is going to be building the final section of garden wall .
much like the serpent in eden , he was intent on spreading his particular brand of evil and malice with whatever power he could obtain , sure that once he held sway in the stead of liana and her cohorts that he would be able to move beyond the gardens boundaries to bloom to his full deadly potential .
well - pleased with his efforts , he allowed himself the remainder of the night to sneak around and spy on others as they slept before spending the day happily hidden in his favourite oak tree a huge old behemoth that grew on the western periphery of the gardens borders , close by a field that had once been set aside for travellers .
he knew that he had greater power to the margins of the gardens domain than here in the centre so perhaps he would head on over towards the nursery on the far fringes of the woods where he could do some harm that might stand a chance of remaining beyond the morrow .
it had several large windows and doors giving way to the view of a beautiful garden .
* * * as kira walked happily through the gardens , a skip in her step , she was unaware that a pair of dark eyes were following her .
she stood at the large window facing the gardens , her eyes roving over the dusky landscape .
she leaned against it with a sigh , staring out at the dim gardens illuminated by lanterns .
time seemed to stretch in silence and kira willed herself to stare out into the gardens .
people always commented on our beautiful garden , our neat garage and the wonderful milk puddings that were made from the carageen moss !
` ` you and your new doll are cordially invited to have tea and brunch with uncle theo next friday in the garden room .
she stood up , and found that she was looking out of a double - glazed window and across the garden to the paddock beyond .
some still had their original front garden a handkerchief - sized piece of lawn enclosed by a low brick wall accessed by a wooden gate .
these old victorian terraces often had a narrow alley running past their back gardens .
the garden gate was nt even locked .
ben dragged him across the garden and dumped him on a pile of timber .
yesterday he brought me flowers with a card that said , ` ` the gardens of the world pale at your beauty '' , or some nonsense like that .
after gazing out for a few minutes and straining to see into the neighbours gardens , she decided to make coffee .
it was nothing like the small , homely hotel they had chosen , with its slightly wild gardens and cosy feel .
the gardens at the front were a little unkempt , just like the one at the rear that shed looked out on earlier and , like the house , they were stark and bare ; just lawns and driveway with no colour .
it was a pretty house and the gardens were well tended .
when we got out of the car at the club erins green eyes filled with joy as she looked out across the gardens .
percy led her around to the back garden where a picnic was to have been arranged .
stone house , where she had played when she was a child in their wild gardens , and had looked up at from the sea when they went swimming , where her friend nuala had worked for the lovely sheedy sisters .
by the time she arrived , rigger was busy doing up an old cottage beside the walled garden for himself and carmel hickey .
his face was grim as he remembered how the old lady had welcomed him to her home and been so excited about everything , from the walled garden to stone cottage to the drives around in his van and then the arrival of the twins .
the daffodils were out in all the parks and gardens and everything seemed alive and sparkling .
as they sat one summer 's evening on the garden seat that had been theirs because they had matched twelve garden flowers with the months in which they bloomed , and drank from waterford glass tumblers that had come from the competition to write an ode to crystal , the walls congratulated themselves on their twenty - five years of happy marriage .
most of the small front gardens were well kept , many with window boxes and colourful flower beds .
miss howe 's garden , however , had no decoration .
the little black and white cat followed freda throughout the house and escorted her on her walks through the garden .
destroyed by fire in 1798 , the palace had been restored in 1954 , complete with some of the most breathtaking and exquisite gardens in the south .
though the gardens were between seasons , she 'd nonetheless left the palace wanting to live within walking distance so she could pass its gates each day .
they were invited inside for a quick tour of some ; in others they stood in the foyer or were entertained in the garden with stories about the history of the home .
an elderly woman watched from the back stoop and a lean , much younger man stood sentinel at the garden gate .
dawes had given up any pretence of helping , but scampered down the garden path ahead of them to open the shed door .
from here , he could see across a sunny courtyard with a cloister walk on the far side , and what looked like extensive kitchen gardens to the right .
our house might not have been as famous as the one where dobbs spaight was buried , but it still afforded my father some bragging rights in the halls of congress , and whenever he walked around the garden , i could see him dreaming about the legacy he wanted to leave .
after dinner i invited jamie to walk around the garden , even though it was winter and nothing was in bloom .
simon opened a pair of french doors and they stepped out onto a slate patio with a view over a formal rose garden .
` ` your country does have the most beautiful gardens in the world . ''
she was restrained in a straitjacket , sitting in a chair in the corner staring sightlessly out the tiny window that overlooked the back garden .
the house was a ranch with peeling paint and half - dead flowers in the garden .
butchart gardens was breathtakingly beautiful .
chase and lesley spent their first morning as husband and wife walking hand in hand along the meandering paths , over the footbridges and through the secret corners of the gardens .
` ` we ' ve only seen half of the gardens , '' she protested , but not too strenuously .
pausing for a moment , he looked out at the garden .
he thanked her parents for their company , assured them that he would take exceptionally good care of their daughter and then proceeded to escort isabella down the garden path and out the front gate .
his father had taken an immense interest in his upbringing - had designed the tree house that had been placed in one of the large oaks in the garden himself .
donning a plain white cotton gown , isabella picked a bouquet of daffodils in the garden , then announced to her mother that she would be taking them over to her aunt .
jamie asked just before isabella reached the garden gate .
unlatching the gate , he stepped inside the garden and started up the path that led to the front door .
but when half the town stood whispering behind him as he opened the garden gate at isabella 's cottage and started up the path that would take him to the front door , an overwhelming sense of uneasiness settled upon his shoulders like a cloak .
` ` meet me at the garden gate tonight at eleven ? ''
she then walked brusquely around to the front of the house and down the garden path to where anthony stood waiting .
she asked , knowing full well that the most she was likely to receive from him was a tryst out here in the garden , rake that he was .
she knew he was a rake and not at all the sort of man with whom she should have been strolling alone in the garden , especially not since she suspected that his reasons for seeking her company in the first place had probably been less than honorable .
` ` that neville fellow arrived while you were in the garden , and against my better judgment i granted him entry .
perching herself on the windowsill , rebecca returned her attention to the garden below .
when they 'd walked in the garden at kingsborough hall , there had been a spark in her eyes , but that had significantly dwindled between then and today , as if she 'd now resigned herself to her fate .
the garden that met his gaze was modest but well kept , with a flagstone terrace and a patch of grass surrounded by flowerbeds brimming with daffodils and hyacinths .
if this were a jane austen novel , it would n't be so bad - if you were intercepting my letters , and i was peeking over your garden hedge ... computers make everything worse . ''
an electrical storm had raged during the evening while he 'd been at the dinner , and now his lushly landscaped garden was beautifully moonlit .
damien glanced up from his paperwork and saw gabrielle stroll out onto the patio , then stand looking out beyond the swimming pool , over the manicured lawn and lushly landscaped gardens .
awareness flared in her eyes , and she quickly turned and looked down at the garden instead .
epilogue six weeks later , gabrielle and damien renewed their wedding vows in a moving ceremony in the back garden of her parents ' mansion .
he stood looking out over the estate 's magnificent lawns and gardens deeply shadowed by the setting sun .
it had a grand salon with picture windows and french doors looking out over spectacular gardens and courtyards .
to her shock , she found her father sitting on the lounger in the back garden , smoking a cigar and drinking whiskey .
he urged her backward across the room toward the padded window seat overlooking his cloistered garden .
as she stepped onto the winding garden path a gigantic wave of sadness drowned her .
she blinked frantically as he held the garden gate open for her , determined not to cry any more .
afterward , accompanied by connor 's brother and anne - who 'd come to take care of dylan but ended up acting as a witness - they went to a lovely restaurant set in the rolling , parklike gardens of auckland 's domain .
once we 'd moved outside , we found a large , elaborately decorated marquee erected in the rear garden .
cary had filmed the video at the vidal 's garden party .
i 'd slapped his face at the garden party , lashing out physically when i never did that .
i had n't come out this way ; i 'd walked from the backyard to the front gardens .
the garden was a riot of color .
the room she 'd rented had a spectacular view of the gardens .
then followed as george led her down to the garden path .
cushioned benches like exceptionally long couches lined most of the walls save for an empty nook by a bay window overlooking the gardens and the short wall with its blazing hearth .
climbing vines and roses created a magical effect over trellises , gates , and the garden wall itself .
dayne had spent many hours the past few days watching greta in her cat form running around the garden chasing things .
it was easy to lose track of the possible peepholes when the garden felt so remote from everything else .
` ` the garden is protected ; the front stoop is not .
some of the houses or businesses had hearts and valentine wreaths on doors and windows , but they did n't add a lot of cheer with the bare trees and winter - stripped gardens .
all in a garden green where late i laid me down upon a bank of chamomile where i saw upon a style sitting , a country clown ...
when she 'd sung about a garden green .
she had on a big straw hat to shield her face from the sun and wore her green garden gloves .
elise walked up the steps and rang the doorbell , admiring the garden as she did .
her mother looked over from where she stood in her garden , a hose in one hand , and shrugged .
a crescent - shaped moon was tucked in a corner of the sky as vivian sat in her garden , a wad of tissue in her hand .
there was comfort in her garden , in its beautiful colors , its scents ... . tears welled in her eyes and she rested her head against the back of the garden chair and swallowed a wail of grief .
` ` the garden is lovely . ''
maybe they could take a stroll around altamira 's beautifully tended gardens .
she closed her eyes and the scene in the moonlit garden played back in her mind as if it had happened only hours ago instead of years .
after opening the front and back doors to create a breeze , she sat down in a garden chair and closed her eyes , trying to think everything through carefully .
she 'd loved the idea of the walled garden , hidden from the world , and had instantly identified with the story 's orphaned young her**ne .
` ` i had n't heard of susannah 's garden until i signed up for the knit to quit class , '' hutch said .
grace stood , removing her garden gloves before she walked over to the gate to greet him .
he stood at the edge of her garden .
because the sun was still shining brightly and the garden smelled of lilacs , maryellen had moved awkwardly outside to sit on the deck .
` ` the thing is , i ' ve been led down the garden path with david before , '' ben continued .
he did n't notice how many minutes passed before she came back , and when she did , the issue of home and garden slipped from his fingers and fell to the carpet .
i followed it downstairs and into the gardens . ''
there was a carriage drawn up before the steps , and gravel paths spread out through a network of gardens .
as henry drew their carriage to a stop , tessa stepped out of the carriage , helped by jem , and heard the sound of water : a stream , she suspected , diverted to run through the gardens .
` ` the gardens run all round the house , down to the river , '' he said .
will paused at the corner of the house , scanning the gardens with his gaze , alert for any unusual sight or sound .
they were moving away from the house , toward the formal gardens half - hidden behind their high hedges .
for a moment the garden , the noise , the stench of blood and demon , vanished away , and he was alone in a soundless place with only tessa .
she 'll be killed , '' will said , sweeping his gaze over the garden .
of course , the creature was out in the gardens , but nevertheless - it was benedict 's house .
she could see out across the gardens , but not , frustratingly , the italian garden ; they were on the wrong side of the house for that .
she could see out across the gardens , but not , frustratingly , the italian garden ; they were on the wrong side of the house for that .
i missed the rich green hills sweeping up from the manor , and the heather all purple in the summer , and mam singing in the garden .
she was led around the side of the house , down a narrow garden path .
the gardens extended for a good distance out around the house , silvery- green in the moonlight .
she realized distantly that will had swung them through a pair of french doors and they were out on a smal stone balcony , one of many overlooking the gardens .
he had it by the back of its waistcoat , but it tore free and dashed away , streaking across the gardens , will in hot pursuit .
he snapped his fingers , and flame burst up from his palm , bathing the garden in a stark glow .
the garden was filled with flowers in colors i 'd never imagined .
the garden was empty except for me .
while cullen and his friend tralin had disappeared down to the stables to look at a new horse , lady comyn had shown evelinde her gardens .
even last week , when she 'd looked into her own future , she 'd seen them on the porch together , white - haired and smiling , sitting on the wrought - iron garden bench , watching their great - grandchildren play .
thin clouds scudded across the breezy sky ; they created a shifting pattern of light on the garden .
then she turned away and went to stand by the glass looking out to the garden .
the view of the gardens below soothed her as she waited for the knock on the door telling her it was time .
walking over , i peered out into the garden , and immediately broke out in a smile at the sight of tate , drenched and standing in the downpour with her head tilted up to the sky .
they appeared in the high branches of faraway trees , came ambling out from around the raised garden beds and the termite - eaten old swing set luce had used as a kid .
lucinda released the rose , which snapped back into the garden , losing its blossom on the thorns as it crossed .
it haunted lucinda , that tiniest tease of a view - luce sensed this through the soul they shared - because on the evening of the day lucinda first met daniel in the rose garden , she 'd come home and coincidentally seen him peering pensively out of the tallest tower casement .
` ` the gardens . ''
in this late autumn , the whole garden seemed to glow golden .
chapter 11 maren sat across from steele at the tiny garden table that overlooked her small backyard .
there were flowers and greenery , wisps of sea grass and elegantly trimmed boxwood , and in the very center of the garden stood what looked like a sultan 's tent .
she found her shoes and slowly walked across the garden , retrieving her purse before entering the back door .
when she finally came downstairs , rebecca was cleaning up the kitchen and gabriel was in the garden .
now if you will excuse me , my lord , i shall make my egress through the garden , before anything else untoward occurs . ''
running into the garden , she disappeared around a corner of yew hedges .
elizabeth stood by the arched window that overlooked the side garden .
his hand at her elbow , marcus escorted her through the rear garden and out a side gate that led to the stables beyond .
until she dissolved in pleasure , falling from grace with a cry of surrender , knowing even as she did so that the climb back up grew longer by the moment ... chapter 9 elizabeth entered the main house through the study 's garden doors .
as william moved away , margaret gestured toward the garden and they set off at a sedate stroll .
marcus glanced at william as they descended the garden steps , drinks in hand .
` ` elizabeth , '' he whispered starkly , his well - trained senses telling him the danger that stalked her was right there in the garden .
i watched several men approach from the rear garden and fan around the manse . ''
the home was simple and the gardens untended , but the property held on to an artless charm .
christopher settled farther into the window bench , resting his forearm atop his bent knee as he looked out at his rear garden below .
with his mask dangling from one hand and her hand captured in the other , he turned abruptly and led her down the nearby flight of stairs to the garden .
turning abruptly on her heel , she again walked outside and down the steps into the rear garden .
when he stepped out of the small circle and again gestured toward the main part of the rear garden , she shook her head in denial .
dazed by his sudden departure , amelia turned her head slowly toward the garden .
behind him was a large window that overlooked the rear garden , or what would have been a rear garden if they 'd had one .
tucking amelia 's hand around his arm , he led her away toward the stairs , which would take them to the lower floor and the rear garden .
` ` mitchell stayed , '' he said to amelia , as they strolled through the rear garden .
once they had exited to the garden , simon drew her closer , breathing deeply of the scents of rain - cleansed air and the seductive scent of lynette 's perfume .
chapter three the night was warm , the air filled with the scent of honeysuckle , as the sisters walked down their garden path to the carriage that awaited them .
as the music faded , he grasped her hand in his and pulled her along with him , away from the crowded ballroom , through french doors that had been flung open and outside onto a terrace overlooking the garden .
` ` thank you once again for hosting us , '' she said as she looked out over the garden .
he strolled over to the window and looked out over the garden .
` ` we have lady cunningham 's garden party to attend to tomorrow . ''
by the time they arrived at the entrance to vauxhall gardens , it was just past seven o'clock .
in astonishment she watched the gardens flood with light as hundreds of globe lanterns came ablaze .
` ` he put his arms around me , pulled me close , and kissed me , right there in the middle of the gardens . ''
` ` no , not yet , but francis took me to see vauxhall gardens yesterday and i must say , it was unlike anything i ' ve ever experienced before in my life .
first at lady cunningham 's garden party the other day , and then again yesterday when i was out to tea with some friends of mine . ''
` ` she was at lady cunningham 's garden party .
i knew then that i wanted to spend the rest of my life strolling through vauxhall gardens with you by my side .
a set of twelve doors led to other rooms , as well as to a terrace overlooking the garden , and above these doors was a balcony that framed the entire ballroom .
you 'll also recognize lady cunningham - you 'll recall that you attended her garden party a couple of weeks ago .
saying something - she was n't quite sure what - she moved away , made her way past the barbecue , where everyone seemed to be laughing , and came to the captain 's rose garden .
there will be no going down dark hallways , no looking at the gardens or the stars .
if only for the reason that she dreamed of such passion since she was a little girl - not that she would do anything to cause her parents embarrassment , but what would it be like to be escorted to the gardens at night , or to be caught in a stolen embrace in a dark hallway ?
he wanted to seduce her in the gardens and ruin her reputation for good .
she excused herself from the duke politely , and made a swift exit for some fresh air , relieved when nobody seemed to notice her take her leave into the gardens .
` ` i ' m glad she 's enjoying herself in the gardens with available gentlemen , but it 's none of my concern . ''
nicholas needed to keep a closer watch on this girl , if he desired for her to last more than a week without being led out into vauxhill gardens by the first rake who took a liking to her charms .
cards , giggling women , garden parties , and tea .
` ` shall we take a walk in the gardens ? ''
he pulled her away from the crowds toward the gardens outside .
chapter 17 artemisia found her father in the wind - blown garden , humbly sweeping the first of the autumn leaves from the stone path as if he were merely a gardener instead of a duchess 's sire .
for now , the garden was still a riot of blooms .
since the area was on the downhill side of the house and had plenty of windows overlooking the back garden , the empty space would be wasted as a storage room .
renee would n't put it past her assistant to bring the girls and their camping gear here and insist on putting up the tent in the cottage 's back garden .
henry was off at once , hurrying away , out and through the gardens todisappear into the trees .
as she eyed itfrom where she stood , a plan formed in her head.she hurried down the steps andintothe garden .
squinting , he peeredout over the shadowed gardens , his gaze stopping upon adark shapedirectlyin frontofwhat appeared to be a rather large fountain .
why would any woman submerge her head in beecham 's garden fountain ?
` ` nay , i just ... '' he paused , having no good explanationfor his presence in the gardens .
` ` but a stonewall surrounds the townhouse gardens , and one side of it facesonto a street .
daniel hadmaneuvered beecham around so thathis back was to the garden .
moving to the steps , he walked down them , then paused to glance aroundbefore setting off towhere he had first noticed the man , attheedge of the gardens .
finding almost at once a rough sortof sidepath that had been trounced into the trees and bushes on theedge of the garden , he did not hesitate , but began to follow it .
he started quicklybackthroughthem , stepping out into the garden to see his mother standing on the balcony , glaring impatiently out intothe darkness .
the house was n't in very good nick , but it stood in the midst of an amazing and slightly wild garden .
` ` your garden is quite lovely , '' he remarked in a bald - faced attempt to get on her good side .
she studied the garden for a long moment .
to me , he was more gorgeous than any of the garden 's other wonders .
he looked around the garden again .
the summer palace and gardens are within walking distance . ''
i will accompany you to see the major sites of interest , but you can explore the gardens through the aman 's private entrance and even rent a small boat if you 'd like . ''
the garden was a visual feast of flowers , statues , and old world architecture .
lil slipped out a side door and onto a balcony that overlooked one of the main gardens .
the christening party was being held in the garden at argus house , though , and his escape was prevented by the fishpond behind him .
on the morning of october 13 , he stood in the back garden of his brother 's house , moodily flipping bits of bread into the fishpond , and trying to feel grateful that he was not standing before a court - martial .
the place was still , save the cawing of rooks in the bare - limbed trees in the garden .
he stood up and went to the window of the library that looked out into the back garden of argus house , ignoring the swish of turning pages and the occasional blasphemous mutterings behind him .
the garden was quiet now ; the sky had clouded over and the boys had gone in for their tea - he could hear them rumpusing in the nursery overhead .
a flash of white showed at the door of the conservatory , on the far side of the garden .
a spatter of rain on the window and shrieks from below made him look ; a sudden shower had floated over the garden , and the nursemaid was dashing for the house , dottie crowing in delight at the raindrops and waving her arms .
coming up to the house for his tea - much needed , he having had neither breakfast nor elevenses - he saw the lass loitering about the gate to the kitchen garden .
on the fourth passage , though , he glimpsed the wind - tossed feathers of her hat through a screen of thinly leaved bushes in the back garden .
from here , he had a clear view of the back garden , neat behind a black iron fence - and a very clear view of lady isobel , locked in passionate embrace with a gentleman .
he was carrying a huge basket of rotted manure up to the kitchen garden next morning when morgan , one of the footmen , appeared from behind a wall and hailed him .
he turned toward the hall that led toward the back of the house and the garden .
there was a space about two feet wide between the back wall of the shed and the garden wall .
discarded bits of rubbish , broken rakes and hoes , burlap bags of manure filled most of the space - but just within the shelter of the shed , just out of sight of the garden , was an upturned bucket .
there were sounds in the garden , people moving to and fro , the door to the house slamming , a distant treble of children 's voices .
a good - sized lawn spread out before the house , a gardener pushing a heavy roller over it with no perceptible enthusiasm , and the gardens themselves had a dull , prosperous gleam to their leaves , wet with the drizzling rain .
he half - ran , half - hobbled straight through the formal garden , trampling roses and flower beds .
he galloped through the kitchen garden , leaping a basket of turnip greens set dead in the middle of the walk , and dodging the openmouthed cook who 'd set it there .
he stole quietly out through the wood , turned right , and circled round the house , coming out of the gardens near the drive , just in time to see lord john being taken away .
the last time he had been here , it was for a garden party to which his mother had required him to escort her .
he passed through and walked toward the open ground on the far side of the garden , his heels ringing on the wet flagstones .
the man said something ; he waved a hand in vague dismissal and walked into the library - thank god hal 's not here ; i have to tell him , but , god , not now ! -and out through the french doors , across the garden .
and so in the quiet part of the afternoon , an hour before tea , he came to the kitchen garden and found betty waiting .
she let go his hand and , turning , walked blindly for a few steps , put out her hand , and held tight to one of the espaliered pear trees that stood against the garden wall , spindly and vulnerable without its leaves .
turning quickly , julienne left him in the garden .
and not just any house either , but one with a pool , manicured gardens including an arbor , and a circular driveway with freshly paved asphalt .
` ` i placed him in the pavilion in the back garden for the night . ''
one of the servants might decide to take a turn around the gardens and stumble upon him before the day is out . ''
richard glanced toward the french doors , spotting the two at the back of the garden , their heads together .
maria always loved the gardens there . ''
open and airy , with a view of the lagoon - type pool and lush gardens , the wrought - iron furniture added to the old - world appeal of mama conte 's villa .
ice blue silk pillows matched the ridiculously expensive thread count of the pulled - back sheets , and the glass doors opened to a private balcony that overlooked the gardens .
when the blonde in the garden approached him , he did n't hesitate .
the large windows looked out over the formal gardens and the sound of buzzing bees and streaming water floated through the open screens .
mini water fountains lined the path toward the gardens , and the sound of water trickling soothed her nerves .
she stopped in the corner of hotel reynard 's garden .
and the gardens , of course .
she would have seen his gardens by moonlight if she 'd come home with him after dinner .
he scanned the dimly lit terrace and found her in the shadows by the railing overlooking the garden below .
if you want to discuss shower and brunch arrangements , then i 'll make time to meet you in the cafe by the gardens later this afternoon .
they came to a stop with a final slow turn before one of the tall palladian windows that overlooked the ice - spangled garden .
angry , and uncertain how to cope with her anger , shana paced across the kitchen floor to the window and stood there , staring out at the garden .
the car pulled up in front of the low stone wall that outlined her front garden .
jude stared through the open door at her mother 's slim figure , walking fast through the garden , not bothering to look at any of it .
the garden was an absolute mess , but only someone who 'd seen it before would know that .
then the garden caught her eye .
she stood at the wobbly white picket fence that framed the garden , and izzy was beside her .
since his ` ` conversation in the garden '' with grace , david bloomfield 's will to live was stronger than ever .
he glanced uneasily over his shoulder ; there were slaves in the kitchen garden , their voices audible .
the sound of cheerful voices came from the kitchen garden , several horses grazed contentedly in the paddock nearby , and far away down the distant silver river , a small boat came down , a four - oared piretta , its oars stroking the surface , brisk and graceful as a water strider .
startled , i looked up , to see him bounding toward ian , who 'd come soft - footed into the garden .
ian snapped his fingers at the dog , who leapt gracefully over the row of bee gums and basket hives that sat at the far end of the garden , trotted up to his master , dropped the ball at his feet , and stood genially panting , yellow wolf - eyes fixed with apparent interest on me .
a stroll among the parterres and fountains of the palace gardens did a good bit to restore my equanimity .
the ladies and gentlemen of the court were performing similar activities on the paths that led through the sculpture gardens .
suddenly the nearby door onto the terrace burst open , spilling the king 's guests out into the garden in a tide of chatter .
the exodus from luncheon had been augmented by a new deputation , apparently just decanted from the two large coaches i could see driving past the edge of the garden toward distant stables .
the rohans ' house - if you could use a mere word like ` ` house '' in description of such a place - was alight with lanterns strung through the back garden and edging the terrace .
i was no expert , but was perforce learning a small bit about the strategy and tactics of swordfighting ; jamie and murtagh took each other on every two or three days to keep in practice , clashing and parrying and lunging up and down the garden , to the untrammeled delight of the servants , male and female alike , who all surged out onto the balconies to watch .
another hall extended at right angles to the one i stood in , lined on one side with doors , on the other with long windows that opened on the drive and the garden .
at last , i stirred myself to go out to him , making my way heavily downstairs and down the garden path .
near the garden door , though , she was waylaid by the cook , with a list of questions and complaints about the menu for dinner .
some of its shabbiness was hidden by the darkness , and the lights glowing from windows into the tiny front gardens gave the street an air of coziness that it lacked during the day .
i left the room , walking quietly down the hallway in my bare feet , down the stair , through the breezeway to the main house , and in through the side entrance from the garden .
unable to sit , i went again to the window , gazing out unseeingly at the dark garden .
without speaking , he held out a hand to me ; i rose beside him and we turned back into the orchard path , circling the formal gardens .
there was mountgerald in the distance , the big house looking precisely as he had always known it , save that the great copper beeches that would in future surround the house had not yet been planted ; instead , a row of spindly italian cypresses leaned dismally against the garden wall , looking homesick for their sunny birthplace .
louis of france kept a fine menagerie at versailles , and on good days the keepers would exercise certain of the animals , leading them through the spreading gardens , to the edification of startled passersby .
she leaned against the window frame , looking out on the patchy snow that lay on the kitchen garden .
she thought it unlikely , but still resisted the direction of his urging , and turned back into the square - laid paths of the kitchen garden instead .
` ` but i thought he 'd never- '' a flash of yellow apron interrupted her ; one of the kitchen maids was in the adjoining garden .
as they came back through the gardens he spoke abruptly .
just beyond the balustrade he could see the two figures at the bottom of the garden , heads close together .
we were in the outer reaches of the kitchen gardens by now , and i could see his face in the faint light .
first you dry it , and then- '' i was interrupted by a terrific noise of barking and shouting , coming from outside the garden wall .
the priest did not respond , but hunched his round shoulders and hitched his way up the garden stair a step at a time , like a penguin hopping up an ice floe .
out in the rose garden they went , in the evening , and everyone waiting to see would she tak ' him or no .
and it seemed as that must be the way of it , for they found the rose garden empty .
` ` at noonday on a tuesday , two weeks past , i met this woman in the gardens of castle leoch .
she sat on the garden wall , a red - leaved vine behind her .
not content to sit idle , though , within a day or two she had ventured as far as the kitchen , and then the back garden .
he raised his head and saw her coming down the path from the garden , her apron bulging with carrots and turnips .
it was a clear , bright march day now , though , and house , terrace , lawn , and garden were thronged with wedding guests , glowing in their finery like an unseasonable flight of butterflies .
jamie turned toward the kitchen gardens , which were safely enclosed in sheltering brick walls .
she tucked shoe and cup under her cloak to hide them , then ducked quickly out onto the narrow walk that led past the kitchen garden , branching to cookhouse and necessary .
there were shouts from the kitchen garden , voices calling in alarm ; i had to get out .
there were a pair of agitated servants in the kitchen garden , apparently wakened by the disturbance .
she ran through the garden , screaming ` ` mama ! ''
the kitchen garden seemed full of people by now ; jostling pale shapes of guests and servants , indistinguishable as ghosts in their shifts .
the roof gave way with a deep sighing noise , and sparks plumed high , showering down among the crowd in the garden .
` ` the shed by the kitchen garden seems to have burned down ; her mother 's body ... '' jocasta 's face went quite blank for a moment .
so then- '' ` ` so then i told them at last that the gold was buried under the floor of the shed outside the kitchen garden . ''
that had been written on the edge of the old copper sundial in the garden of the manse in inverness where he had grown up .
` ` did you or did you not kiss janet in the gardens last night ? ''
she gained the first stair leading up from the garden and he held his hand out to her .
there had been others with him , but they had n't entered the gardens with her .
with one brow arched in a silent show of curiosity , he offered his arm and led her to the garden .
seventeen austin is a whirl a group of deer leap across the greenbelt area behind the sprawling gardens of the austin rental home .
he opens the terrace doors that lead across the garden and to the barn , and i follow , shielding my eyes from the glare of the sun with my hand .
the rest of the garden was in deep velvet shadow where the soft chirring of cicadas mingled with the sound of music drifting from the ballroom .
there was no sign of the malicious man i 'd witnessed on a secret video cary had captured during a garden party at the vidal residence .
` ` perhaps in a few weeks we 'll be able to sit on the porch and look out over the rose garden and gazebo . ''
darkness had fallen , and the solar night - lights illuminated the garden .
expansive glass in the living room overlooked stunning gardens .
` ` cassie , how lovely to see you , '' he said , sitting on the bench in the nursing home garden as she walked toward him .
robidoux had been brazenly forward with her since arriving in london a month ago , suggesting strolls through the gardens or drives in the park , all of which she refused .
` ` perhaps you 'd care to take a stroll in the gardens with me when the set is over ? ''
without a word , lucien strode through the open french doors and out to the garden beyond .
unlike so many estates where the gardens and woodlands were invaded by obelisks , reproductions of grecian statues and temples , and the occasional pagoda , the pennington estate displayed a welcome appreciation of the natural landscape .
he maneuvered through the yew - lined garden paths with such a brisk , determined stride .
the rich , deep sound carried over the garden .
` ` alistair ... '' ` ` the night in the garden . ''
she had retreated to the bay window where once she had watched webb and jessie sit in the garden swing , while behind her the rest of the family had discussed what to do with her .
they exited out the front entrance instead of through the garden center , and he stopped by a bench near the main doors to cram most of the clothes in one carry - on and the rest of the items in the other .
her heart was pounding as she strode back around the lawn and garden section .
they had lunch on the back porch , overlooking the garden .
taylor led them across the porch to the rear steps , motioning to the garden on either side of the door .
the hand - carved trellis led to the garden , and because allie was an artist , both had appeared in a number of her paintings - paintings that for some reason always seemed to convey a hint of sadness despite their beauty .
as with his work on the house , noah put great effort into making both the garden and the trellis unique ; i often reach out to trace the carvings or simply stare at the roses , hoping perhaps to absorb the talents that have always eluded me .
but it was the rose garden , even from a distance , that caught my gaze .
he studied the rose garden for a long moment before nodding .
a painting by allie - a flowering pond and garden scene reminiscent of monet - hung on the wall above his rocking chair .
i recalled the melancholy i sometimes felt when staring at allie 's paintings of the garden .
beyond the trellis , the former wildness of the rose garden gave way to vivid color .
the white chairs had been placed in curved rows like an orchestra , mirroring the curve of the garden just beyond .
her gaze drifted to the garden .
i drew her out of the garden and down a gravel path , toward the house .
they spent an hour touring the garden and the house with their mouths agape , and as i stood near the stairs in the living room , jane moved close and stood next to me , beaming .
we wandered silently through the tent and rose garden , then into the house .
later , we strolled the grounds of the oswald plantation , a beautifully restored antebellum home that boasted some of the finest gardens in the state .
it was twilight now ; a purple haze fell across the garden , still impeccably tended .
virginia asked as if they 'd merely taken a turn about the garden rather than cover every inch of mayfair on foot .
chapter two mary stood at the edge of the wide marble terrace behind richmond house , looking out over the garden and enjoying the feel of the cool night air as it wafted against her skin .
perhaps i ought to jump the garden wall and make a run for it , she thought wistfully , eyeing the eight - foot - high , ivy - clad barrier .
` ` over the garden wall , '' he said , his voice was quite serious .
setting down her tray , she ran across to it and looked out , just in time to see a dark shadow disappearing over the garden wall .
` ` i thought you might like to have a room with a view of the gardens , so i have put you on the north side , if that is all right with you . ''
mary stared up at the glass dome covering the room as she took ryan 's hand and followed him along a tiled walkway toward a small seating area that looked out over the gardens .
` ` all right then , '' william said with renewed enthusiasm as he eyed the garden wall .
` ` you were planning to go for a walk in the garden , dressed in nothing but your dressing gown ?
after breakfast the ladies decided to take a stroll in the gardens .
not until they had passed out of sight of the others and were safely hidden away by the hedges that separated the lawn from the rose garden did william slow his pace .
chapter thirteen the following afternoon , while the other young ladies went to town with lady lindhurst , lucy decided to go for a walk in the gardens .
passing the rose garden , she followed the path leading down toward the lake .
however , i am able to tell you that lady hyacinth did suggest that she would very much enjoy a stroll about the garden with you . ''
wrapped in her cream - colored , silk dressing gown , lucy stared out of her bedroom window at the garden below , berating herself for allowing fear to take control .
he was n't wearing a hat , and his hair , which had probably been neatly arranged by his valet that morning , had become tousled in the meantime - a look lucy remembered from when she had kissed him a couple of days earlier in the garden .
by the time she made her way downstairs for breakfast , the clouds had ruptured , giving way to a steady downpour that , while being good for the garden , meant that the scavenger hunt she had planned would have to be limited to the house alone .
the very one who had made her laugh as a child as he 'd raced around the garden with her on his back ?
the room was almost completely glassed in and the view of his garden was magnificent .
he was staring into the gardens , a glass of wine held idly in his hand .
` ` no , '' balan agreed , steering the man away from the stables and toward the gardens .
osgoode said as they reached the safety of the gardens .
` ` murie was hoping for a walk in the gardens , and i was happy to join her , but we can not find reginald to accompany us . ''
' your wife was just informing us that she was hoping for a walk in the gardens with lady murie , but she could not find you , '' balan announced , hoping to ease any tension .
she tried thinking of something to say herself , but had spent the past several years trying to avoid conversation with everyone but emilie , leaving the queen 's solar and roaming the garden and castle on her own .
she found herself oddly restless instead and hoped a walk around the gardens would wear her out .
the garden was one of those places where amorous couples sought out privacy .
she 'd made it perhaps halfway back through the gardens when malculinus suddenly stepped into her path .
i simply did not wish to be alone with malculinus in the garden and made that up as a way to escape him without being rude . ''
` ` now , if you 'll excuse me , i must tend juliana 's hair and then tour the kitchens and gardens . ''
once she 'd inspected , she moved on to the gardens outside .
with a revealingly loud sniff , she turned on her heel and walked quickly out of the garden .
without another word she turned and walked out of the garden .
she came to a surprised halt as she rounded a bend in the path ; a small table , flickering with candlelight and set for two , had been brought out into the private little garden .
the house was comfortably furnished , with scattered sofas arranged around an inglenook fireplace and a pair of french windows leading out to a terraced garden .
she had thought it a most romantic idea and had wasted several momentsraidingher garden of thefinest buds .
baker'sgoods shall lessen theburdenon the cook while she settlesin andarranges things , and certainly theherb garden is not up to scratch .
i had gone out to check the gardens , but came back when you told diamanda youwere tolookfor the servants above stairs .
isabel pushed up the sash and looked down at her rear garden .
moving to the window , isabel moved aside the sheers , and stared out at the small side garden .
they found a winding garden path and strolled .
` ` you ... '' chapter 14 there were a thousand excuses for why rhys was standing in the hammond garden late in the evening .
it was only the sound of approaching laughter that saved her from ruination on a garden bench .
they were on the back veranda , overlooking the garden .
she opened the sliding glass door that led into the back garden and stepped into the night air .
she tucked out of their garden nook and sliced a path straight into the country club .
his eyes roved over the familiar little garden and wrought - iron table he 'd seen for the first time when he 'd driven down with kevin two years ago .
she swept a hand around her , gesturing to the historic home and gardens .
his mother 's garden had always been a source of pride to her .
he supposed , in some way , that made her magazine - cover gardens his , in a very limited sense .
that cal 's a grown man with this very nice home of his own , with its beautiful gardens .
she sat at one of the tables on cal 's deck , facing his back gardens , and the green woods that stood along their edges .
the gardens , the woods , the air . ''
gritting her teeth , she marched to the garden shed ahead of him , wrenched open the door .
your gardens are beautiful , cal . ''
` ` just before blue mountain lane , in front of a two - story redbrick house , white shutters , front garden .
i walk past the back gardens and over the shady lane leading down to what looks to be a set of barns .
he asks this as he saunters into the gardens .
we walk through the gardens and i ca n't help but notice that he has n't let go of my hand .
we leave everyone else in the great room as we head out the back doors into the fragrant gardens .
she 'd spent most of her time in tara 's wicker rocking chair in front of the bay window overlooking the back garden .
the formal gardens between her window and the opposite side of the u - shaped house looked elaborate enough for a government monument or a movie set , and whoever had designed them had been fond of rulers .
turning his back on the woman and child racing through the gardens , he bent to load the dishwasher .
he scanned the garden and spotted a splash of peach and carly 's bare legs sprawled on the lawn between the fountain and the koi pond .
` ` if you do nothing else , you need to see the gardens . ''
his cologne combined with his natural muskiness caused by their hour - long stroll through the gardens on this hot august day filled her nostrils .
the girl who , twenty - four years ago to the day , stepped into my life with her big brown eyes , her hair in pigtails , sucking on a lollipop as she stared across at me through the garden fence and said , ' i ' m trudy , you want a lollipop ? ' ''
he opened the french doors that led to the balcony and overlooked the garden where he and his brothers had played as children , their mother watching over them with her gentle smile .
her eyes widened as she took in the garden .
` ` this is so beautiful , '' piper said , looking over the gardens .
for now she would look over the palace gardens and soak in the moment .
the sun had set , and silvery moonlight illuminated the gorgeous gardens .
from the james family 's penthouse suite , the views of dallas were beyond spectacular , but all she could think about was how peaceful the gardens had been in bezakistan .
alea drifted to the window , staring at the gardens .
the early evening air filled the vestibule , and he could smell the scent of jasmine from the gardens where he 'd wanted to take alea and propose when the time was right .
it was traditional for the royal family to become engaged in view of the gardens .
mama came up beside her , stood at her side , looking down at the bare rose garden .
looking past her , i saw dimitri move out into the garden , eyes searching for something - or someone .
it might have its beautiful old walls and gardens , but inside , modern things were creeping in .
i also know how to quilt , garden , put up preserves and chop the head off a chicken .
lucan merely laughed and sauntered to the door leading out into the gardens .
i trailed him around the castle to the gardens behind .
slowly she panned toward the back of the house , with its formal gardens , neatly trimmed hedges , and a large collection of marble statuary .
roarke made sure the woman was gone before he loped back through the formal gardens and headed for the tunnel entrance into the mansion .
the formal gardens in the back of the mansion were meticulously groomed , with hedges in geometrical patterns and marble statues dotting the well - tended flowerbeds .
sculpted bushes and a single birdbath were covered in snow , giving the garden a strange , otherworldly look .
tiny white christmas lights entwined the wrought - iron fence , made the garden look like a magical box in the middle of all that night .
she was standing in her parents ' bedroom , beside the big window that overlooked the winter garden and the orchard beyond .
she was just about to go upstairs when she caught a glimpse of a dark shape in the winter garden .
alone in the winter garden , humming with excitement , she 'd pulled out all the ivy that grew over everything and dragged away the old verdigris copper column that gave the garden a jumbled , messy look .
when the winter garden looked as it had , she dropped to her knees in front of the column and stayed there all afternoon , with her head bowed as if in prayer .
i am almost to the garden when he appears .
mrs . fullsome 's garden looked full of color , despite the fact that december had begun .
i went away to college and the house had industrial green , flat carpet and came home to a better homes and gardens spread .
without asking what was wrong , she hung on as the cart rumbled past picturesque villas , each tucked into their own tropical gardens .
he recalled the conversation he 'd had with john at their garden party the other month .
sipping his beer , kent looked out toward the garden .
but she looked forward to landscaping the garden in more detail over time .
brittany collapsed to sit on the edge of the garden tub , blinking back tears .
her feet slowed on the walkway between the simple hedges , nowhere near as elaborate as the gardens of her old home with nolan , but well maintained .
she trailed her fingers along the waist - high wall between her and those magnificent gardens with an angel fountain glistening in the late - afternoon sun .
the apartment was nearly identical to her own , painted a creamy shade of pale yellow , with ivory lace curtains covering both of the floor - to - ceiling windows that looked out on the garden behind the house .
and they had giggled like kids as they 'd tried to maintain their silence through the garden , had been forced to stop more than once so that they could enjoy another fierce , all too brief , embrace .
violet had just enough time to look outside and see that it was as beautifully landscaped as the wallpaper gardens were , lit by torchieres and candles , since some of the partygoers had spilled out there to chat and smoke .
she looked up at the garden as she emerged from the cab and chanted scarlet 's advice from earlier .
as she walked into the garden , summer looked down at her ringless hand .
from the curb , eva looked up at the house 's impressive queen anne facade , which was partially shielded from the street by a high fence and well - manicured front garden .
downlands was smaller and less impressive than halstead hall , but it boasted light and airy rooms , courtesy of an elizabethan frame that had been added , and lovely gardens .
they were sitting at lunch in a room with french doors that offered a panoramic view of the gardens of halstead hall .
her reaction was both wonderful and a cause for concern ... pia walked beside hawk in his impressive landscaped gardens .
` ` the gardens were created in the late eighteenth century , '' hawk said , calling her back from her thoughts .
` ` d - do n't tell me , '' pia said , her voice slightly breathless , ` ` that romantic assignations in the gardens are de rigueur . ''
pia let tamara guide her through the palatial house , sawyer 's ancestral family seat , until they reached a large room with french doors overlooking the back lawn and gardens .
` ` the stables are beyond the gardens . ''
without actually accepting his invitation , she stood and then they were strolling through the gardens .
okay , if she were honest , she was more excited about being alone with zack in his house than seeing the building and gardens .