` ` you turned all my bones to happy jelly . ''
erin felt like a bundle of jelly .
for a week i am invalid , but the expensive daily injections and cups of red , green and yellow jelly are useful , and soon i am almost myself .
my orgasm is explosive and leaves me high and quivering like jelly .
they pierce the jelly of her eyes .
thirty years of civilized behavior and good breeding could not be overcome , however , so she forced her fingers to relax , climbed out of the car on legs that shook like jelly , and courteously , if dishonestly , wished him a good night .
victoria approached him on legs that felt like jelly .
harder still when my whole body feels like jelly .
a moment later , it 's over and i ' m incredibly relaxed , very much like my body is made of jelly .
her brothers finding out about her and aris , coming here to ... to ... steel seeped into her bones , replacing the jelly of shock .
my body felt like jelly .
mallory gulped , knowing that she did have something to fear : that he would turn her to pliant jelly with his erotic ministrations .
mallory complied with as much alacrity as she could manage , considering that her limbs felt like jelly .
the adrenaline had run its course , and her legs suddenly felt like jelly .
i fell into his arms like a shuddering mound of jelly .
with arms turning to jelly with shock , i manage to put the quieted child back in her cot .
it was like walking around with jelly on your lips .
her legs gave out and she barely made it off the machine before crumpling to the floor like a mass of jelly .
her body felt like a mass of jelly , and if he released her , she feared she 'd slide down the wall into a boneless heap , never able to get up again .
he printed out some pictures for us , and wiped the jelly from her rounded bump , before shutting off the machine that managed the remarkable business of taking ultrasonic pictures of our unborn baby .
he could probably turn a woman to sex jelly at a distance of fifty feet with that smile .
a navy blue business suit , white blouse , and navy three inch pumps said i was a confident businesswoman , even if my insides were shaking like jelly .
calder bent me into positions i ' ve never even imagined before , let alone attempted , and my arms and legs feel like jelly .
everything on her body felt like quivering jelly , but despite this , her pussy kept clenching around his cock , milking it with hungry wantonness , her wolf not caring who this viking was or what promises she had made to another .
and all her barriers came tumbling down as the orgasm rocked through her , making her cling to fenris helplessly until she melted into a pool of jelly in his arms .
the orgasm ripped through , hot and pulsing like electric magma , turning her body into a pool of quivering jelly .
she should really get her lazy ass out of bed and take a shower , but her bones felt like jelly .
` ` i ' m so freaking jelly . ''
my legs felt like jelly .
he passed me a plate and i swapped my lip for toast ; the peanut butter swirled around on my tongue with the jelly at the prefect consistency ; it did n't even stick to the roof of my mouth .
` ` can i have jelly for my toast ? ''
he touches his finger to my cheek and swipes a small spot of jelly off then holds it in the air for me to see before licking it clean .
having his gaze levelled on her made her legs feel like jelly .
something that made her bones feel like jelly .
would he be able to look beyond the ugly bruise and see that she was a quivering mess of jelly on the inside ?
i had no idea how to open the gate , and when i admitted the truth- it would n't come to that , i thought f irmly to myself , or at least as f irmly as i could manage when my brain felt like jelly .
she definitely heard his name , but she was n't paying attention ; she was too focused on wiping every last bit of jelly from the floor .
` ` i ' m not ready for that jelly . ''
callum 's voice was gruff , but to me , his words sounded like a lullaby , and my legs shook , threatening to turn to jelly beneath me .
the only way i can really sleep well is if i ' m so exhausted that i ' m a quivering mass of jelly .
he tried to get to his feet , not sure how he 'd ended up on his knees , but his legs felt like jelly .
saetan 's body felt like jelly .
he asked through a mouthful of jelly .
she was mad , then got really sad , and now she was ... well , it was weeks later and she was sitting in a diner in her pajamas with her gorgeous red hair in straggles around her puffy face , wearing no makeup and fifteen extra pounds , and was making a town out of jelly .
he smeared the jelly on her bottom lip from side to side .
i knew cade was just skimming the surface of where he had been , what he had seen , but my skin crawled with horror , my insides felt like jelly .
his breath caught in his throat and he stiffened , fear creeping into his eyes , his body turning to a shuddering mass of jelly .
her palms were sweating , and her knees felt like jelly .
` ` i like your dress , jelly . ''
my knees were turning to jelly over how tall and broad - shouldered he was .
she had to push them with her hands because her thighs felt like jelly .
i turned to sebastian and luther , who were covered in pink jelly since their bubble had burst after it crashed into the wall .
blood pounding through my body , my legs are like jelly .
he stuck out his tongue and waggled it ; chastity shook like a small jelly and put out a tiny pink tongue tip in turn , which made him laugh .
i was so relieved my legs felt like jelly .
they felt like jelly .
peace , my legs feel like jelly .
i giggle to think of naked slugs wobbling like a yellow jelly .
eli let go at the last second , saving his fingers from being reduced to a red jelly , and he was smothered in a second cloud of dust .
the physical material of her brain , the actual byzantine paths and crevices , the jelly , the tissue all bundled up and coiled like a snake , the seat of consciousness , now uninhabited .
joe carters brain felt like jelly .
it was like someone had put an especially bright light bulb in her nasal cavity and it was now shining through the vitreous jelly .
i wanted to get out and wipe the bloodstains off the rear window , but i felt drained and useless , like a pile of jelly .
the tiny box shimmered as though made entirely of jelly , and suspended within it floated the bio - capsule made from schlange moss and liberty 's dna .
the floor beneath us , i swear , became like a jelly .
my mother would be more than enraged at the idea that an outsider was exposed to the jelly .
a person from my world could not have taken a blow like that to the head with out dying , and yet you lived , even with out the aid of the royal jelly you would have lived , mariele said .
ill find her myself , after you ve been reduced to a jelly .
when i awoke , i was sore all over especially my legs , which felt like jelly .
my legs felt as if they were made of jelly .
it jumps over her face ; a warm damp jelly .
like a rubber band snapping , time returned to normal and my body slackened , my muscles turning to runny jelly .
i reached out to the banister to stop myself , but my arms were like jelly .
breakfast and lunch were indiscernible from one another , it was mostly just a vaguely vanilla tasting bowl of something that looked like oatmeal but had the texture of jelly .
it swung back and forth , undulating like the wobbles of a jelly and getting nowhere fast .
these babies do n't half take a toll on it , i ' ve got stretch marks and my tummy wobbles like a jelly , and my boobs , which did their best to defy gravity when they first arrived , have given up the fight .
i m dead tired and my legs feel like jelly .
i leaned into the glass , my head swimming and my legs wobbling like jelly .
he clenched his eyes fiercely shut , as though the quivering opaque jelly of the last sixty hours were indeed on the point of clarifying and becoming transparent .
my shield had stopped the flaming jelly , but the heat had gone right through and dry roasted the hand i 'd held out to focus my shield .
what jake remembered next was ted 's fingers - unbelievably gentle fingers - spreading the hair on the back of eddie 's head and exposing a large hole filled with a dark jelly of blood .
now lying in an awkward sprawl , half in and half out of the harness , she dipped into it , brought out a handful of jelly , and slathered it up and down the bone .
a holoscreen materialized on the wall in front of me , air dappling like clear jelly .
11:58 a.m. out on the ice ... matt 's spine felt like jelly .
as lauren entered the room , some of the stronger smells cut through the mentholated jelly : bleach , blood , bowel , and necrotic gases .
the ruptured bodies stank , the spilled blood thickening to a black currant jelly , the opened viscera freeing colonies of bacteria usually held in check by the gut .
goosebumps broke out on her flesh as her body loosened like buckets and buckets of jelly .
he tried to inject his voice with as much confidence as he could muster , even though his knees felt like jelly .
i ask , catching up with her even though my legs still feel like jelly .
he mumbles , his limbs flopping like jelly .
i still ca nt move anywhere , though my legs feel like jelly .
her stomach ached from the blow to the gut , her legs felt like jelly from their recent strain , and her head pulsed becausewell , because of everything .
lizzie stood up , trembling all over , her legs feeling like jelly .
i found i was surprisingly weak for the time of the morning , like the core of every limb was made of jelly .
the worms crawl in , the worms crawl out , the worms play pinochle in your snout , they eat your eyes , they eat your nose , they eat the jelly between your toes .
father thomas merely stared at her with his jelly like eyes .
they felt like they were made of jelly , and his heart threatened to leap from his chest .
she walked stiffly , her legs feeling like jelly .
' for the greater good ' , one of them always told me ... '' i turn toward tien , my body feeling like it 's encased in thick jelly .
her legs felt like jelly .
i have to find the energy to continue , but my legs feel like jelly .
* * * noah comes home with a bag containing what looks like a shapeless blob of transparent jelly .
even so , chara took saras hand and smeared the jelly across her palm .
i tried but i felt dizzy and uncoordinated , like my legs were made of jelly .
both legs felt like jelly .
my whole body became like jelly .
not knowing what to do next , he reached out to the jelly .
he is kneeling now , at the edge and digging with his hands as the floor wobbles like a jelly as he tears at its edge and lifts a strange plant in his hands .
i pick out the lumps of jelly from the marmalade with a knife and slap it across the thick slice of bread i cut earlier , grabbing the front door keys from the dish on the shelf i run out the door , slamming it behind me .
maybe ... my hands were beginning to shake and legs felt like jelly .
a moment later , it feels as if all my guts and muscles and bones have been scraped dry and pumped full of jelly .
i say , standing back up , but my legs wobble underneath me like jelly .
he pushed himself to his feet and with legs of jelly , pushed himself hard to go up the hill .
she dabs my fingertips and hand with a wet napkin then lifts it to my face and wipes the tears filling my eyes and the jelly from the corners of my mouth .
trembling in legs of jelly and fingers that ca nt stop dangling beside me .
and for arnold , the cane seems not to stop there but to slice down through the meat of his hand , pulverising nerves , muscles and blood vessels into a shrieking agony of bruised jelly .
since 1970 they ve been importing it for products as varied as the obvious gasoline , diesel , fuel oil , propane , ethane , kerosene , liquid petroleum gas and lubricants but also for heating oil , asphalt , bitumen , plastic , bags , toys , candles ( paraffin ) , clothing ( polyester , nylon ) , cosmetics , petroleum jelly , perfume , dish - washing liquids , ink , bubble gums and car tires auntie maggies jaws fell open !
it occurred to zachary that here was a human version of the mindless moon jelly , a human with little mind and who floated through life on the wheels of his rusty sedan , though gathering upon his meanderings not nourishing microbes but cash tips .
my informer said the best thing about this stuff , when mixed exactly this way , was that you could share it out ; you could pack it into just about anything , since it was a jelly .
the petroleum jelly would lock in the smell of the potassium chlorate , and no one would know you were loaded with death .
behind his eyelids , jagged lime and lemon shapes slicing at the jelly of his eyeballs .
i walked the big paint back to where the men had gathered , on legs that felt like sticks of jelly .
the sticky jelly from the bread smeared on my fingers .
my insides felt like jelly .
there was some fruit , some strange , dense egg - y things , fire - toasted hunks of bread that could have passed for pieces of granite and some kind of blackish jelly .
it might have only been a forty minute flight from stansted to dublin ; but ryanair flew very basic planes , and sasha , phillipa and kylie were all tall and their legs felt like jelly .
dennis pugh gibbered like jelly .
by the time he sat at his table his favorite girl , dell , had his coffee and regular breakfast of toast , jelly , and grits .
weakened by a diet of hot water and vegetable soup , the ace of the secret service had been tied to some kind of a rack and then a man had come along and just pulled a lever up a few notches and reduced the hero of a hundred combats to a quivering jelly !
there was nothing that a painful week in hospital and plenty of gentian violet or tannic acid jelly would n't cure .
his hand closed on one of the large cobblestones lying on the ground , and as samuel straightened up , he smashed it into aram 's right eye with all his strength , turning it into a red jelly , and he kept pounding at him , again and again .
his knees felt like jelly .
connected by ultrathin tubing , the gel packs were submerged in a foam - like jelly , which would prevent vibration and keep the readout stream stable .
a seven - year - old 's brain a quart and a half of quivering jelly is hardly smaller than a grown - up 's , but its yield of telomerase enzymes is ten times as great .
the black stuff oozing from the corners of his eyes has continued to build up , and now it lies on his cheeks like smears of decayed jelly .
their hair was plastered to their skulls by petroleum jelly and parted down the middle .
it was a measure of her concern that , today , she got right to the jelly .
her muscles felt like jelly .
she pressed her lips together tightly , legs trembling , turning to jelly , wanting to run .
probably the dead last thing tess needed was to watch him become white as a sheet at her bedside , his knees turning into jelly beneath him .
her waterlogged boots were weights on her feet and her legs were like jelly .
every inch of my body trembled , my chest felt tight , and my wounded leg felt like jelly .
they were stuck in the jelly , floating in the squashed tomatoes , and sprinkled all over the runny egg .
i fell more than jumped off his back , but my legs were like jelly and collapsed underneath me .
now my tone hardened a bit to let them know i was n't a quivering mass of jelly .
the long car ride had made my legs feel like jelly .
afterward my legs were like jelly .
my legs feel like jelly .
i ' ve pitched for the past hour and the muscles in my arm are as useful as jelly .
my heart dropped to my stomach and my legs suddenly felt like jelly .
but in a jiffy i is putting the head teecher to sleep as well , and he just crumples slowly to the floor like a lump of jelly and there he lies all in a heap and starts snorkelling even lowder than miss plumridge .
the queen herself grew gaunt and thin from breeding replacements , and certain ministers who understood such matters began feeding royal jelly to the strongest larvae .
the electrical burst liquefied the jelly , which slopped all around him to form a dull orange pool .
the impact splashed apart some of the jelly , but the majority remained fastened to him .
a quick flash of cold steel and then she 'd be screeching , eye gone , the screaming socket dripping eye jelly and blood .
slowly padding down the steps , he levered the door closed , all his muscles trying to turn to jelly at every creak and squeak , and wedged the chair under the knob .
swallowing back eye jelly , he worried the lens between his teeth , then crunched .
not a thing , except this gluey , gucky , purple maw , as if the crazy lady spends all her time slurping blood jelly .
i ca n't see if she stays above water , though , because now the stallion is snorting , seaweed and jelly and bits of coral all spewing from his nostrils around the red berries , and in his drowning and his death throes , it 's taking all my energy to keep from going underwater with him .
chapter 4 death by water tick 's dad thrashed about on the garage floor , the thick layer of transparent goo that covered every part of his body bouncing and wiggling like jelly .
they were jars not unlike those in a manny 's pantry , from which she 'd once or twice pilfered jelly .
all the while , my insides felt like jelly .
they can grow practically anywhere in abundance without any help , and all parts of the dandelion are useable : the leaves for greens , the roots for coffee and tea , and the blossoms for jelly and wines .
he was busy licking the jelly that had spilled onto his napkin when the man came out .
with a wild scream she was upon him , tearing a great piece from his side with her mighty teeth , and striking his viciously upon his head and shoulders with a broken tree limb until his skull was crushed to a jelly .
well , were it not for the fact she had jelly for legs and a fantastic ability to run away from the adventure , not towards it .
both his lips were split and his guts felt like jelly .
my hearts pounding like its going to burst out of my chest any minute now and my legs have gonegone like jelly .
she wondered whether he would accept her imperial coins in exchange for a jar of the magic jelly which she 'd found so useful for her wounds .
suddenly , she remembered the jelly which she 'd managed to lodge under her belt .
she scooped out a little cold jelly and reached out to him , gently smoothing the gel into one of the cuts on his cheek .
the earth looked like a mass of jelly , which made her realize that unless someone reached out to help her , she was going to be buried alive .
he s blown his fuse and feels better now , so its alright andy stood up and stepped over the edge of the cockpit with difficulty because his legs felt like jelly .
he was quivering like a bowl of jelly and looking at the floor .
once the wild ride took them far beneath the ground , where pulsing strands of light clung to their jelly like bodies , squeezing them into tight knots and weird new shapes .
brad tied the sleeves of his lightweight , brown corduroy jacket around his skinny waist before he unstuck his shirt from the smear of jelly on his stomach .
i am the right hand of justice , and i can serve it out like jelly on a cracker .
she sees beckys messy hair , and the jelly on her face from the pastry .
however , when applied to real human beings , most subjects died from turning into a disgusting jelly as the cell structures got ruined and melted down .
its blood was thick like a jelly and smelt like some chemical .
it shuddered like jelly .
jack could hardly walk now , his legs feeling like jelly .
` ` it 's petroleum jelly .
it was later rumoured that dougals stentorian bellow caused earthquakes and tidal waves on the hitherto unsuspected far side of the world , and transformed hordes of inscrutable steppe nomads into quivering jelly .
dardans legs felt like jelly .
although the distance between that crack and the next was n't far , by the time she stepped to the ledge , her arms and legs felt like jelly .
i ve never met one yet that did nt make my knees turn to jelly with a smile .
then the lichelord swelled up , bulging with the fullness of his feast , like a monstrous fat spider that had sucked the juices and the jelly from its screaming prey .
my legs felt like jelly from start to finish .
the polished metal did not gleam in the light of the fire because fresh blood drenched the surface like a wet jelly .
' a doughnut as doughnutty as a doughnut made of flour , water , one large egg , sugar , a pinch of yeast , cinnamon to taste and a jam , jelly or rat filling depending on national or species preference , ok ?
and therefore , out of a passing respect for this tradition , it will not be said of rincewind and twoflower that they became an ice - blue sinewave arcing through the dark imensions , or that there was a sound like the twanging of a monstrous tusk , or that their lives passed in front of their eyes ( rincewind had in any case seen his past life flash in front of his eyes so many times that he could sleep through the boring bits ) or that the universe dropped on them like a large jelly .
he set off , overruling the jelly in his legs , running out of the octangle and across the lawns until he reached the university 's bridge of size , where he sped past nobby and colon who were drawn into the wake of watchmen running to keep up .
she was afraid of dropping such a long way out of the sky that she 'd have time to run out of breath screaming before hitting the rocks so hard that she 'd turn to a sort of jelly and all her bones would break into dust .
it 's quite hard to make ... ' she looked around at the circle of blank faces and felt embarrassment rise inside her like hot jelly .
rincewind had been told about the hat on his first day at university , and it had sunk into his impressionable mind like a lead weight into a jelly .
gandalf struck a blue light on the end of his magic staff , and in its firework glare the poor little hobbit could be seen kneeling on the hearth - rug , shaking like a jelly that was melting .
` ` we have jelly , gre - go ? ''
therefore , the covens tended to rely on cheap petroleum jelly and mineral oils to serve as the bases for their potions .
poor lord ravenwoodshe foresaw a delegation descending on the unlucky man on the morrow , led by sophia lovecraft and bearing calfs - foot jelly and broth of eel and all the other fare her aunt would deem suitable for an invalid .
anne would nt come in with me to any of the cottages , but waited in the carriage while i paid my calls and left jars of calfs - foot jelly and jars of beef broth everywhere we stopped .
i , on the other hand , quivered like jelly .
to make a poultice she mixed the jelly with a little barley meal , which gave it an even consistency , and suet , which made it spreadable , put it on a clean cloth , warmed it over the fire and applied it directly to the wound .
his legs had long ago turned to jelly from the effort of keeping them wrapped around his escort 's waist .
she slammed her front door behind her and bolted it , then leaned her back against it and breathed heavily , her knees feeling like jelly , and little pinpricks of sweat forming around her hairline .
although his hands were trembling like jelly on the tip of a fork , the man was a good shooter .
bodily fluids sprayed and splashed around like jelly and ice cream at a food fight .
he knew that hitting something that substantial head on would reduce him to instant jelly .
he unleashes his reindeer to sweep through the town first , his stomach jiggling like a bowl full of jelly at the terror they reap .
reduced to a quivering jelly , curled up in the foetal position after a bout of retching over the side .
if he could get into bogota , he 'd most likely be able to get to a motel and phone jelly .
the shotgun jelly had trained on him blew him completely off his feet and shoved him across the table amid the electrical equipment .
he thought of those late - hour trains where juvenile thugs ( victims of society , of course ) beat old men to a jelly and violated young women in the presence of passengers masking themselves behind their newspapers .
there was a mighty eddying and foaming in the noisome brine , and as the steam mounted higher and higher the brave norwegian drove his vessel head on against the pursuing jelly which rose above the unclean froth like the stern of a daemon galleon .
when the maggots had all been squeezed into their circulatory systems , large fire ants , like beasts of burden , bore the jars of opium and royal jelly from pestilentia 's vagina , down her legs to the ground , and deposited them around the tantradox .
the petroleum jelly would serve as protection to the skin , but needed to be a thin layer so that any natural lines or cracks that were barely noticeable of linsey 's mature face would be remembered .
for a moment henry was frozen with a hundred childish horrors , things under beds and things in coffins , squirming bugs beneath overturned rocks and the furry jelly that was the remains of a long - dead baked rat the time dad had moved the stove out from the wall to check the plug .
he seized something that felt like cool , fur - covered jelly .
it was caked on my right cheek like jelly .
what he told the responding officers later was that the guy sounded like he was talking through a mouthful of jelly .
following it came a noisome spew of guts , flabby bags of yellowish - red jelly .
it drove nisty spikes into the soft jelly of his eyes .
it felt like warm jelly .
eva had spent most of september in a steamy kitchen , toiling over her canning operations , blanching vegetables and putting them up , putting paraffin plugs in the tops of ball jars to cover homemade jelly .
most of the soup still clung to frank d. bruce 's face like moldy jelly .
he took a huge jar of vaseline from a drugstore that night and packed the burned part of his arm in an inch of the jelly .
he realized with a sickish lack of surprise that he could see into bobbi -her skin had changed , had become some kind of semi - transparent jelly .
dick was aware of this ... and then , as his eyes blew out of his head like half - congealed chunks of moldy jelly , he knew no more .
joe carter 's brain felt like jelly .
a clear jelly runs down the cheek like congealed tears , and the slug falls backwards .
simply rinse , dry , and add a little cis jelly and woohlah , back to action .
the bosses nodded approvingly and presented him with a reward , a commission no less , a birthday bash whose sweet trolley he was to design , thick with chocolate and sumptuous with brandy , rolling and wobbling with jelly and blancmange .
she jumped up and down waving frantically , the flap of skin under her arm giggling and flapping in the breeze like a flag made of jelly .
stack gritted his teeth and brought his head up , coming face to face with an enormous tentacled jelly .
asked jack to himself in amazement ) did indeed jiggle like a bowl full of jelly .
running down the hall , his body like two pounds of jelly in a one pound bag , he burst into dougs office without knocking .
mauvebeard was quicker than anyone could have imagined though , leaping up out of his chair and holding his huge arms wide as his flabby stomach quivered like a factory load of petroleum jelly .
ornaments , possums and other loose items bounced around the floor or flew off shelves as the floor became as stable as jelly in an earthquake .
but it was to no avail , and so in the early days one april she passed away , and the man was reduced to a jelly of his former self , a recently re - baptized pilgrim in a world he ceased to recognize because he was utterly alone and there was not enough meat on the clean white bones of purity to nourish him .
it do nt matter anyway as they ve emptied the tills of all the notes and are heading over towards the post office lean - to , the bigger of the two just does a running jump at the door of the structure , shaking it like jelly .
little jinny blistov did nt know the woman from eve , but within moments this tough russian hooligan was reduced to quivering jelly .
in the area of the sheet marked , tools required , i wrote : pliers , vacuum tube , coat hanger , miners hat , petroleum jelly .
he imagined his belly and moobs wobbling like jelly , and politely declined her invitation .
this was the juice that , when it came from her , brought very big boys to their knees , quivering like jelly .
you are a million still - born dead fantasies you are the psychic jelly of carrion past you were once the ministry fox you were once david vincent you were once inaction man you will be moulded you will be reborn you will be will be will but i hark !
david suspected that those who did nt smile enough were locked up and had their brains turned to jelly with lobotomies and electroconvulsive therapy .
if he stayed too long , he would sink into the jelly and become part of the spectre slave .
my next task as far as helping to make this party run smoothly sees me handing out the jelly and custard to all and sundry .
the trophy that was still clenched by chuck splatter , representing mad teds humane efforts , was covered in thick blood jelly , bits of brain , and splintered skull .
that is pretty much all i can do , save for observing him scoop out a large clump of clear jelly from an industrial sized plastic container .
khalis saw that the old janitor with the puff of white hair next to him was doing his best to bounce his chair out of the way as lava balloons above him periodically let loose as well , raining down more thick globules and droplets of brightly burning jelly .
yuri said , attempting to tickle the gelatinous mass , only to find that her hands were penetrating the inside of the jelly .
she missed baskets more often than not ; her wrists felt like jelly .
she was in control of every part of herself , mer or gypsy ; however , she could not stop her legs feeling like jelly .
* * * i was feeling all warm inside and my arms felt like jelly .
gwendolen trifled with her jelly , and looked at every speaker in turn that she might feel at ease in looking at deronda .
his legs felt like jelly .
her legs were like jelly .
her knees felt like jelly .
she wiped a dab of jelly from her mouth and took a gulp of coffee .
my knees suddenly felt like they were made of jelly , and i sat down on the bed .
she grabs a gob of vaginal jelly from the tube then rubs it up , down , and sideways from the tip to the base of her rubber penis .
i painfully made my way to the door , fear making my knees feel like jelly .
the implication was not lost on me : you too will be reduced to blubbering jelly .
charlie got sophie out of her chair , wiped the jelly off her face and out of her hair , then sat down with her on the couch to read to her from the chronicle 's classified ads , which was where he plied a large part of his business , other than the death stuff .
as he held me , my legs slowly found their way back underneath me but my knees still felt like jelly .
my legs were like jelly , and not the good kind , the green kind that had your insides churning .
by the time he was done , i 'd be a pool of jelly on the floor .
i climb onto it , my legs suddenly feeling like jelly .
broken ac , humidity making the air cling like clear jelly .
as emma swiped herself clean of the jelly , she heard pesh opening and closing cabinets .
my heart was beating wildly , i could feel it in my chest , my neck , my wrists and my legs felt like jelly .
the sight had her crashing into a shocking orgasm leaving her like jelly .
his presence alone made her feel like jelly .
by the time luke joined him on the court travis was soaked with sweat , and his legs felt like jelly .
despite my determination to surrender , my legs are weak as jelly .
then i pushed myself away from the desk and stood up , my legs wobbling like jelly .
my body tingles all over and my limbs feel like jelly .
i felt like my bones were made of jelly .
elizabeths breath came in gasps ; her lungs felt like they were on fire , and her legs were like jelly .
i collapsed in a heap on the floor , my legs like jelly and my thoughts careening around my head like a pinball machine .
my neck was cramped , my entire body was stiff , and my legs felt like jelly .
the dogs abundant flabby skin quivered at her touch and words , like a large vat of brown furred jelly .
ernie could really cut a rug back then and he spent every saturday night down at the playhouse ballroom dancing away until his legs felt like jelly .
she made a mental note to herself to grab some ice - cream , jelly and fruits from the shop the next time , standing on her tip - toes to search the overhead cupboards for a salad bowl .
he grabbed the peanut butter from the pantry , the jelly from the frig and then went to the counter next to the sink .
carrie dismounted too and had to catch rosalie when she almost fell over since her legs were like jelly .
i m thankful because my legs are like jelly with nervousness .
i let my head fall back against the wall , feeling like my legs were made of jelly .
i pointedly ignore his hand , choosing to dismount all on my own with my rubbery legs that feel like jelly .
his hand slid up her right thigh , turning her legs to jelly so that he had no trouble nudging them apart .
her legs felt as though they were made of jelly , but she locked her ankles , keeping them wrapped around his waist , unwilling to give up the feeling of his c*ck inside her just yet .
he was writhing , already burning , as tessa tightened her grip , crushing his body to a jelly of scarlet blood and white bones .
in short , she felt like jelly .
francis turned her legs to jelly with a single touch .
on the outside he appeared much the confident doting husband , but his insides felt like jelly .
i smiled , encouragingly , even though my legs felt like jelly .
he finished the sandwich and poured the rest of the orange juice down his throat , then glanced over at jane to see her daintily licking the last bit of jelly from her fingers .
she was limp , but shivered nonetheless with chill , the contracting muscles shaking her like jelly .
she was still rolled into a ball , shuddering and quaking like a jelly , oozing away from alex 's fumbling efforts to pat her .
he did n't look upset , and the jelly in her backbone stiffened a little .
there were blue smudges under her eyes ; she 'd been up late making jelly , up again twice more with the little bas - with the baby .
if there were one thing she did n't care for , aside from the way he could turn her legs to jelly with no more than a glance , it was feeling guilty toward the very man that she was so determined to hate .
my limbs are like jelly .
a little wiser around the eyes , but the same intense gaze that made my knees feel like jelly .
he grinned , and the look was so roguish it made her legs feel like jelly .