he rolled his eyes and handed her a plate filled with stuffed grape leaves .
she asked and took a delicate bite of the stuffed grape leaves .
she helps manage it - oversees the grapes growing and the distillery .
she did n't dislike overseeing the growth of the grapes ; you could n't be a vintner without a love of the fruit itself .
she figured he planned to get his revenge for last night 's escape by marching her up and down the rows of perfectly developing grapes instead of letting her monitor the giant machinery that turned the humble fruit into the nectar of the gods .
they met rob halfway down the row of grapes .
rob surveyed the field of grapes .
` ` grapes in montana ?
needing to distract himself from that train of thought , he gestured to the grapes and asked duncan , ` ` how long has your family been in the business ? ''
at first duncan seemed to want to talk more about morgan than about the grapes , and rob had the sneaking suspicion the man had the hots for her , but after he 'd asked a few pointed questions about the rootstock , irrigation and the kinds of pests they had to deal with , duncan launched into explanations and could n't seem to stop talking .
he 'd never thought about the possibility of cultivating grapes .
duncan raised a hand to shade his eyes and scanned the rows of grapes .
thomas took duncan aside and launched into a discussion about the grapes and the exact day he thought they would be ready to harvest .
i like to see the grapes reach the harvest .
raoul had explained that the grapes were ripening and becoming sweet .
he had always considered himself a strong man , and for all his tendencies to put pleasure before responsibility , he knew how to do a full day 's work , but the repetitive process of removing foliage from the bottom of the plants - leaving just enough leaves to shade the ripening grapes from the full - on sun - turned out to be harder than he would have expected .
` ` you 're going to grow grapes in montana ? ''
` ` i came to cassidy wineries a decade ago , determined to learn everything there was to know about cultivating grapes and turning them into wine ... '' she began .
` ` you 're going to grow grapes ? ''
` ` over my dead body you 're going to rip up this good rangeland and plant ... grapes . ''
` ` i ' m the one who wants to grow grapes .
you ' ve got to get the balance right of foliage to grapes to get them to ripen efficiently .
you could tend the grapes and she could brew the wine .
we have to purchase rootstock , grow the grapes , erect a distillery and tasting room , buy the machinery ... and even once we bottle some wine , it still needs to age . ''
not to mention that there 's no way in hell we 're letting you tear up good rangeland for a bunch of stupid grapes . ''
i hope you wo n't turn your back on us , and for what it 's worth , '' he took a deep breath , ` ` if you really think planting grapes would make you happier than running cattle , then i ' m on your side .
` ` and you think you can grow grapes in montana ?
meanwhile , she 'd get down to business raising grapes and preparing to build the winery , with rob 's help of course .
she raised a glass of sparkling grape juice and toasted them .
it was sweet without being overly sweet , and it reminded me of grape juice , with just a hint of jasmine .
distracting himself , logan picked up a bunch of grapes and began popping them into his mouth , one at a time .
i mimicked him , taking my own bunch of grapes from the giant basket in front of us .
claire popped a grape into her mouth and when she bit down a tiny spray shot from between her lips .
` ` i have grapes . ''
` ` you like grapes . ''
for good measure , she 'd thrown in a bottle of sparkling grape juice .
it was n't like she 'd been drinking anything stronger than grape juice .
` ` it 's bubbly and sweet like grape juice .
` ` i think maria said we have turkey and swiss on wheat bread , some kind of cold , chopped vegetable medley and sparkling grape juice .
she arranged the plates and cutlery , then waited for zach to pour the grape juice into the goblets .
she took a sip of her grape juice .
i could n't help noticing that he looked incredibly sexy when he put the grapes to his lips though before tossing it in his mouth and chewing it hungrily .
parker poured her a glass and then placed a sweet grape in her mouth .
` ` so it 's sour grapes then ? ''
and she had n't taken too much notice , too wrapped up in her own problems and sour grapes because she had n't been asked to go .
there was pasta salad , cold chicken , cheese , grapes , sliced pears and white wine .
` ` jim comes back with ten grapes .
by the ninth grape , however , he laughs .
you were on your 9th grape already .
` ` poor kid , '' she said , popping a grape into her mouth .
she leaned forward to snag one of his grapes , once again flashing her bra and amazing cle**age .
christian popped a grape into his mouth .
i threw a grape at him .
she popped a grape in her mouth .
fields of grape vines surrounded the whole area .
green , luscious vegetation surrounded our path ; endless rows of grapes wound around the hills , reminding me of california .
lying together on the blanket , he was on his back while she was on her stomach , propped on her elbows and sharing grapes with him .
` ` good , '' she said , dropping a grape into his mouth .
they 'd headed away from the town of griffith , straight into the countryside from the airport , and the brothers now started to point out the vineyards belonging to the family , informing jake of the different types of grapes they cultivated and what wines they made .
it was pure sour grapes and if she did n't stop it , she 'd end up sour all through .
it would have sounded like sour grapes .
her empty stomach was growling for something more substantial than grapes and peaches .
purple satin had been chosen for the bridesmaids and matrons of honour because it suited the vineyard , with its dark grapes that made the famous andretti red wine .
' are we going to frolic amongst the grapes for the photographer ? '
theo brought a stack of plastic glasses , carefully separating them out as ari returned to the galley , emerging again with a platter containing a selection of cheeses and crackers , nuts , olives and grapes .
to protect the grapes from the strong winds , ari explained to her mother who happily chatted to him the whole way .
what passed for wine until now seem like abrasive mixtures of grape juice and vinegar .
flavored with organic grape juice they are his favorite .
' want some of sorab 's grape biscuits ? '
abundant palm trees and the grape vines give the impression of a tropical rainforest .
i do n't live and die by the grape , adam .
upstairs , julie closed the door to the master bedroom , stepped over to the wide window that overlooked the acres of neatly tended grape vines .
a wind was blowing , ruffling the leaves on the vines and sending a minitornado of dust dancing along the neatly tended rows of grapes .
the proprietress was attempting to foist off on you a hideous hat covered with little grapes and berries , by convincing you that if you wore it for a stroll in the park , the gentlemen would fall at your feet . ''
to her , the painting looked like fish eyes swimming in grape jelly .
how much more will this place make him when the grapes are growing ?
` ` this is what fourteen hundred dollars ' worth of sour old grapes tastes like . ''
` ` strawberry or grape jam ? ''
then she grabbed the bowl of grapes from the refrigerator and carried everything back into the suite 's sitting area where christopher waited .
addie shook her head and swallowed the grape in her mouth .
as if reading my mind , he walked over to the fridge and removed a small tray of cheese , crackers , and grapes .
the grapes were mouthwatering , and my stomach growled after i teased it with just a few .
` ` grape juice ? ''
we pass mile after mile of grapes on the way to the house and as we get closer , i see a traditional old - world - style mansion in the distance .
i tell her about the vineyard , the grapes , and explain winemaking while we eat .
the acidity of the soil and this particular type of grape are no longer compatible .
the quality of the grapes is deteriorating .
if it does n't reject the change , there will be a more compatible grape growing on these vines within two years . ''
his livelihood is dependent upon his knowledge of the grapes he harvests .
` ` it 's just sparkling grape juice . ''
while he began drying my body with a towel , sneaking kisses against my skin here and there , i spotted a tray on the bathroom counter with a plate of eggs and sausage , another plate with toast , a jar of grape jelly to the side , and a tall glass of orange juice .
finding myself adjusting to his demanding pace , i casually reached over to open the jar of grape jelly .
i dipped my finger into the grape jelly and held it up for him .
he plucked the jar of grape jam from my hand and poured the contents all over my br**sts .
` ` close enough , '' i said , bringing the melon and grapes back to the bar and taking a seat on a stool .
i asked as i popped a grape into my mouth , watching the liquids blend together .
` ` you were going to eat melon and grapes with that drink ? ''
` ` there 's grapes in the colander over there if you want some to go with . ''
the aromatic purple grape - like flowers - maddie did n't know their name - mixed with the tall green and yellow grasses against the rustic wood of the log home , creating a quite visually appealing setting .
- john steinbeck , the grapes of wrath ` ` it 's not my fate to give up - i know it ca n't be . ''
their first course arrived with a glass of sparkling grape juice for michaela .
` ` mr . harris had three boxes of melba toast , a can of smoked oysters , a wheel of gouda cheese , two bunches of grapes , a package of smoked salmon , a can of sardines , a bottle of sparkling grape juice and a can of cocktail weenies in his pants .
` ` mr . harris had three boxes of melba toast , a can of smoked oysters , a wheel of gouda cheese , two bunches of grapes , a package of smoked salmon , a can of sardines , a bottle of sparkling grape juice and a can of cocktail weenies in his pants .
` ` i just hope they threw the grapes away , '' mr . roth said , completely snapping me out of my lust - fueled reverie .
` ` i 'll bet the media will all be picking it up , '' lily , who was sitting on the floor , pointed out , popping a grape into her mouth .
` ` i said we would be over later , '' he answered , going over to the fridge and pulling out some grapes .
he turned and put the grapes down on the counter .
` ` on our wedding night , i 'll dress in my costume and dance for you and feed you grapes and read to you from the 1001 nights , '' i said giving adam a come - hither look and a hip wiggle .
i know it 's weird for reporters to ask about wedding plans when we have n't even had sex yet , '' she said , popping a grape into her mouth .
lucky grape .
sean lost a few grapes every time he bent down to sip his tea , and the occasional banana sprang free and tumbled onto the table , making maddie laugh .
beyond the windows was a balcony that was set high about the vineyard below , offering a view of endless rows upon rows of grape vines .
we uncorked a bottle of wine that was made from the grapes of the vineyard and jack poured us each a glass .
he 'd just served her fresh watermelon , grown on the land everyone had given up as irreclaimable , among many vital crops of which she 'd seen oranges , tangerines , olives and grapes .
ashton 's head was buried in a thick text book and he was eating a grape jelly sandwich on white bread while he read .
there was so much grape jelly in the sandwich the purple bled through the top of the white bred .
she exhaled loudly and reached for a small branch of table grapes .
she lay on her stomach , propped up on her elbows , eating grapes from his hand .
she sucked another grape from his fingers .
caviar and blini filled the second ; cheese , pears , and grapes the third .
he shrugged , pulling out a bowl of grapes .
he piled grapes , nuts , and a few slices of cheese on a plate and nodded to the bedroom .
back on the comforter , he slipped a grape between my lips and then took some for himself , mumbling , ` ` so , i have a thought , '' around his bite .
he fed me another grape and then slid the plate next to a bottle of water on the bedside table before pulling his t - shirt up and over my head .
her mouth tasted like sugar and grapes as their tongues tan gled together .
the sun was just starting to set over endless fields of vines , and the air was scented with growing grapes .
katelyn led him into the kitchen and pointed at a grape jelly jar on the counter .
imogen took a seat on the bench and grabbed a grape .
imogen bit her grape and told herself to shut up .
stuffing another grape in her mouth , she struggled to find something witty to say in return , but she was never witty .
` ` can i have grape ? ''
when he looked at her , she was popping a chocolate covered grape in her mouth .
his fiancee , imogen , called to him from over the fruit platter , where she was piling grapes on her plate .
well , he might have , but that was just his sour grapes talking .
then hunter seemed to lose interest in the conversation and went to retrieve the grape soda she was drinking .
i grab a grape from the bunch in the fruit bowl behind me and throw it at him .
mango presses between my lips , and i swallow it down easily , and when he presses what feels like a grape against my mouth , i ca n't help the twitch of it .
i murmur against the grape .
he pushes the grape into my lips and i open my mouth .
i close my lips around his fingers , ignoring the grape , and press my tongue against them as he pulls them out of my mouth .
he leaned over and dangled a cluster of grapes enticingly .
i popped a couple grapes into my mouth , putting one in each cheek so i could talk again .
and soon the two of them moved through the vineyard , and they stopped at several stations to taste the local wines associated with each variety of grape being grown , some of which left a sour taste in her mouth , and some of which she wanted much more of .
and he could ' ve called me by the name of any fruit in the world right now ... apple , grape , kumquat , banana ... and i ' m fairly sure i would n't have even noticed , because he was touching me .
he took a grape from my bag and popped it into his mouth .
he also reached into my lunch bag again and stole a few more grapes before sauntering off .
he has a tray with wine , cheese , and grapes .
` ` open your mouth , '' he says , then feeds me a grape when i comply .
i looked around , grabbed a grape off my fruit plate , and threw it at him .
sweat slicked his body and his cock still felt like it would burst like a grape out of its own skin , it was so tight .
he reached for the small bunch of grapes left on her plate .
she smiled when he plucked a grape and pushed it against her lips .
he persisted in his mission , running the moist grape against her mouth , rubbing her with the fruit , tempting her ...
` ` good girl , '' he teased , plucking another grape while she chewed and swallowed the sweet fruit , suddenly ravenous for more .
he pushed another grape into her mouth , pausing to let her suck on his finger .
` ` if you had any idea what i think about doing to that sweet mouth of yours - what i was thinking about doing earlier - you would n't tease me so much with it , '' he grated out as he retrieved another grape .
he stilled in the process of lifting another grape to her lips , his gaze narrowing .
` ` it 's a good thing one of us does , '' he murmured , pushing the grape between her lips .
he asked tensely , the grapes forgotten .
she asked shakily when he plucked another grape .
the grape 's skin broke , cool juice running over her feverish flesh .
i moved toward the island to grab a handful of grapes from the fruit bowl .
he reached across the island and picked a few grapes off the bunch .
i filed these facts away and popped another grape in my mouth .
i know about these things , '' i said as i grabbed another handful of grapes and headed out of the kitchen .
tristan dangled a bunch of grapes just above my mouth .
taking one grape off the vine , he held it between his teeth and smiled .
plucking the grape from his mouth , i popped it into my own .
climbing on top of him , i took the glass and grapes out of his hands .
leaning down , i kissed him lightly on the lips and slipped another grape into his mouth .
we had lunch at a california cuisine restaurant , out on the deck , overlooking fields of grapes that seemed to go on forever .
the smell of rotten food covered in moldy pasta and over fermented grape juice fills this air .
do n't treat me like a child who ca n't choose between a grape or a cherry lollipop .
cord scooted closer and plucked up a grape from the tray .
he granted her a quick peck and dangled a fat green grape above her lips .
aj sucked the grape from his fingers with deliberate sensuality , which made his dick stir .
and why did just the feel of his mouth so close to her skin make her weak - kneed and brain addled , wondering if she should invest in palm fronds , grapes and silken scarves ?
domini 's fingers fondled the two fat purple grapes left on her plate .
` ` you look like an anemic grape . ''
` ` good thing cord likes grapes .
kane kept hayden 's junk food intake to a grape snow cone and a box of red licorice .
` ` i ' m puttin ' in my request for you to wear one of them sexy harem - girl outfits as you 're hand feedin ' me grapes and coolin ' me down with palm fronds . ''
coffee , creamer , grapes , salad , bread and a couple cans of soup . ''
when she shoved two bottles of grape soda in the beverage holders , he gave her a dubious look .
he used to feed me these tasty balls of fish all soaked in olive oil and wrapped in grape leaves .
if not , i 'll see you in tartarus ... remember to avoid the grapes . ''
it let you starve while succulent grapes hung over your head , so close your fingertips could brush them , then the instant you reached out for one , a phantom breeze would blow them right out of your grasp .
` ` they have grape . ''
` ` the grape is n't the best .
she turned to see the grapes .
such a poignant moment , such emotion - until she popped like a grape . ''
he sucks at my lips , pulling them in turn into his mouth before he gives me his tongue , tasting of orange juice and water and grapes .
she offers me tiny green grapes with bitter seeds that give me goose bumps but i ca n't seem to stop eating them .
it takes a while for madame allard to get around to asking me whether we 're having a baby - she 's determined to cycle through her thoughts on the new puppy in the building and the fresh grapes at the corner market - and then even longer for me to convince her that we are not .
there was bread , italian cheeses , salami and prosciutto , grapes and fig jam , and bottles of italian wine .
then he piled more skewers on my plate , plus a handful of grapes and roasted pork loin , so much food that if i ate all of it , they 'd have to roll me out of there .
i 'd thought it all meant something and the hurt was intense , tasting like bitter grapes in the back of my mouth .
when krit had been so excited over corn dogs and grapes , i decided to forgive rock for spending his money on us .
` ` i got you a grape soda .
i loved grape soda , and once he had found that out , he made sure i had it often .
normally , i would want a grape soda .
no , there he was , eating grapes from the table like some sort of roman plutocrat .
the air was moist always , the trees that grew about our little lakes and riverets immense , the ferns also of gigantic size , and the fruit of all kinds and colors - mangos , pears , melons of all sizes - always abundant , and the cliffs hung with vines of wild berry and grape , and the grass forever thick and green .
he lifted a small cluster of glistening purple grapes and fed them to her one by one , taking the seeds out of her mouth and casting them aside .
she felt his hand on the back of her neck , and when she looked up , he fed her a handful of grapes one by one , lifting each one a little higher so that she had to rise off her heels to get it .
he tossed the last grape in the air .
beauty 's breath became uneven , and she felt the moisture between her legs as though a grape had been squeezed there .
she threw down a handful of small gold balls the size of large purple grapes , and she bid me bring each one to her , just as you were commanded to fetch the roses .
she fondled a little blond - haired princess between the legs until she writhed like the white kitchen cat , and then made her open her mouth to catch the grapes that were dropped into it .
other hands parted her legs , and with the same careful , almost silky manner , fingers pried open her pubic lips , rolled her clitoris as if it were a bauble or a grape , the rapid conversation continuing above her .
and now she was shown the glistening bunch of ripe grapes that was laid between her legs .
he consumed the grapes , and , his mouth pressed to her pubic lips , he grasped with his teeth the thick chunks of melon .
and the faces were still , eyes cast down , and the mouths held artfully arranged bunches of grapes and leaves that were gilded like the flesh so that the creatures looked very much like sculptures .
at the moment it was deserted ; even the drunks staggering home from the grapes up the road had found somewhere to collapse for the night .
mr . bromios 's hair was black , and curled , and his eyes were green , and his smile was white , and he smelled of grapes and of grape juice , of barley and of hops .
mr . bromios 's hair was black , and curled , and his eyes were green , and his smile was white , and he smelled of grapes and of grape juice , of barley and of hops .
he exchanged his cambric handkerchief for a bottle of elderflower cordial , a round of green cheese and a number of unfamiliar fruits : they were soft and fuzzy , like apricots , but were the purple - blue of grapes , and they smelled a little like ripe pears ; also the woman gave him a small bale of hay , for the unicorn .
the woman insisted on feeding them ; yvaine barely managed to convince her that she was not hungry , but tristran ate everything he was offered with enthusiasm and , unusual for him , he drank the greater part of a carafe of sweet canary wine , insisting that it tasted no stronger than freshly squeezed grape juice and that it had no effect upon him of any kind .
he 'd realized it lying there on the blanket while she 'd been feeding him grapes and kissing him between each one .
rubi asked from behind wes , her tone as calm as when she 'd been lying on the grass , feeding him grapes .
it was this year 's pressings , but i did n't think that mattered as long as the grapes had been grown here in cincinnati , in effect carrying the essence of the land my dad had lived and died on .
it was what had attracted her to him in the first place , as he had strolled past the grapes , trailing joy like the wisps of the symphony he 'd been humming .
newt 's brow furrowed , and she flicked a grape at him .
i watched newt 's mood sour as she stabbed a grape and ate it off the point of her knife .
` ` does n't matter , '' newt said as she ate a grape with an odd precision .
we 'll have the eggs benedict , that plate of salmon , like the one over there , a bowl of lobster bisque , and some grapes .
do you have grapes today ? ''
she gathered the tray of food and tottered to the window , where she balanced the edge on the wall and popped a grape into her mouth .
standing there , allowing anyone outside to see her , she popped another grape in her mouth and tapped on the glass .
mulling it over , she devoured the rest of the grapes .
the cheese had been smooth , not too sharp , the grapes a perfect contrast .
his gaze landed on a bag of purple grapes .
she nibbled on it for a while , then popped several of the grapes into her mouth .
she popped another grape into her mouth , chewed .
still watching him , she bit into a grape .
she choked on the grape .
` ` i 'd like to hold a bowl of lysander 's grapes , '' she said , and felt a cool porcelain bowl instantly press atop her stomach .
she polished off the grapes , scooted from the bed and stood .
judging by the scent wafting from the plate , there was a ham sandwich , a handful of baked lays , a bowl of grapes and a glass of - gwen sniffed - cranberry juice .
the moment the door closed behind the goddess , she was at the dresser , stuffing sabin 's sandwich into her mouth , washing it down with the juice , then scooping the chips in one hand and the grapes in the other .
` ` this is mine , but the rest is for you , '' he told her , motioning to the bowl of grapes that remained .
she spied a bowl of grapes and could n't stop her squeal of delight .
and holy hell , the taste of her ... she tasted of grapes , sweet with just a little tart , as her tongue tentatively sought his .
there was a glistening , violet chandelier over the bed , the lights shaped like bundles of grapes .
best of all , the air smelled sweet , like those hanging grapes mixed with apples and vanilla .
the blonde - the one kane was n't supposed to date - sat in the back corner , eating grapes , unconcerned by the chaos around her .
she traced a grape over her mouth , licked away the juice .
he grabbed one of white 's grapes and tossed the little fruit in his mouth .
evie plucked a grape from the temperature - controlled bowl in the center of the counter and threw it at her sister .
soon the princess was giggling and throwing grapes at the men .
she popped a grape into her mouth , the sweet juice running down her throat .
there was a great big white bowl in front of me , and in the bowl were what looked like teeny tiny clusters of green grapes .
i picked up one cluster of sea grapes and popped it into my mouth .
but poor jendan was looking rather pale as he continued to shove clusters of sea grapes into his mouth , chewing .
sour grapes .
hundreds of acres of rolling hills , thousands of vines bursting with grapes , fountains , fruit trees , and a beautiful rose garden in the back .
i saw nothing but miles of neatly groomed vines heavy with burgundy grapes and almost as beautiful as the red and pink bougainvillea bowing over the towering arched windows to my sides .
lush , rolling green hills covered in miles of vines heavy with ripe grapes ?
several corners of the spacious room hosted dusty marble statues of toga - clad men cupping handfuls of grapes raised toward the sky .
sour grapes . ''
well , sour grapes are about to get squashed into sour wine .
about the size of a grape . ''
riley suggested , reaching around me to grab the bag of grapes on the top shelf .
marcie gave her three slices of cantaloupe again , and as usual , one sits smiling and abandoned on the placemat while she taps her grapes as if they might be tiny purple grenades .
` ` and grapes are good gossip , '' dad finished .
` ` so , where do sour grapes come in ? ''
we do n't have one for sour grapes .
` ` that 's a grape turning into a sultana , sam . ''
` ` something about sultanas and grapes ? ''
he handed me a small bunch of grapes and sat across from me , grabbing my guitar .
he shuffled over and picked a grape off the bunch , then popped it in his mouth , chewing thoughtfully .
i dumped the grapes back in the basket , readjusting my seat .
` ` did you drug those grapes ? ''
` ` and grapes . ''
i ' m addicted to the new wraps they have on their good - for - you menu , with the grapes in them , but i always get a chocolate shake , so it 's not like i ' m trying to be healthy or anything .
as i eat , a grape keeps jumping from my wrap onto my lap , where i ' ve laid out a few napkins .
i pluck the grape from my lap , grip it tightly , and place it in my mouth .
i pop a grape into my mouth and think about how maybe the whole thing was my fault .
` ` sure , next thing you 'll have me fanning you with a palm frond and feeding you grapes . ''
auggie tickled her under the chin , amber fed him a grape , and hallie finally broke .
` ` i 'll pay you a hundred bucks to leave right now , '' she offered , gulping the grape juice that all the children had been relegated to .
she lurched forward , spilling red grape juice all down the front of lucy 's dress .
julian sounded relaxed enough , but then he 'd probably eaten more than a handful of grapes in the past eighteen hours .
all of that , he thought , as he shifted to take a bite of a late sunday dinner of chicken and grape salad , was easy enough to track .
` ` i love frozen grapes . ''
i want to know all about him , lie in the grass and peel the skin off grapes while feeding him from my teeth .
his eyes bulge like grapes .
cooper presses the enemy like a vat of grapes ripe for the harvest - drawing new wine from their bitter hearts as he rages toward victory for celestra .
i sweep my gaze over the ornately gilded furniture , the garish gold - framed mirror carved meticulously with a pattern of grapes enwreathing the glass .
i could practically see the cartoon bubble over her head with my raven - haired boyfriend feeding her grapes , well , my sort of boyfriend .
i ' m pretty sure grapes and massages were the last two things on that woman 's mind .
of course , it 's discretely interwoven with vines and illuminated grapes interspersed like an expanse of purple stars , but one little earthquake , and the possibility of one of us leaving with a concussion is almost guaranteed .
jules left the kitchen light on for me , and i stop at the fridge to grab myself a bottle of water and a handful of grapes before heading up to my bedroom .
i walk over to the bed and crawl up next to him , offering him my last grape .
the stone path leads us beneath an arbor that is covered in grape vines .
the vines are heavy with luscious , purple grapes .
he pulls melons , strawberries , grapes and peaches out of the fridge and i grab a cutting board and sharp knife and get started with my task .
i wander back to the fruit and pluck a grape from the stem .
i rub the grape across my lips , then pop it in my mouth and chew slowly .
i hold a grape out for him .
he slowly closes the space between us , and takes the grape out of my fingers with his lips .
there are rows and rows of grape vines , for as far as the eye can see , covering green and brown hills that are just waking up under the soft light of the morning sun .
` ` i 'll show you , '' he says , and leads me into a field just past the barn , where vines of grapes are standing in perfect rows .
my eyes are raking over the gorgeous green - leafed vines , heavy with purple grapes , and my heart yearns .
` ` when will you pick the grapes ? ''
` ` i ' m harvesting grapes ? ''
` ` the feel of the grapes in my hands .
i walk slowly through the house and back out through the sun room , the outdoor eating space , and past the wine store to see the grape vines that i did n't see earlier .
the terrain is certainly hilly , but for as far as the eye can see , it 's covered in perfectly straight lines of grape vines .
heavy purple and green grapes hang from the vines .
* * * i toss crackers and grapes into the basket i ' m putting together for our day out and shake my ass in time with matt nathanson , singing ` ` faster . ''
i make it out of the tent and around the store building , where the hills roll , full of grape vines as far as the eye can see and take a long , deep breath .
` ` i get to crush the grapes with my feet ? ''
a man dumps a bucket of grapes in it and grins at dom .
` ` i ' m going to stomp around in the grapes ? ''
his eyes are full of mischief as he leads me to a bucket of warm water , and helps me rinse off my feet , then holds my hand as i climb in the large tub and step into the grapes .
i begin to walk , scrunching up my nose at the way the grapes squish between my toes .
` ` i ca n't believe you do it this way for all of your wine , '' i say , as i trudge through the grapes .
to her surprise , the item in the package was safe and sound , a pretty , fragile - looking bottle made of swirly grape and turquoise - coloured glass .
and then she stopped rubbing because in a grand poof of grape and turquoise - coloured smoke that shot out of the neck of the bottle , a shape had formed .
he had a bizarre outfit of turquoise and grape with an embroidered grape bolero vest and billowy turquoise trousers .
he had a bizarre outfit of turquoise and grape with an embroidered grape bolero vest and billowy turquoise trousers .
fazire leaned to his left and picked up the dripping wet , sweating glass of sweet , grape - flavoured kool - aid , his most favourite human drink - that was to say , in the summer , he loved becky 's hot chocolate with marshmallow fluff melting on top in the winter .
nate 's eyes moved to fazire who , he should not at that point have been surprised but he was , nate saw was floating and wearing a ridiculous outfit the colours of turquoise and grape , including a fez and curly - toed shoes .
then he lifted his hand and snapped his fingers and in a dramatic poof of swirling grape smoke , fazire appeared not two feet away .
` ` fanta grape .
` ` do you want your pudding and f**kin ' grape soda ? ''
` ` does frankie have any of that diet fanta grape ? ''
hearing godsmack playing low in the kitchen , i got myself a diet fanta grape from the fridge ben had moved in the den .
` ` you get any of that grape soda on my furniture , you 're payin ' for the cleaning . ''
our farm had the four bedroom house and the grape arbor my grandfather put in for my grandmother because she thought it was pretty and she liked to make wine .
smack in the middle of it , there was a yellow farmhouse with white woodwork , a wraparound porch and a red barn with green lawn all around , some graveled drives , a white gazebo with wisteria growing from it , a grape arbor heavy with vines .
the cotton looked almost tie - dyed , all in deep shades of grape , the split at the neckline was embroidered with green , lilac , lavender and blue flowers and there were braided strings hanging down from the top sides of the split , their weight holding it open .
there was silence in the tent and then teetru came forward and placed a plate of cut pears and grapes on the bed between diandra and i just as packa handed us cups of cool water .
we settled lounging on her bed , her girl brought us fruit juice and a platter with slices of cheese and grapes and we chattered away .
tamsin had always had a kitchen full to the brim with food , from grapes , apples and carrot sticks to chocolate covered malt balls and bags of microwave popcorn .
` ` colin is n't anybody 's joke , '' scarlett declared , for the first time giving colin an indication of her blessing and she collapsed on her side and popped a grape in her mouth .
not any of sibyl 's favourite treats that she could n't get in england , like spiced , black corn chips or grape jelly .
` ` where 's the grape jelly ? ''
` ` they do n't have grape jelly here , '' annie explained .
` ` kids love grape jelly , '' mikey said with authority .
` ` american kids like grape jelly , scottish kids like , i do n't know , marmite , '' annie replied as isabella pushed the cart forward .
she paused and then added , ` ` and the grape jelly . ''
` ` grape jelly ? ''
` ` we have grape jelly .
we have grape candies too .
i ' m also enjoying learning about your father and grape jelly . ''
then he let her go , went back to the fridge , bent into it and she watched him pull out the grape jelly .
belle took in a breath for courage and queried , ` ` are you going to try the grape jelly ? ''
` ` grapes are purple , '' she informed him .
` ` grapes are naturally purple .
that , '' he indicated the grape jelly with a jerk of his head , ` ` is not a colour nature intended .
we both ordered the combo platter , which arrived brimming over with rice , baba ghanoush , hummus , fattoush , tabbouleh , stuffed grape leaves , falafel , gyros meat , three kinds of kabobs and pita bread .
jet had given me three kinds of flavored lip gloss ( i 'd made the mistake of telling her about vance 's ` ` you smell of melons and taste of cherries '' comment and she got a bit overexcited ) , bubble gum , grape and of course cherry ( i went with grape for the evening ) .
jet had given me three kinds of flavored lip gloss ( i 'd made the mistake of telling her about vance 's ` ` you smell of melons and taste of cherries '' comment and she got a bit overexcited ) , bubble gum , grape and of course cherry ( i went with grape for the evening ) .
when he quit kissing me , he whispered , ` ` grape , '' against my lips and his eyes looked in mine .
i shot her an embarrassed smile , went directly to the produce section and bought enough grapes , oranges and plums to unconstipate the french foreign legion .
with grape jel y .
` ` it 's not in my job description , '' shirleen replied from her seat behind the reception desk , currently engaged in the difficult task of painting her nails a frosty grape .
duncan threw a grape in his direction .
kessen looked around for food and noticed the ' kidnappers ' had left her a sandwich with grapes and a juice box .
i pulled out some cut up grapes and apples and a few slices of gouda cheese .
heat blasted into my cheeks as i looked down at the container with cheese printed on the front , and the next that read grapes .
` ` so- '' i popped a grape in my mouth .
i popped two more grapes in my mouth just as she asked , ` ` how old are you ? ''
i banged across my chest and reached for the orange juice , already picturing the headline : westinghouse heir slain by grapes .
` ` first off , '' lisa said , holding a grape in the air .
she shrugged one shoulder and popped another grape into her mouth .
` ` more grapes ? ''
mo was sitting on one of the barstools laughing while sergio lifted a grape to her lips .
mo rolled her eyes and took the grape from his hand popping it into her mouth .
she was n't holding your hand jackass , she was reaching for a grape !
` ` me , too , '' della said , then popped a grape into her mouth .
he leaned back in his seat , rolling a grape around on his plate .
with that , she popped a grape into her mouth , then asked mia a question of her own .
making herself focus on the other memories that were coming at her one after the other , she told him , ` ` i used to love to watch the mustard grass bloom in the spring , the grapes growing plump in the summer , the vineyards turning color in the autumn .
the crush was just starting , and the air was perfumed with the scent of grapes .
` ` growing up in italy , the local winery owners would let us in to crush grapes with our feet in barrels .
` ` up for crushing some grapes ? ''
he pointed to a barrel full of grapes .
after she took off her stockings and he rolled up his pants and both of them quickly washed their feet , they got into the barrel , laughing as the grapes squashed beneath their toes .
` ` maybe you should give some thought to convincing grayson to put in some grapes out here , too . ''
sophie took a sip from her glass of sparkling grape juice .
` ` marcus could probably grow apples instead of grapes .
i swear you care more about your damn grapes than you do for me .
you 'll think you 're having a private conversation about grapes or songs or whatever the hell you two talk about and someone will snap a shot that looks like you 're fighting .
except for when we get a bridezilla in , demanding to know why the grapes are n't in fuller bloom for her big day .
the lavender planted in front of the guest house was in full bloom and she could smell it as the sun warmed her and the flowers and the grapes growing on the vines all around the stunning napa valley property .
sissy had particularly liked the ones that were cut and polished to be fruit - green grapes made of jade , purple ones made of amethyst , apples and pears from various shades of quartz .
i picked up a bunch of green plastic grapes .
i threw the grapes , and he caught them against his stomach .
she grinned and popped a grape into her mouth .
zella popped a grape in her mouth and shook her head .
she popped another grape in her mouth .
she snatched the bag of grapes off her tray and shoved it into her bag .
even burning in her throat , she could taste the sweet ripeness of the grapes grown especially on the desert planet .
` ` i ' m sorry , but i think she had sour grapes after your date and has been following you .
` ` shall we bring strawberries or grapes ? ''
you can have some grapes if you 're still hungry . ''
` ` the grapes of wrath . ''
i have some turkey slices and some grapes . ''
i sat back down on the couch and grabbed some grapes .
xavier was kissing me all over and feeding me grapes and strawberries from his mouth .
his lips were sweeter somehow , plump and sweet like ripe grapes .
she 'd only had half a banana and a handful of grapes for breakfast .
when he told them what joanie had to say about vince 's reaction to billy 's death , they interpreted it as sour grapes .
maybe the police had n't bothered to keep her statement since it was so obviously sour grapes .
we bought a whole wheel of brie , a block of cheddar , a bunch of grapes , and tiny , individual quiches that cooked in the oven .
it was n't exactly my dream of canapes , but i figured that once it was all arranged on trays surrounded by grapes , it would look pretty nice .
some of the spires are topped with mounds of rainbow - coloured grapes , while the west side is austere and tormented , drawing the eyes to an emaciated jesus on an iron cross .
who is currently trying to force - feed me grapes .
fresh grapes wait for us on a golden platter , and i lead ares to the nest of pillows .
` ` your eyes are the shade of ripe grapes , '' i said .
a grape flew between her nose and the screen .
seth was throwing grapes in the air and catching them in his mouth .
seth threw a grape at scotty .
scotty picked his grape up off the floor and ate it .
it was full of food ; eggs , pancakes , french toast , sausage , ham , bacon , toast , orange , grape , apple juice and chocolate milk .
` ` elaine , '' she said , pulling out a plastic bag full of grapes ( weight watchers points = 0 ) and digging around for some , ` ` you know what i ' m thinking ? ''
i ' ve lost the same ten pounds just as many times , and i know from the way my mom is staring at those grapes what 's coming .
my mother popped a grape into her mouth and eyed me .
he leaned over and fed me a grape .
we were out of grapes , carrots and buttons , as well as toothbrushes .
she tossed a grape at me .
tall bronze rods topped with beeswax candles burned in the open - air garden , and golden bowls full of fresh - picked grapes , oranges , almonds , and olives sat at the feet of the various statues of the gods there , including dionysus and demeter .
went my pseudo - cinderella moment , and i suddenly felt like a giant grape next to her .
grape vines twisted through the area , winding their way over , around , and sometimes through the thick branches of the olive , orange , and almond trees planted in the black soil there .
olive , almond , and orange trees towered up out of the black soil , while a series of grape vines twisted over and through them all .
` ` he 's always talking about grapes and plants and things like that . ''
i learned that he hated grape jelly .
gobs of flesh lay scattered here and there , some looking like they could possibly be human and others sporting weird bunches of fish bladders strung together like grapes .
delicate frosted spheres , they dangled from the wood like bunches of glowing grapes .
the air smelled of ripened grapes .
some coins , an assortment of beat - up knives , a set of antique glasses , dark red at the bottom and gold - yellow on top , a glass punch bowl with a grape pattern on the side and an odd yellow patina ... this was crap .
doolittle reached into his bag and offered me a choice : grape , watermelon , or orange .
several small clay spheres hung from the staff , suspended by a string like a bunch of grapes .
thin tendrils of crystal , like the curved shoots of a grape vine , hung between the leaves , translucent with light , and between them , on longer gleaming chains , textured crystal spheres , frosted with silver , clinked gently in the light breeze from the open windows .
it was thin , wiry , and covered in purple sunblock from head to toe , as if some giant bubble of grape bubblegum had exploded over it .
the shelves that lined the rest of the room featured a combination of required reading for school- the catcher in the rye , the great gatsby , the grapes of wrath -and an astonishing assortment of books about cartography , geography , and of course the civil war , another peculiar fascination of peter 's .
` ` he 's not my boyfriend , '' emma said without even glancing at peter , who popped a grape into his mouth , completely unbothered .
even when she was old enough to read herself , they still tackled the classics together , moving from anna karenina to pride and prejudice to the grapes of wrath as if traveling across the globe itself , leaving holes in the bookshelves like missing teeth .
or for the gorgeously bare vampire to give her a sensual massage while feeding her peeled grapes .
no wonder the thought of you , grapes , and some scented massage oils crossed my mind - and if you drop that towel again , i ' m going to need a cold shower . ''
it seemed her new body burned through all the sustenance it received from blood without leaving anything left over to keep her from looking like a grape left too long in the sun .
they had been reclining on the loveseat in his studio , their arms and legs intimately entwined ... kyle reached for a bowl of black grapes and offered her one .
` ` you never eat with me , '' he remarked , popping the grape into his mouth .
he ate another grape .
` ` there 's just grape left . ''
` ` they choose apple because no one over the age of eight likes grape juice . ''
it held turkey and grape salad , and i liked it , but i sat there at the table just picking at it with a fork .
bacchus was the god of the grape , of course , so bars are very interesting to maenads .
i got whiffs of grape slushie , chocolate ice cream , numerous brands of sunscreen , and of course , body odor .
even though the sign glows a modern neon , i half expect to see girls in togas , carrying big palm leaves and frigging grapes , wandering around the outside .
there was also a sandwich and a small plate of cheese and grapes .
` ` i 'll share the sandwich , grapes , and cheese . ''
so he chose grapes and cheese to go with his after - dinner coffee .
` ` are those grapes in there ? ''
` ` there was the eyeballs in the grapes , '' mikal said hesitantly .
` ` the spell is n't triggered until someone starts eating the grapes . ''
` ` then some of the grape skins split and the illusion spell makes it look like there are eyes , all bloodshot and oozy . ''
boyo , you may have just ruined your chances of ever seeing another grape in this house , daemon thought .
there was a bowl of grapes on the table behind the sofa .
nothing in that room but a couple of the little , creepy spells , and the bitch had already spoiled one of them by not letting the children eat the grapes .
she saw the other illusions tersa had added - and after watching eyes open up in the grapes , she was very glad she 'd avoided those in the other spooky house .
when he held up the last grape , she stared at it for a moment , then wrinkled her nose and sat back with a contented sigh .
she asked , throwing a grape at jack and hitting him in the mouth .
i 'll kick some ass , '' i snapped , removing the grape and tossing it in my mouth .
i handed him a bottle of merlot and the opener , then grabbed a bunch of grapes from the colander in the fridge .
the brat pack did n't look thrilled at that suggestion - they probably wanted to lie around on the couch and eat grapes like cleopatra while we worked , but they eventually nodded .
after she handed it over , i took a long pull , discovering to my delight that diet grape soda was a refreshing chaser to three pints of human blood .
on my way back to the office catcher shared with jeff christopher - an adorable shifter with mad tech skills and a former crush on me - i passed a large table of fruit : spears of pineapple and red - orange papaya in a watermelon bowl ; blood orange slices dotted with pomegranate seeds ; and a pineapple shell full of blueberries and grapes .
as we walked to the table and took seats of our own , a silver platter ful of food - crusty loaves of bread , piles of grapes , decanters of wine - appeared in the middle of it .
i opted for a grape nearly as big as the plum had been ; smal er fruit , less enchantment by volume , i figured .
and credit where credit was due - it was the best grape i 'd ever eaten .
as sweet as a grape could be , with a flavor that sang of springtime and sunshine and sun - kissed skin .
the grape turned bitter in my mouth .
i pierced a grape , held it up for him .
if i was n't careful , i would be batting my eyes at him and offering to feed him grapes .
but we did get a tour of the rooms where they made and stored the wine , and we got to see the miles and miles of open land where rows and rows of grape vines grew , sun - kissed with the leaves swaying slowly in the warm summer breeze .
greaves held out his palm and a flagon appeared , an ornate ceramic goblet with purple grapes clinging to the sides , a green vine forming the stem and base .
quinlan returned with a beautiful branch of grapes and small , crust - less sandwiches cut into small heart - shapes .
he stared at the barren grape cluster .
easton seemed to have a thing for grape soda , and how could i argue with that ?
plus twizzlers and orange juice and grape soda for me in addition to easton 's .
she did n't want to lie - she did n't want to deny her child before it was even the size of a grape .
the curtain on the window had been there when my parents had moved in back in the eighties , and it was yellow with bunches of grapes on it .
gran dipped her fork back into the inadequate fruit salad and stabbed a grape .
she throws a grape at my head , giggling .
he slathered grape jelly on his biscuit .
blane had trounced hers like grapes in a wine vat , and the product had been beyond bitter .
ginger teased a sugar - glazed grape along his mouth .
she dropped another sweater , purple to match that grape lingerie no doubt .
by the bed , bottled water perched in an ice bucket beside a plate of strawberries and grapes .
thumbing up the edge of the grape kool - aid , he smacked it against his hand idly and hunted for the girl pushing the water cart .
tucking the grape kool - aid pack in his pocket , drew stood , kicked back his chair , more than ready to dump this meal and find his bed .
` ` hey , darce , '' max called , hitching his technicolor swim trunks higher on his hips as he strode toward the kitchenette , ` ` do n't forget to pack some of those juice box things , grape - blaster flavor .
` ` okay , so we should probably order the pizzas now , '' lottie said , taking charge as i popped open a bottle of sparkling grape juice and poured audrey a glass .
mickey o'connor grinned and popped a hothouse grape into his mouth .
michael sat back , a sugared grape in his fingers .
` ` i adore cheese and grapes , the dark , round , red kind of grape that burst in one 's mouth all sweet and juicy .
` ` i adore cheese and grapes , the dark , round , red kind of grape that burst in one 's mouth all sweet and juicy .
do you like grapes ? ''
so she straightened her back and cast her eyes down demurely and said , ` ` i do like grapes , but i think i prefer raspberries .
` ` it 's acidic , tart , with just a tiny bit of sweetness from the grapes . ''
ripe grapes ?
the air in the cellar was damp , the scent of mold and sour grapes permeating it .
and the odor of rotting grapes was beginning to give her a headache .
is sheree tramping the damn grapes herself ?
i tore at the bittersweet and grape vine .
i slipped through the forest , shoving aside bull briar , grape vine , and branches as i made my way to the stream .
after fondling a few apples and bagging three pounds of grapes , janet worked her way to the back of the store where the organic vegetables were kept .
selma tossed a grape in her mouth .
cassy popped a grape in her mouth .
tara picked off a few grapes and popped them in her mouth .
the stuff of granny grapes 's ghost stories .
` ` granny grapes ? ''
were these horrific creatures - which she 'd had no idea existed beyond granny grapes 's imagination until only last night - more common than she could have imagined ?
` ` granny grapes would n't allow me to dwell on it .
she remembered granny grapes 's stories , too .
` ` you were blessed , or cursed , with granny grapes 's sight .
` ` they 're part of granny grapes 's collection .
i wish granny grapes was here to help me understand .
` ` to this day , i ' m unaccountably grateful that it was n't the drawing of grapes that caught my attention first . ''
but even as she spoke , she remembered granny grapes spinning her tales of horror and suspense .
he had pressed granny grapes over and over for stories about the hunting of the humanlike immortals , counting among his heroes a vampir slayer named andreas .
after all , even in granny grapes 's stories , there had been vampirs who did n't mean to hurt people .
she 'd told maia a ridiculous story that they 'd been part of granny grapes 's collection , but maia was no fool .
he 'd lured her in , just like galtier the vampir had done to countless women in granny grapes 's stories .
rather like the types of soil that grow grapes or hops .
he lifts the grape chapstick to his lips .
` ` grape .
he introduced me to a grape flavoured nst , which tasted like red wine - very nice and now officially my favourite .
two red grape flavoured nsts later and i still felt like i 'd spontaneously self - combust any second now .
in the time i 'd taken to sling the bedspread off me , jared had moved with vampire speed to the fridge and back again ; now sitting beside me with a red grape flavoured nst .
i then leaned my back against the bar as if having a brief rest , and kept my gaze forward as i sipped on the red grape nst .
tim ignored me , climbing down my arm to get to my plate where a nice , fat grape waited for him .
tim joined in until he swallowed a piece of grape wrong and started choking .
i ' m not sure which is better , grapes or blackberries .
on the one hand , blackberries are tangier , but they 're so much messier , especially if we 're comparing them to green grapes .
you really ca n't beat the apple though ... '' and on and on it went , keeping me occupied with worry - blocking nonsense until i was actually sitting at the table watching tim wrestle with one of those green grapes he likes so much .
i think it 's the grapes from lunch . ''
` ` this goes well with the grapes . ''
the table was covered by bowls filled with grapes , oranges , pears , nannas and even gishi fruit .
i stand at the breakfast bar watching him as he opens the refrigerator and pulls out a plate of different cheeses with two large bunches of green and red grapes .
i take a small bunch of grapes .
well , it 's been swept under the rug that my inner goddess is lying on , eating grapes and tapping her fingers , waiting not so patiently for sunday .
in the corner was a blanket , a bottle of grape juice , two wine glasses , and courtney 's favorite thing right now , chocolate - covered grapes .
in the corner was a blanket , a bottle of grape juice , two wine glasses , and courtney 's favorite thing right now , chocolate - covered grapes .
we grabbed the blanket , grape juice and grapes , and headed back down the tree house .
we grabbed the blanket , grape juice and grapes , and headed back down the tree house .
i grabbed a handful of grapes and made my way back to the bar and waited .
i just pushed a watermelon out of a hole the size of a grape .
the entire left side of my face looked like someone had smacked me with grape and strawberry jam .
` ` he stays at home and grows grapes . ''
she 'd been telling the truth about the fields and set off into them , admiring the neat rows of grapes that were starting to climb their posts .
trying desperately to block it out , i lifted my paintbrush and was about to attempt some grapes when i heard a click of disapproval beside me .
no , i instantly knew if sydney ever drank , it would be wine , and she 'd be one of those people who could tell you the year , region , and soil components the grapes were grown in , based on a sip alone .
murals on the walls depicted fields of grapes , while the domed ceiling was covered in angels .
grapes retain more sugar the longer they stay on the vine . ''
at this point in the story kizzy 's grandmother used to shiver over her memories and touch her lips , remembering how the crowd of goblins had turned on her , their creature eyes flashing in the gloom as they jumped on her and held her down , mashing grapes and figs against her prim , clenched mouth .
` ` grapes on the vine , lips as sweet as cherries , nectar dark as wine , ripen , sweet fruit , ripen .
karou kept eyeing the grapes , but was afraid of touching them and toppling the whole extravaganza .
karou took some grapes and was glad that the sculpture did n't topple .
top notes of jasmine and nuances of grape .
i pressed gently with my right thumb against the swelling , slightly harder - and the ball popped out of the incision i had made , falling into my left hand like a grape .
perhaps four miles from the ridge , through cold , muddy creeks and up steep slopes , then through a crack in a granite cliff face that made me feel as though i were being entombed alive , only to emerge into a wilderness of jutting boulders , smothered in nets of wild grape .
he could n't have known my first thoughts on waking and seeing him - that sharp , disorienting flash when i had thought he was jamie , remembering so acutely jamie 's flesh and weight and ardor , and so urgently wanted him to be jamie that i had succeeded for an instant in thinking that he was , only to be crushed like a grape at the realization that he was n't , all my soft insides spurting out .
the scent of a stranger she 'd brought jock macleod the traditional hospital present of grapes .
in the late afternoon , his business done for the moment , he returned to the main camp and found rachel standing in line with a number of other women at the well in the yard of the goose and grapes , two buckets resting at her feet .
i tried to squeeze as lightly as i could , but there was no help for it ; a light pressure merely allowed the eyeball to pop out of my fingers like an oiled grape .
there was a tick hanging just under the deer 's glazing eye , round as a tiny muscat grape .
` ` grape or strawberry ? ''
` ` sour grapes , ms . carter .
` ` pure grain , grape pop , and fruit . ''
i spy my glass of grape drink sitting in the cup holder .
when they were five they were raiding their refrigerators , trying to decide between the orange soda and the grape soda .
i was at the supermarket , and i remember clear as anything , i 'd bought a carton of cigarettes for del and two bottles of grape juice .
and again , rolling the silent word around the inside of her head : grapes .
she wondered if they would let her see the grapes again .
` ` ... want to see ... '' the grapes , she was begging .
i just want to see those grapes again .
she should be reclining upstairs consumptively while we select one man at a time to peel her a grape .
an old man walks past with a cane , the tip of his nose the color of red grapes , and all three murmur a greeting .
grapes and plums , stacked high in bowls , dusky and fragrant , their scent filling the air .
i was going to have a mouthful of reblochon , smear it on a hunk of that warm bread , then pop a grape into my mouth .
but frank and john john kept him busy , made sure their father was not alone , set up new projects with this grape and that blend .
nino gaines was built for the outdoors : he had strode up and down the lines of his vines like a colossus , occasionally removing his hat as he stooped to take a closer look at this or that grape , muttering about bloom or acidity .
as the afternoon went on , he sat down and started opening other bottles , discussing region and grape with will , while i wandered up and down looking at the labels , becoming , frankly , a little bored .
` ` tell me you 're on a tropical island , mingling with beautiful male criminals who wear togas and feed you grapes while you lounge in the sun . ''
he takes two grapes from the platter , tossing one into his mouth , and gently slips one between my lips .
after i swallowed half the water i lifted the grape jell - o that was in a syringe - like container .
his head rests on a stone altar , his perfect features set in lines of premature death , a bunch of grapes stuffed into his ruby lipped mouth .
what the female seraph remembers is of no consequence ; sour grapes as far as i m concerned .
the sharp tang of new leather from a clothier 's booth competed with the heady aroma of crushed grapes where winemakers from greenshadow demonstrated their trade .
the smell of grapes , hot and fermenting filled the surrounding area , and i was surprised that so much of the grape crop had survived to reach fruition , despite the climate disruption and lack of irrigation .
the smell of grapes , hot and fermenting filled the surrounding area , and i was surprised that so much of the grape crop had survived to reach fruition , despite the climate disruption and lack of irrigation .
phewy , smell them grapes !
we followed marias advice and trekked out to the middle of our sizable vineyard , the smell of fecund grapes irritating my nostrils .
like the gentleman he was , once we d found a suitable spot , andy went about clearing an area of rotting grapes , insisting that we relax and just keep watch for any disturbances .
he knew it was nt brought on by the imported vintage and poured a brimming refill , hoping that another serving of fermented grape water would recharge his pointless life .
tree frog tea , grapes , almonds , and cheese .
everyone was feted with all the delicacies of greek cuisine : roast lamb , pullets , heaps of grapes , salads full of unidentifiable wild greens , tomatoes , hunks of goat - cheese , jugs of wine , and of course , the ubiquitous ouzo and raki .
shank woke up before dawn , showered , and snacked on grapes and slices of tangerine from a bowl next to the coffee maker .
bender was clad a long silvery robe , and held a bunch of grapes in her hand .
want some grapes ?
nigel looked dumbly at the grapes .
bender plopped a grape right into nigels mouth .
shirley bender dropped to her knees , and nigel swallowed the grape .
after several centi we reached an arched muhrwood door with a gold inlay of the symbol of the arvor monarchy , a gnarled grapevine with five canes bearing leaves and tight clusters of shirnaz grapes .
the sides of the solid gold ring were etched with grape vines .
a purple cluster of grapes set atop the ring .
at each sovereign 's coronation , he would add a grape to the cluster .
i ran my forefinger over the cluster and felt each grape .
as i suspected , the deep purple grapes were sculpted from a rare color of precious opal .
but the sensors can sweep this area and we know its the same as the warren between the hangar and ops , hundreds of rooms connected to the main vein like grapes on a vine .
dook stood under a gazebo covered in grape veins .
we plant wheat to make bread and , with the help of the ever friendly zinodes , put in some grape vines .
' i like to eat grapes and raisins , ' says jesus .
john 's wife , daphne , brings us earl grey tea and scones and we sit in the dappled shade under the grape vines .
they walked quietly among the wild tomato chords and the trailing grape vines , gently pushing clumps of wheat out of the way , scattering the over ripe kernels on the ground .
which type of grapes do you plan on having your slaves feed to you ?
i asked , ignoring the dilemma of the grapes .
people lounged about , fleshy and nude , swigging from goblets and dropping grapes into their mouths .
some grape vine that no man can put their arms around .
gabriel continued , just wanting to pay araklba back a little for the grape vine trip , you know , arak , that picture of the grape vine would have been sufficient for me .
gabriel continued , just wanting to pay araklba back a little for the grape vine trip , you know , arak , that picture of the grape vine would have been sufficient for me .
it is unlucky to climb that mountain without stopping to honor the grape vine , noahs or not .
it was precious , harvested from rare grapes somewhere he forgot and aged in ways he cared little about , and it was dull , lifeless .
the industrial grade linoleum had burst up and outward as though someone popped a grape .
this beta module is no larger than a grape and you wo n't be any more aware of it physically than you are your lymph glands on a good day .
bananas , apples , grapes .
but now , i crave the juice of fermented grapes .
i ran my finger over the sides of the solid - gold ring 's etched grape vines .
i examined the purple cluster of grapes set atop the ring .
i felt each grape .
as i 'd suspected , the deep purple grapes were sculpted from a rare color of precious opal .
the only thing i could think of was that at least one of the grapes on the ring 's cluster was a different type of opal that could transmit a further distance .
tomorrow , i 'd have to convince sini to let me examine the ring 's cluster , grape by grape .
tomorrow , i 'd have to convince sini to let me examine the ring 's cluster , grape by grape .
` ` when i inspected the ring before , i examined several of the grape inserts closely .
the other grapes looked the same , so i assumed they were precious opal too .
i inspected every grape on the golden vine ring 's cluster , and each was composed of the same precious opal stone .
` ` do you know which grape your father inserted on the cluster ? ''
mom touched one of the grapes with her forefinger .
` ` your father 's grape is the icon that opens the portal . ''
she turned her hand so that the ring 's grape cluster pointed towards the wall where mhikhel 's portrait hung .
` ` you have to be careful only to tap your father 's grape . ''
i slouched over my desk reading a tedious report on the sugar levels in the grape crop when kwenerra burst into my chamber .
it never ceased to amaze me how grapes could create such a mlange of complex aromas and tastes .
this left a peach and some grapes untouched on her plate .
chlorien could see grape vines stretch into the distance on either side of the road , but , again , interspersed with old gnarled black - trunked trees .
to help meet the demand , some maize elds were being turned into grape vineyards .
rosa had collected it in a canning jar , and jorge had packed several soft drinks and a bottle of grape juice he d found in the pantry .
jugs and bottles were slammed onto the table , and they were filled with grapes floating on amber mead , frothy cold drinks , coffee thick with gritty cocoa sludge , and chilled water served with chunks of red melon and crushed lemons .
the blue sphere the size of a grape doubled with each contraction of the heart till it engulfed the muscle , and the ult l - e dissipated as her pupils dilated , making them appear black as ink .
` ` today we 're trying pears , peaches , pineapples , and grapes .
they look like grapes . ''
everything else got spat out , except the possible grapes , which she would n't even try .
she knew then bad grapes were on the vine .
jim wanted simons neck for just a few seconds to squeeze like a ripe grape .
asked jack as he flipped a grape into his mouth effortlessly .
smells goodtime grape soda machines and a tv set up in the front .
if they give you lemons , learn how to sell them as grapes .
i once had a whole grape stole by some jim - kin , not good , hurt , hurt real bad .
marlon drank his wine like he picked the grapes himself .
chapter 6 living grape living grape was completely cast and shooting started on time .
chapter 6 living grape living grape was completely cast and shooting started on time .
you are the peanut butter to my grape jelly .
the perky brunette returned to the booth and set the tumbler of gin and grape juice in front of the sam spade clone .
try it with the berry grapes .
obediently , i dipped a grape into a swirl of red sauce as hallain said , tell us about the religion of your world , kevin .
i struggled to speak against the tang of the grape that was pinching my mouth .
quickly , i rinsed down the grape with a sweet wash of coca tea .
when i arrived back home about a hour later , drenched in sweat from running from the hellhounds , i went in to explain to maryann , my foster mom , that i did nt mean what i d written in the note and that i d also like some more grape kool - aid .
the space chicken and michael rowland daffodil had a grand compilation of fruits : slices of oranges , apples and pears , some grapes and grapefruits , a lot of peaches , apricots and mangoes , melons of all different shapes , sizes and colours and the finest plums , cherries , berries and strawberries you can think of .
standing in her doorway , looking like the grape cluster from the fruit of the loom commercials , was jeann .
mangos , bananas , pears , strawberries , grapes and apples : shed never forgotten those tastes , not even after years of synthetic diluting .
a good man , essentially , with one weakness , the grape .
maybe it was just too much of the grape .
` ` holy father , the grape has not touched these lips since florence , '' agistino said crossing himself twice .
a sick wife and a daughter , and me ill from the grape .
johnny recognized rhododendron , vine maples , huckleberry , and oregon grape vines , all displaying colorful spring finery , mostly in the form of delicate white or yellow blossoms around which flying insects swarmed .
fermented grapes .
some of the boys wanted to try their hand at growing grapes and making wine .
but she had drunk only four cups of coffee and ate only one bag of grapes and half again that of chocolate , just enough to get to the office , a block away now .
i like how they blended three types of grapes .
` ` my brother and his crews finally got some vineyards that are bearing quite a few grapes .
it 's the craziest set up you ' ve ever seen , because they had to try to make it look like wild grapes somehow got growing here and there .
what they heard back when we were still getting reports is that one of the topside pilots noticed it on a supply run , and reported it , and so now greenley is getting much praise for creating an environment where grapes grow of their own accord in semi - desert areas .
i grabbed a few grapes and plopped them in my mouth .
i almost choked on a grape .
hmm ... gorky grunted , if he tries something , ill pop his head like a grape .
i think its dinner i have chocolate covered donuts and grape soda .
they sits in the car pulling up by the house as the creature pounced on julio with its front claws and squashed him like a grape , splattering his insides all over the field and the others began to run , but the creature flew up and swooped down in an instant grabbing one with its beak and piercing the warriors heart .
wheels and wedges of cheese were draped with bunches of grapes .
i tasted truth like the juice of the white grape .
there is a taste to your touch- you are not quite like grape .
then arek left and returned five minutes later with a tray full of breakfast items : two pastries , a banana , grapes , cinnamon bread , toast , and water .
there was a goofy glass in the refrigerator that once held grape jelly but now was empty and served as a glass holder for two spoons .
instead of the gear bag with the beach towels and her swimsuit , dorina packed a picnic basket with grapes and fixings for swiss cheese sandwiches .
mitch dropped grapes into his mouth and munched on them while looking at the maps quizzically .
they did most of the talking as she listened , munching on grapes , keeping the better part of her mind active on the story she would give vic that would enable her to leave for the afternoon .
and i did nt eat or drink anything today except six pots of coffee , an awful grape - flavored power bar , and a burrito .
lines of plastic black grapes adorned the wall .
why trust the rest when were the best , she smiled it was a dark grin , concealed and coloured like the shadows of the fake grapes strung down the stairwell .
people gathered around the chocolate fountain surrounded by pyramids of strawberries , grapes , and mini cupcakes .
he took a bite of a grape - like fruit , then slid the plate through the shield .
the hand grabbed the cluster of grape - like fruit and started to lift it to the creature 's mouth .
can you imagine how hard it is mr goodridge , watching a girl who has sat diligently in your class for the last past three years , idolising your teaching , wanting to be just like you , regarding you as her mentor , be flattened by a rock , and the last thing you see is her skull pop like a grape !
you would like the entire bottle of grape fiss .
the entire bottle of grape fiss !
a glass , you , along with the entire bottle of grape fiss .
that cute visual is difficult to properly see with my petite feet , long legs , narrow thighs , tiny waist , small chest , and long arms in this peacock shaped dress which happens to be decorated with a grape fiss apron .
i stand when the excess grape fiss hits the floor .
the visitors , who sat on the sofas , were served grapes and cooked bananas and peeled - and - hewed apples and sparkling wine and some puny - loafed bread called mabwe .
on a veneered table , beside a bowl of fresh purple grapes , a bright red telephone rang , the vibration of it making the curled cord that connected its two parts bristle .
what the machine gave in quick succession was , i remember , the speckled pattern of the carpet renovated by the return to the pre - hanna years , the fold of a curtain , a dragons head on a chinese vase , a big oval mirror pivoted to a wooden stand , ceiling - cornices , the fluted leg of a chair ( i must stop ) an electrical outlet , certain keys of a piano i must nt enumerate , the cross of window - panes , a dish of fruit on the table : three mottled bananas , four apples , two oranges , a bunch of grapes , how many grapes ?
what the machine gave in quick succession was , i remember , the speckled pattern of the carpet renovated by the return to the pre - hanna years , the fold of a curtain , a dragons head on a chinese vase , a big oval mirror pivoted to a wooden stand , ceiling - cornices , the fluted leg of a chair ( i must stop ) an electrical outlet , certain keys of a piano i must nt enumerate , the cross of window - panes , a dish of fruit on the table : three mottled bananas , four apples , two oranges , a bunch of grapes , how many grapes ?
at this point i was ready to drink whatever vile grape mash they carried .
there s no sense congratulating ourselves here in the parking lot when i ve got a bottle of pinot noir whose grapes have nt even been grown yet for us to enjoy .
occasionally she used green - wood sticks to skillfully pluck a grape - fruit - sized hot rock from one of the fires , rinse the ashes off of the rock with a splash of water , then artfully drop the stone into a big water - tight basket containing a thick porridge that jack had identified as mush .
this fight has gone on for too long , it is hard to still feel the same sour grapes , as your kind would say .
its a trap , olivia says , popping a genetically engineered grape into her mouth .
everyone was suddenly provided with meats and delicacies saved for special occasions , and even wines from another world - specifically malbec - a red wine from a variety of grape made famous in argentina of old - earth , and reinstated on the european continent of its origin some centuries later .
she made a mental note to call the restaurant ahead of time to make sure that the stuffed grape leaves that nell loved were on the menu that day and were freshly made .
harrison turned around and first looked at abby , then at the plate full of grapes she had placed next to the electric candle on the small table between their lawn chairs .
where the hell did you get grapes this time of the year ?
abby smiled and sat down in her chair , picking a grape from the plate and popping it in her mouth .
harrison frowned and picked another grape from the lavish cluster .
harrison sighed and popped the grape in his mouth .
officially , i have no idea where these grapes came from .
he had another grape .
now they re looking for grapes and honey because were in a fucking trade war with half the world , and the food we are allowed to eat has become a matter of national security .
those grapes would have been destroyed if hank had nt brought them home .
its a complete perversion of the course of justice , and nobody cares because everyone wants cheap grapes .
if you do nt want those grapes she pulled the plate over to her side of the table .
harrison had another grape .
oh , grapes !
oh , grapes indeed , harrison said , and if you touch them , ill break your fingers one by one .
connor leaned across and plucked a handful of grapes from the already decimated cluster .
that s it , harrison said , staring at his son as he popped a grape in his mouth .
how can we afford grapes like these ?
connor popped another grape .
the radiation , meitner continued , had a curious effect on californian grapes : it killed off about half of them , and most of those that did nt die were left to rot on the vines because there were nt enough workers to pick them .
so only a tiny amount of the grapes that survived the burst were made into wine , but they turned out to be some of the best wines ever made .
santa rosa is to the left ; they grow really great grapes on those mountain slopes .
we do n't grow any grapes .
various other farm products , but no grapes . ''
nimmo was eating seedless grapes , popping them into his mouth one at a time .
he tossed a bunch to foster who caught them by a hair , then bent to retrieve individual grapes that had torn loose and fallen to the floor .
nimmo leaned back , chewing at a grape thoughtfully .
you ca n't push the chicken back into the egg , wine back into the grape , the boy back into the womb .
aurora 's grape juice is considered superior throughout the worlds , generally .
` ` i 'll try your grape juice . ''
when the desert came , she told him , grapes , their taproots down several hundred meters , probably would be the last to go .
dark red grape juice to drink .
these southern slopes were planted to grapes , crests and colder northern faces reserved for orchards .
` ` it 's from a planet i ' m sure you ' ve never heard of but where we have concentrated the required elements to produce the perfect golden grape for the perfect golden wine . ''
she actually became irritable when she appeared at the breakfast table and found that instead of grape juice and toast and coffee and applesauce i had prepared bacon and eggs or hash and eggs and cereal and rolls .
i dug out a worn but mostly clean blanket that i kept in the trunk to cover the short - barreled shotgun i stored in the event that i would ever need to give napoleon 's charging hordes a taste of the grape .
maybe i could trade them for wine ; they grow grapes up there , i understand , like they used to . ''
in the bible 's canaan , there were supposed to be grapes so big that men had to carry them on sledges .
cuthbert and the others were gone , all of them gone : randolph , jamie de curry , aileen , susan , marten ( yes , they had dragged him down , and there had been gunplay , and even that grape had been bitter ) .
she 'd prepared satchels with bread and grapes and dressed them in clothes she said belonged to her nephew .
` ` as much as it 'd be fun to hold your head out there and watch it get squeezed like a grape , i think i 'd rather take a little more time . ''
he found some cheese sticks and grapes and divvied them up , then practically shoved his portion down his throat before drinking a full bottle of juice .
it 's buttered toast with grape jelly .
incense for scent and fresh grapes for taste .
yes , you can pluck grapes right off the vine and peaches from the bough .
i spoke the truth - have n't had this vintage in years - made from grapes , raisins , peach , apricot , and underlaid with eucalyptus .
if nicodemus had brought only his fellow denarians along , there would have been nothing but the footprints of cloven hooves and giant mantises and grape apes and whatnot in the snow of the island .
the eyelid was gone , the blue eye itself sliced open at the front , deflated like the skin of a grape pressed for wine .
they were comfortable upon the table beside my half - consumed tray of grapes .
your ribs crack like twigs , your heart is smashed like a grape .
there are no blackberries in hawaiian fluff , of course , and they have the last of the welch 's grape juice to go with it instead of tea , but mrs . greta shaw says it is the thought that counts .
mordred popped it like a grape but did not swallow ; rather he let die delicious slime trickle down his throat .
mordred eats it like a grape , then turns back to where the white light of the gas - lanterns spills around the corners of the blanket roland has hung across the cave 's mouth .
i hold the tower - eeeeeeee ! -i ' m like the dog with the grapes , roland !
huckleberry finn or the grapes of wrath ?
` ` you islanders have mastered the grape , '' gallow said .
` ` the grape needs weather , '' keel said , ` ` not racks of lamps .
that 's why each season has its own distinct flavor - you taste the story of the grape .
formaldehyde is an accurate summation of conditions down under , from the grape 's point of view . ''
the left one had split like a squeezed grape when tak invaded his mind and stole most of it - the useful part - but he could still see a little out of the right one .
it 's a hungarian grape .
` ` ... to find out the truth , '' the merlin was saying as he loaded up a plate with tiny sandwiches and wedges of cheese and fresh green grapes .
a singed , dehydrated heap of bones lay at one end of the casket , culminating in a paper - like skull that leered up at him , the eyes recessed like dried grapes .
he took a handful of grapes from a servant 's tray , still trying to dismiss his dream 's disturbing images .
` ` and whoever certain is , i doubt we should have a war for him , '' lightsong said idly , inspecting a grape .
` ` medium rare on a bed of sweet - potato medallions , '' he said , popping a grape in his mouth .
she narrowed her eyes , absently reaching to take one of the grapes from lightsong 's hand .
lightsong popped another grape in his mouth , squishing it between his teeth , feeling the sweet juice leak onto his palate .
blushweaver stole another grape .
blushweaver rolled her grape between her fingers .
` ` not exactly a sign of mental stability , in my opinion , '' lightsong said , waving for some more grapes .
heritage which would give them a claim to rule , siri thought , idly slipping a sliced grape into her mouth .
` ` maybe we should be hoping for old susebron to pass , my queen , '' lightsong said idly , picking at the grapes .
after the grapes , it tasted a little sour .
` ` what a delightful afternoon it 's becoming , '' lightsong said , reaching for a handful of grapes as the priestess rushed after the squirrel .
the last of the white grapes are harvested in me , and the bulk of the reds : i appreciate fine wines , the aroma , the taste , the aftertaste as well .
it is all a matter of the type of grape and the place it was grown .
this kind of grape , alas , perished when the vineyard vanished beneath the waves . ''
they passed a line of roadside stands , sheltered under palm trees , selling dates , coconuts , and grapes .
i know how you like a bit of the grape .
he nursed a chilled glass of grape brandy , called raki .
breakfast was a bar of pressed yeast and grape sweetener .
each of her eleven young soldiers came up to her makeshift table , took a bulb of grape juice and a wafer , and returned to their prior position floating nearby .
she had a sudden vision of jesus , who 'd asked his disciples to keep doing this in remembrance of him , watching her little congregation as they floated in microgravity and drank reconstituted grape beverage out of suction bulbs .
kendra plucked a grape and popped it in her mouth .
newel verified , tossing a grape into the air and catching it in his mouth .
you should slow down on the grapes , you 'll spoil your appetite . ''
` ` peeled grapes , '' rex revealed .
with the flair of a stage magician , verl whisked the fabric away , unveiling a statue of kendra wearing a toga and holding aloft a cluster of grapes .
why grapes and a toga ? ''
but then the fluid tasted like citrus juice , and honey , and saltwater , and grape juice , and milk , and raw eggs , and apple juice , and cream of wheat , and carrot juice -- all those flavors at once but somehow separate and distinct .
she smelled plowed fields , damp grass , ripe grapes , and pungent herbs .
then they swell to the size of a grape .
one fairy gathered bubbles until she had assembled a bouquet that resembled a bunch of multicolored grapes .
when he leaned forward , the inside front of the desk pressed into his gut ; i was left with the impression of a grape being squeezed from the bottom .
the tavern to which kheral 's spy took me was decidedly shabby , and it was identified by a crude sign that supposedly represented a cluster of grapes .
a crude sign depicting a bunch of grapes hung from a rusty hook just over the door , and a pair of burly loafers sprawled on the doorstep drinking ale from battered tankards .
he wore a yellow robe and he was eating grapes as they entered , carefully selecting them one by one and then languidly raising them to his lips .
jaharb set aside his bowl of grapes and leaned forward , resting his elbows on his knees and looking at them intently with his smoky , penetrating eyes .
he turned back to his bowl of grapes .
it 's got a sign that 's supposed to look like a bunch of grapes .
` ` arcium 's hip - deep in red grapes .
the soil hereabouts is n't much good for anything but raising grapes . '
silk jerked his head toward a large , low building with a crude painting of a cluster of grapes on a sign banging in the breeze by the double doors at the front .
he lounged in a heavy chair beneath a budding grape arbor , feeding small seeds to a bright canary perched on the arm of his chair .
` ` i ' ve enough for us both , '' wolf assured him , stopping their horse before a large , low building with a sign bearing a picture of a cluster of grapes hanging just above its door .
garion , still loitering behind , saw two men entering a wide door beneath a crude sign depicting a cluster of grapes .
the twins ser horas and ser hobber , whose shields displayed the grape cluster sigil of the redwynes , burgundy on blue .
the shields displayed outside each tent heralded its occupant : the silver eagle of seagard , bryce caron 's field of nightingales , a cluster of grapes for the redwynes , brindled boar , red ox , burning tree , white ram , triple spiral , purple unicorn , dancing maiden , blackadder , twin towers , horned owl , and last the pure white blazons of the kingsguard , shining like the dawn .
burned into the wood was a cluster of grapes .
his lance was striped in the same colors , and his shield bore the grape cluster sigil of his house .
this evening they had supped on oxtail soup , summer greens tossed with pecans , grapes , red fennel , and crumbled cheese , hot crab pie , spiced squash , and quails drowned in butter .
` ` i hear the grapes singing on my tongue . ''
tell the grapes to keep still , my head is about to split .
across the noisy common room , salladhor saan sat eating grapes from a wooden bowl .
eat a grape .
he seemed utterly unconcerned that someone might overhear him , eating his grapes and dribbling the seeds out onto his lip , flicking them off with a finger .
are you sure you will not have a grape ?
he dangled the grapes before davos and smiled .
he plucked a grape , and squeezed it between thumb and forefinger until the skin burst .
he popped a grape into his mouth .
even these grapes could be no more ripe than that city , my old friend . ''
` ` being a hero , it was not for him to shrug and go in search of excellent grapes such as these , so again he began .
salladhor saan finished the last grape and smacked his lips .
these grapes have given me a hunger , and dinner awaits on my valyrian .
aggo showed her a courtyard overgrown with twisting vines and tiny green grapes , and jhogo discovered a well where the water was pure and cold .
the banners must have been bright , the golden rose and golden lion and all the others , the marbrand tree and the rowan , tarly 's huntsman and redwyne 's grapes and lady oakheart 's leaf .
i think i may drink some of lord redwyne 's grape juice after all . ''
there were apples and pears and pomegranates , some sad - looking grapes , a huge blood orange .
the gout had swollen and reddened his joints grotesquely ; his left knee was an apple , his right a melon , and his toes had turned to dark red grapes , so ripe it seemed as though a touch would burst them .
hunter 's cheeks and nose were red as apples , which bespoke a certain fondness for the grape .
i would bring them dragons , and they shout out for grapes . ''
` ` grapes are real .
a man can gorge himself on grapes .
the grapes are small and tart , but make a drinkable wine .
with it were grape leaves stuffed with a melange of raisins , onions , mushrooms , and fiery dragon peppers .
when it was time to dress , she chose a simple gown of ivory linen , with vines and purple grapes embroidered around the sleeves and bodice .
the small pale yellow grapes native to these regions produced a notably inferior vintage .
think of them as thin - skinned grapes , lad .
` ` our stores are ample for the moment , '' he reminded her , ` ` and your grace has planted beans and grapes and wheat .
she found strong belwas eating grapes , as barristan selmy watched a stableboy cinch the girth on his dapple grey .
it 's cheap stuff , probably made from those bland sea grapes that grow in ocean water .
` ` is supposed to taste like grape juice ? ''
the cutter came abreast of the merchant and fired five cannons loaded with grape .
if christian left , curly would have all the other kids feeding him grapes and rubbing his feet within a week .
` ` the grapes of wrath .
there a table in front of them with heaps of grapes , strawberries , apples , cherries and other fruits placed on golden plates .
she dutifully took a grape .
stacy offered her some grapes , but the younger girl shook her head .
ming spends his money on importing bottles of red and white wine from a product , growth from red and white fruit grapes inside a couple of the western ecospheres .
i giggle and arch my grape jelly - covered hand for fun .
dirks lounges the oversized throne chair , sipping on fiss colored purples since i like the beverage and sniff the grapes and sugar and long for me .
this is not good he eats one of the grapes from my plate .
i heard it through the grape vine .. dum da dum dum garrison frowns with twisted lips , ugly at nia then neck snaps his skull , updating and nods his skull at me .
dallas concludes then nosily slurps the grape juice bottle then wrinkles his nose like a puppy dog and closes the cap .
she spreads her knife of grape jam on the toast , eating half of it .
she reached out , plucked a ripe , red grape and popped it into her mouth .
he put anything that might spoil soon on one side , like the apple core and a small bunch of grapes .
torus started rummaging through mr . niles supplies to find something better and came back carrying a small steel ball the size of a grape .
there were long tables with flowing linen cloth covering them and old wooden benches where students sat talking and eating grapes and other fruits .
in a matter of seconds they re on the outskirts of the city , as the world returns to normal the first thing he ca nt help but notice is a giant hammock swinging in front a little ways from the city with a young man leisurely eating grapes and drinking from a flask .
raising an eyebrow while staring past him at the boar the young man simply shrugs his shoulders in response before going back to his grapes and flask .
stunned vasos looks around expecting to see one of the gods but instead sees sander stumbling towards them i could forgive the fact that you woke me up , i can forgive my grapes being destroyed and i can even forgive the fact that you tried to kill me but making me lose my flask , that s where i draw the line !
erupting from the ground silently dozens of grape vines wrap around sander locking him in place .
the ground splits , pulled apart by thousands of grape vines reveling sevrrir limp body already unconscious from the lack of air , in seconds the vines wrap around him and pull him to sanders side who instantly rises into the air on the vines high above the whole group in relative safety .
od is lazily laying underneath a tree eating some grapes and drinking some wine .
wagging his finger , he summoned the wench holding his grapes .
aesops fable of the fox and the sour grapes teaches a moral truism .
no one believes there was a fox who wanted grapes .
i ve got wine , cheese , grapes , and crackers .
apples , plums and even a few grape vines graced the open land surrounded by the forest in the distance .
vanora gobbled up a pile of grapes and drank two big glasses of nectar .
there s a vineyard where we would squeeze grapes to make wine , and play hide - and - seek .
he spoke quietly to the servant girls who were busy stomping away on the ripe grapes in other vats and , in his polite way , criticized their technique and offered to demonstrate the correct method .
some of the homeowners , like mrs . mazzilli , maintain flower and vegetable gardens beyond the concrete , including a couple of impressive ones with herbs , fig trees , and vines loaded with berries , grapes , and string beans .
well , i do nt think reds a euell gibbons and grape nuts kind of guy .
our glasses bend inwards pouring sweet purple grape fruit juice over five finger pads as we giggle like two kiddies at playground recess .
i down the drink in three gulps , tasting cold sweet grape juice .
if the air speed , gravity well , altitude , and magnetic pull is not in the correct vector , the box will land with a thump , breaking all the bottles of expensive white grapes .
good luck , rita , whispering for my eardrums , only while the business associates carefully load a black case containing twenty bottles of expensive soured grapes , champagne .
i do nt like sour grapes , so i do nt drink sour liquids .
oh , will said before i could answer , and pulled out a bowl of grapes .
he held the plate out with the violet colored grapes that swirled with blue hues , almost like it was iridescent .
i took another grape and shoved it in my mouth .
it was full of fresh fruit ; bananas , pears , apples , and grapes .
she nibbled grapes idly for a while as she pondered .
i guess at this point it does nt really matter ; meeting my parents for the first time , he s entitled to a few sour grapes .
except we prefer the grape juice fake champagne .
maybeive got some grape flavored drinks back at my place .
while the slab of beef sizzled in the microwave , she buttered up a slice of store - brand bread and poured herself a glass of grape juice from a can , or as she referred to it welfare champagne .
water , soda , or welf -- she caught herself , grape juice ?
lots of em said they worked in the fields pickin fruits , veggies , and grapes all day long .
so , they are passing the grape juice around and owen stands up in the pew and almost screams , are you feeling better mom ?
then he screams , everybody is taking the same medicine , so i wan na know if you feel better , he thought the grape juice was little cups of medicine !
the grapes were like explosions of wonderful as she popped them into her mouth and bit down .
she fished through the backpack for more grapes and then , carrying a bunch , walked across the sand to join brock in the sea .
she popped a grape into her mouth .
he stole a grape from the bunch and popped it into his mouth with a wink .
they also ate some of the grapes , but would reserve the majority of them as well .
back straight , i narrowed my eyes to scan the little grapes on the bushes .
it made him happy to tell me all about the different types of grapes and how the geographical location affected the taste of the wine later .
from these vines came grapes , purple and plump .
the grape tasted sweet .
its jam , made from grapes , not to worry .
chapter 10 - up with people the backstage of the auditorium smells like a rabbit cage and musty grapes .
grapes , oranges , bananas .
seth choked on a grape he d just tossed into his mouth .
that being as far as she was willing to go , she shoveled some salad and grapes onto her plate , and sat down across from aiden in the dining area of the hall .
she grabbed the green grapes that mam had paid a fortune for and led me off into the ward .
blod pushed the grapes at me , which i barely caught without dropping my crutches , then rushed to sit beside him on his bed and threw her arms almost violently around his neck .
i ambled over and dumped the doctors grapes on his bedside table , waiting until blod released him from her grip .
the next day the blisters looked more like clusters of grapes .
unfortunately the first thing she noticed was that i did not , in fact , order coffee , but rather a grape soda .
that people talk about while drinking coffee and grape soda .
so i slurped my grape soda in silence and tried to think of something to say .
it has all my favorites grapes , strawberries , and blueberries .
bending a banana or crushing a grape was nt exactly the worlds strongest man .
she grabbed some grapes and a banana .
she snatched up a grape , popped it into her mouth and flung herself back onto the bed .
she picked up another grape , only to look at it in disgust and toss it toward the hearth .
the pants were a deep purple , like grape juice .
in the middle of the table there was a bowl of grapes , a bowl of mixed nuts , a plate of carrot sticks , and a bowl of gummy worms .
well , sami , she said , for each animal cracker you eat you must also eat a grape and a nut .
where to begin was a big decision for sami , so she thought for a moment while brian took a grape and selected a nut .
a little later , he comes back with a tray of food soup and bread , some blackberries and grapes , and a cup of coffee .
the night god grabbed the saint by his head , as if it were a grape , and raised his broken body high above the fallen resistance .
and desiree would like grape soda , as usual , said mandy , ignoring dizzies comment .
and yes , i would like grape soda , please !
she asked , taking another huge swig of grape soda and then sticking out her tongue .
i could see greenhouses full of tomatoes and cucumbers , there were grapes and plums .
it was probably mostly just sour grapes from those who did n't like his political ideology .
when i would eat , it would be something like chocolate chips melted in a tortilla or a bag of grapes .
my first is in grape but not in pear my second is in pine but not in oat my third is in under but not in tree my fourth is in home but not in crib my fifth is in angel but not in vein my sixth is in eel but not in fire he read it carefully once .
were reading the grapes of wrath , by john steinbeck .
max stares at the copy of the grapes of wrath he placed on the lunch table .
or how about a nice bunch of grapes ?
the fingertips , where he d dug in hardest , looked like a cluster of purple grapes .
it tasted strong , acidic grape juice mixed with forbidden fruit .
i gratefully grabbed some grapes and shoved them into my mouth .
spill it , i commanded of avalon , giving him a sideways glance before reaching for some more grapes .
if that is nt enough food for a growing teenager then there s a side plate filled with delicious looking fruit salad consisting of sliced strawberries , orange slices , grapes , apples , walnuts all mixed together as my tummy grumbles for food as beck quickly gobbles down one chicken breast , two thigh legs , and two drums sticks while polishing off the entire pile of mashed potatoes .
i mentally think when i marry the perfect guy that i plan to have three little brats running around the carpet messing up the living room with all their dangerous toys while i wipe their precious noses of snot and their pink lips of fresh grape juice .
he slides the bowl of fruit that contains whole green grapes , slices of strawberries , and apples as i chow down with my right finger pads .
daddy compliments patting my left hand as i pop a grape into my mouth with my right two finger pads .
i eat a grape and chew .
i eat two grapes and chew looking at daddy .
sos your to stay the evening with the warfields ill contact annabelle for her permission , words mama softly hugging her hot beverage in the coffee cup as i eat a grape , chew real fast and .
he continues to tear and touch the food menu words when the platter is filled with sausage links , muffins , fruit , and donuts with two goblets of grape juice plus ice cubes .
he was eating grapes .
my eyes were as compressed as empty grapes , my lower lip nearly bleeding .
a song for the old oak , that solitary , ancient tree , stuck in the middle of miles of empty , rolling hills and short , twisted grape vines , a modern town of wood and stone its only company , a song for the old oak would have to be slow , mellow , in a minor scale .
last year , she had me read the grapes of wrath and forced me to write a five page essay , carmen says .
gwens eyes went very wide and brandel choked on the grape he was eating .
the bones popped like a grape , and her lovely blood flooded down my esophagus .
the third was a more americanized feast of dates , grapes , melon and a dish of vanilla yogurt with three silver dollar pancakes oozing golden maple down their sides .
a table at ems side held a tankard as well as a silver platter of cheese and grapes .
em had pulled back the curtain and lay sprawled on the central sofa , a bowl of grapes by her head , lazily reading a scroll .
kay grabbed a grape and popped it into her mouth .
the bounty of harvest , the grape - vine wreaths , the lush fruit wines , the rich honey .
there was this time - kay threw a grape at the curtain , shushing her .
martin beats johnny to the desk next to jennifer , but their instructor has them rearrange desks into circles for group discussions on the novel the grapes of wrath by john steinbeck .
ice opened the refrigerator and found the butter but left the jelly behind since it was grape .
its a trap , says olivia , popping a genetically engineered grape into her mouth .
i think my breakfast grape juice fermented .
she ducked , but her hair - snakes appeared to be gobbling these ethereal grapes with eagerness and soon , her mind was invigorated with sensations and memories , not her own , but apparently mothers .
grape jelly .
we were eating rice mixed with chili soup and cold juice taken straight from the fridge and grapes and scones and chicken .
she nibbled on pretzels or grapes between speaking to the students who were first curious , then dubious , then slightly interested .
in return , my father took the jar of grape seed oil beside him and poured some over winds head .
sometimes , the festival started with contests of who had grown the biggest grapes .
baskets of grapes would be placed inside a large wooden basin that everyone referred to as the pool .
and there , we would see the grape extract , a liquid of purple haze .
like the grapes that are now wine , so have you aged .
his power would not compromise grape picking , and that was the only job he ever had .
i told my father that i would go to the other portion of the vineyard where i spotted fewer grape - pickers , which meant that its a chance for me to fill more baskets with grapes .
i told my father that i would go to the other portion of the vineyard where i spotted fewer grape - pickers , which meant that its a chance for me to fill more baskets with grapes .
in a span of minutes , i could swear the leaves became greener than when we first started picking out the grapes .
the crowd around us cheered because they knew that with my strength in power , i could make the vineyard flourish , which only meant that there would be more grapes to pick more coins for all of them .
they were busily picking out grapes again as though nothing of real significance happened earlier .
* * * grapes .
and more grapes .
my husband gave me a basket , and he showed me how to pick out the grapes .
i had to sit on the ground often , and my husband put grapes in my basket to make it look as though i was nt dallying .
the big wooden basin is already setup on the right of the presentation stage and there were several men pouring grapes to the basin .
fourteen scantily clothed women entered the wooden basin to dance atop the grapes so that their feet could crush the fruits .
the only thing that changed in the crushing of the grapes is the womens dresses .
he used to be a grape - picker , but he rose to power after he was married to lamare amark .
the flavor is like a mixture of grapes and honey , leaving a subtle trace of sweetness on those soft lips .
nick saw a small rodent scurry between two wild grape vines .
a few more seconds at this rate and he d be tasting those grapes , unless he was dead , which was very , very likely .
a dozen brisk steps to her left took her to the door of the grapes just as it was being unlocked .
gerald only lived two streets away , midway between the grapes and virginias flat , in a place much like hers but rather more comfortable .
yeah , so if you could locate her with your mind grapes or whatever , i would really love to get in touch with her , i said .
he pops a grape into his mouth , the juice squirting out as he bites down on it .
he pops another grape in and chomps on it with his mouth open , the smacking sound unbearably irritating .
nicholas takes the seat next to mine and nods to the grape guy .
you can make wine from grapes , but ya need wine to make brandy , susan explained .
he was particularly enjoying these fruit that reminded him of grapes , only harder , and larger .
the rest of the dinner followed suit with the grape incident , which , thomas was to later learn was called a ' seta fruit ' .
other than that bit with the grape and tretchbolt argnot .
as we turned the corner of the massive rock , there was a white blanket with a clay bowl on the side , filled with grapes , pomegranates , figs and plums .
i shoved a grape into his mouth to try and lighten the mood , and we both keeled over with laughter .
we have wine , beer and grape juice for refreshments .
as i walked into my home , i was immersed in the aroma of stuffed grape leaves and my moms homemade cheese bread .
in the bowl were overflowing real green , red and purple grapes .
ceramic deep green colored plates with designs of grapes sat above the placemats .
its stuffed grape leaves and veggies .
each plate had stuffed grape leaves , onions , cabbage , zucchini , hot peppers and a side salad .
i bit into a grape leaf right away and savored the flavor of the scrumptious rice and beef that were seasoned with my moms homemade middle eastern spices .
jim laughed and started stomping around like he was in a vat of grapes in an old lucy show .
you think i ca nt pop you like a grape when i so choose ?
as i made my way to the kitchen my mother had a fruit medley going on with mangos , strawberries , blueberries , grapes , all types of melons , and kiwi .
the vines were grape vines .
but acres upon acres of grape vines planted as far as the eye could see either side of the cordwainer told us that lode was potentially neither abandoned nor focused on mining .
tending to grapes .
he searches the world for exactly the right type of grapes to grow given the climate .
every piece of scrub land around here that once grew grapes and has some broken down old finca on it is called a vineyard .
it was near the end of the season , not that i thought it likely vigneault was actually stomping on grapes back home .
ym ate some grapes .
like wringin the juice outta a grape .
the family , dining on a first course of bread and grapes , had erupted into shouting .
situated in the foothills of the alpine mountains in the northwest of the city , the house sat surrounded by vast hillsides of grape vineyards .
he carefully chose a number of mangoes , melons , clusters of grapes , then waited patiently while a woman patted dough into flat circles and baked them on a simple stove of clay , just like ogra would do in the early morning air .
meanwhile , ketzah made up a platter of grapes , figs , apricots and cheese .
he took a cluster of grapes , plucked one and put it in his mouth .
black bread , cheese , grapes , filleted fishedaks stomach growled .
it glittered like a thousand stars , bunched together like grapes .
* * after morning lessons of mathematics , physics and botany , atel and ketzah stopped to eat at midday , preparing their table with bread , fruit , cheese and grape juice .
thedar returned with a tray of food : grapes , guavas , mangoes and roasted breadfruit .
edak picked a small cluster of green grapes .
he picked a small cluster of grapes .
he put a grape in his mouth and crushed it in his teeth .
ketzah nodded in agreement and looked over the estateits extensive yard , the arbors of wisteria and grapes , the flower - bordered paths , marble benches , columns and statuary , all leading down to the shady portico attached to the house .
and now he held a cluster of grapes , absentmindedly plucking them off , one by one , and dropping them onto his plate , uneaten .
walking to villages past vines with ripe grapes still hanging , waiting to be plucked to quench the thirst of the wanderer .
they slowly moved down its slopes to a valley floor and criss - crossed their way through dry stream beds , picking some grapes off vines which seem to naturally occur , and viewed the openings of windows cut into the bare hillside as a reminder to those who lived within those hills .
poncey had no time for this prattle mavis was a colossal treasure trove of working - class sour grapes .
its brain is the size of a grape , you know .
the red blood of the grape shot from the bottle as he lowered it , spouting into his nose and making him chortle as he swallowed .
we walked past the cathedral headed toward the grape vines planted on the hill .
we walked the path toward the grape vines and were able to look out across the city from the height we had climbed today .
the fruit bowl , with grapes and different types of melon , looked like it had been sitting out a few days .
we rode over the zombie 's skull , crushing it like a grape .
it delighted me that chamberlain had an appreciation for the grape .
` ` the grapes of wrath , you idiot , henry said , getting to his feet , answering the question being asked the contestant on the game show .
took him some grapes , some lucozade and a porn mag , he joked , ruffling thomass hair and peering down over the railings at the white marble graves .
when you enter the sliding doors that attach to the library , off to your right there is a bench , where almost always you can find young miss victoria with her nose buried in a good ol classic book about war such as the grapes of wrath or the red badge of courage .
i would nt know as its all spoiled grape juice to me .
he burst out with a jovial laugh , and i swear his belly jiggled like a bowl full of my dads homemade grape jelly .
he pulled out grapes , bread , cheese , and champagne .
malcolm popped a grape in his mouth .
malcolm choked on a grape .
those women with bodies like grapes , their bodies will be crushed in the explosion .
then , in the fall there s apple picking or grape stomping , and in the winter snow like were having now .
she contented herself with giving lomax a look that would have withered grapes on the vine and then turned her attention to macallister .
i was sitting in the back of hatfields store , nursing a bottle of grape nehi when hatfield pointed to me .
she took a quick inventory of her food stashes in her room and remembered she stowed away some grapes .
edward brought us glasses of white wine and a tray filled with crackers , cheeses , grapes , and big , deep red strawberries .
jennifer looked at me like my border collie used to look at me when i tried to feed her a grape .
removing the aluminum foil from the platter , i found a bouquet of the most delicious fruits : cantaloupe , watermelon , pineapples , strawberries , and different colored grapes , decorated in the most delicate patterns .
the word rolled off my tongue like sour grapes .
it was surrounded by grape vineyards and had a main road in front of the mosque that was just off the freeway .
the spot he had chosen had grape vines every twelve feet apart and he was able to hide , but at the same time , have a clear view of the mosque down the middle of the vineyard row .
the exact same thing happened to me once in a chem 201 labduring an after - hours endeavor wherein i was steaming out a twenty - gallon benzene container preparatory to an experiment on the propensity of brewer 's yeast to convert grape sugar into potable ethanol .
with a flourish she laid before them fried squid and goat cheese and stuffed grape leaves and octopus and wooden bowls of melidzanosalata , her baked eggplant puree flavored with garlic , onions and herbs , not forgetting her speciality , pink taramasalata made of mullet roe and olive oil .
afterward came a dessert of grapes and soft , fresh myzithra cheese blended with dark honey from the mountains near sfakii .
mind the grape vines , jen cautioned , shining her flashlight back along the row so he could avoid the trellis .
a village brew made from soured grapes also called vodkaa crude firewater .
my heart felt like it was about to explode with the knowledge of what we were walking through , so i tried telling myself that what i was stepping in were actually grapes from my grandma ritas vineyard out in colorado .
that s all you re stepping on is grapes .
what better place to be than on black forest farm , where ervina was baking night and day and gerhard was about to harvest the frozen grapes for his ice wine .
gerhard was gathering frozen grapes in the vineyard to press the ice wine .
` ` this particular wine is from grapes grown in the napa valley , '' lyman continued , ` ` a blend of cabernet sauvignon , merlot , and cabernet franc . ''
he says it is from a local boutique vineyard one with a very low production but which lovingly cares for its grapes and then monitors the fermentation , bottling and storage with more attention than you would give a patient in intensive care .
bonazzi beamed in delight and told them the subtle fruit ced had detected was a special wild plum that grew in the area that affected the flavour of the grapes .
these last are ubiquitous , coming to visit the elderly relative and offering what visitors do decent grapes but shitty conversation .
fields that were once fertile and full of produce such as fruits , vegetables , tree nuts , grapes , and almonds now sit stilled by the silence of death .
while the fields of californian grapes , lettuce , oranges , and flocks of chickens have succumbed to the terrible chain of events following that first fateful day , humanity at ground zero remains as resilient as ever .
when rodriguez had entered the interview room , jac saw that he carried three books : the catcher in the rye , steinbecks the grapes of wrath and dostoyevskis crime and punishment .
immediately , gastonish was told to drink the grape juice as the nurse who wheeled her in took me from her arms and placed me in the crib .
i have mixed a powerful truth serum in with the grape juice you drank .
dr . evon could not understand what was being said because the dose of truth serum gastonish was given in the grape juice was enough to keep an elephant from lying .
this land overlooked the southern countryside , and was rented by a local farmer called silvio , who used it to grow his own grape vines .
whilst the wine of the day was a complementary glass of bolgheri - a divine tuscan red wine made from a blend of several grapes including cabernet franc , sangiovese , and merlot .
joked beppe after a few quiet sips of what signor beppe referred to as grape nectar , candice spoke again .
that , along with grapes , peaches , watermelon , and mango , made a wonderful meal .
guys who d waste you without losing a nights sleep , would suck your eyeball for a grape while your bodys still warm .
surrounding various water fountains were violets and violas , daffodils and grape hyacinths .
there have been definite effects on grapes , starting with that year , global warming and climate change being what hey , jessica .
then the california table wine boom arrived and values doubled and tripled as the land was put into grape production .
shed see , in her mind , fruitful green vines , thick skinned almost large marble sized blackish grapes ; workers picking and sweating , laughing and having lunch at the picnic tables .
delicately he sat up , wondering in his confusion whether he had got the day wrong and grandpa was out there now with his bag of pyjamas and left - over grapes , stranded on his own doorstep on thursday morning .
i dug it up when i was digging a hole for a grape vine .
so were buying grapes just to learn how to make wine .
the grapes would nt be ready for a couple of years , but maybe they d like to have this little spot , unless they were planning to open a place right on the farm , as wineries usually did .
chocolates , grape , and i drain chilled water .
sitting on the coffee table behind me , i plucked a grape out of the bowl .
we ended up finishing the bottle and then another and the owner seemed so happy to have us there he gave us a tour of his wine cellar and started explaining the differences between certain wines and grapes and although my head was starting to get sore , i sucked most of it in like an anteater .
the valley is emerald green as far as anyone can see from the sky , producing grapes ( and their by - products ) , cotton , almonds , citrus , and all types of vegetables .
my word , you guys are even more organised than i ve heard you were on the grape vine .
as another wave of kidd 's pirates ran down towards the beach , the howitzers were fired , cutting down the front row of men en masse , the grape shot slicing through them , ripping open and disemboweling many of those caught in the blast .
since he had nt eaten , cole picked up a turkey sandwich and a bottle of grape juice .
cole made his way to a table just far enough to end all conversation , ate the sandwich absentmindedly and downed the grape juice .
her letter lay in a slot of his sorting shelf , just above a cluster of glass grapes .
there was a long railing that guided us to the far end of a hallway with mountain laurel branches hovering over the railing , while violet leathery blossoms were scraped across the floor smelling of a frothy grape .
9 shuffling along in worn , brown slippers , ethan guzzled down the last few sips of his grape pepsi .
if i did nt know any better , i would say our colonel was suffering from a case of sour grapes .
down there the grapes and the olives were ripening in the late afternoon sun .
i also have some dry grape drink mix i could use for the wine .
i ' ve read that only freshly squeezed grape juice is allowed , but i ca n't get freshly squeezed grape juice in prison !
i ' ve read that only freshly squeezed grape juice is allowed , but i ca n't get freshly squeezed grape juice in prison !
i ca n't get even bottled grape juice , or wine or frozen grape concentrate .
i ca n't get even bottled grape juice , or wine or frozen grape concentrate .
all i can get is this grape drink mixture that you just add water to .
as for this law about using freshly squeezed grape juice , i ' ve been in the church for many years and preached for many years , and i have never heard of such a thing .
i do n't think it matters to god whether the grape drink is dried and mixed with water , or is freshly squeezed , or is bottled or frozen .
the juice of six or seven calamansi in a glass , then filled with water and adding sugar according to personal taste , is like a mixture of limes and grape fruit .
the frenchman is now the largest importer of a certain brand of intoxicating grape . ''
he looked to his right and saw the security guard give his son a grape flavored lollipop after the wand passed over him .
keith had already eaten most of his sandwich and drunken his cheap grape soda .
you can always count on me , he said and took a long swig from grape soda .
on another , his bloated body was covered with nothing but a loincloth , lying on a lake bank , surrounded by dozen of nubile women they were dancing , splashing about in the lake , and feeding the shmug with grapes .
leaning into the arbor struts , barely breathing in the rotted grape and smoke smells .
breathing in the smoke filtered through the green leaves of the grapevine , shoes resoled with sticky grape pulp , they watched the light from the torches of the mobs and listened to them quarreling with each other , with deputy threet .
honeysuckle , trumpet and fox - grape vines spewed like fountains from the clustered scrub oaks and pines .
john grabbed a bowl of grapes to snack on when the telephone rang again .
sat there for a few minutes but there was nothing to do there , no grapes , not even a telly , so i scarpered and stopped in the pub on the way back to the station .
the crunch of walnuts and tang of green grapes made what could have been a bland combination of chicken and mayo into a robust , palate pleasing meal .
initially he could nt leave the wine list alone , the pondering over every selections background story : the region , the grapes , the hands that patiently conjured them wondering if that could be the life for them .
in one corner , near the back , they find cane poles and later a pack of plastic grape worms for bait .
clear fluid erupted , like juice squeezed from a grape .
they came for cotton and spuds and fruit and grapes .
the fauns stood on the tops of two rosewood chests of drawers and faced each other , and bore on their shoulders a pole entwined with vines and leaves and bunches of grapes in the center of which hung the mirror .
from the front of each of the two drawers in each chest dangled a bronze , elongated grape as a handle .
or grape seven - up , my personal favorite .
back at the bushes i picked a handful of cascade oregon grapes off of a purplish green evergreen shrub .
he handed me another bottle of juice , and i was relieved to see that this time it was grape .
the purples and oranges were deeper than those in a bowl of the freshest and most tangy grapes and peaches .
rafael replied , yeah , i spilt three gallons of grape juice all over my carpet .
they made grape , orange , lime and other flavors .
we sat there and promised ourselves a quiet life , tending the grapes in a sunlit field .
having spent the afternoon on the grape juice both girls try to take it easy on the beers .
right alongside those fancy california grapes .
revenge is sweeter than the grape .
arcadio had brought them a cooler packed with langostino salad on soft rolls , and sliced and salted cucumbers with grape tomatoes from cameroon , and sliced papaya drizzled with lime .
said melissa , belly down on a beach towel , an empty glass tipped beside her as a baby crab investigated the nature of grape sugar and ethanol .
the aptly named st . martin of tours is venerated as the patron saint of innkeepers , grape growers , and protector of all drinkers .
inside the place was bright and full of faux italian pleasures grapes , doric columns , pictures of rome .
i only have grape flavor at the moment . ''
` ` sour milk or sour grapes ? ''
` ` grapes . ''
` ` not even a strawberry or a grape ? ''
` ` toast , with grape jelly .
nino seated a young couple nearby , then rushed forth with the next bottle , a fabulous dry red sangiovese from a vineyard near bologna that he personally visited once a month to monitor the progress of the grapes .
she knew italian wine and made sense of the endless variety of grapes from the regions .
we should have ordered grapes . ''
this animal took the shape of one ' blauenfelder ' , a perfectly respectable german citizen engaged in viniculture - specifically the grafting of moselle grapes on to the sicilian strains to enhance the sugar content of the latter which , for your passing information , [ steady on , old chap !
bond walked along the shore , took off his coat and tie , and sat in the shade of a bush of sea grapes and watched the fiddler crabs about their minuscule business in the sand while he whittled two chunky wedges out of the jamaican cedar .
clusters of bats hung like bunches of withered grapes from the roof and when , from time to time , either kerim 's head or bond 's brushed against them , they exploded twittering into the darkness .
the sun through the round thick leaves of the sea - grape was already hot .
now , out of sour grapes , bond must try for his two .
she consumes them in bunches - like grapes , if you follow me . '
a short , fat white man in khaki , shirt and trousers came out from under the palm trees and walked towards bond through the scattering of sea - grape and sun - dried wrack above highwater mark .
stuffed grape leaves to start .
the food guys had ten plates with stuffed grape leaves all lined up on a counter .
i dropped them next to the grape leaves .
the grapes were red gold .
in wine growing , charles knew the crucial months were in the spring and summer , for the grapes were picked in september and they had to have a carefully balanced season of sun and rain .
perfect for the tender little grapes .
and as the grapes grew , so did charles 's fortune .
the drive to acrocorinth was a long one , on winding roads that meandered through the lush countryside , redolent with the odors of grapes and lemons and hay .
cheese and grapes would be next , followed by the birthday cake and coffee .
you will not be able to make a decent living on it , growing olives and grapes . ''
the two women and their escorts moved on , past cork and olive trees , the summer air filled with the smells of ripe grapes and oranges .
in his hand he held his beret , which was bulging with tomatoes , grapes , and apples .
all the things that grow from god 's earth , whether it 's wheat or olives or grapes - everything comes from god , does it not ?
the fox and the grapes .
this is n't sour grapes ; the movies have been pretty good to me , by and large ( let 's just ignore such films as graveyard shift and silver bullet ) .
they would stop at the market and buy a sack of red grapes , then spit seeds into the ocean until well past dark .
this morning 's menu was two scrambled eggs , four pieces of toasted white bread , a fat slice of bacon , two scrawny containers of grape jelly , a small bottle of prepackaged orange juice , and a large styrofoam cup of coffee .
he encouraged ron to read as an escape , and they were soon debating the merits of the grapes of wrath and east ofeden , unusual conversations on the row .
conversations at this hour require , a touch of the grape , i believe . ''
there 's something to be said for the grape on many occasions . ''
the apples and bananas and grapes were and # 8226 ; wrapped in green cellophane , and looked pretty sitting next to a rather large and expensive arrangement of colorful flowers sent by the concerned friends at ark - lon fixtures .
evan walked rapidly through the area of the city known as harat waljat towards the market of sabat aynub , the name translated freely as the basket of grapes , a marketplace far more structured than a bazaar , with well - kept shops lining the square , the architecture bewildering for it was an amalgam of early arabic , persian , indian and the most modern of western influences .
they grew potatoes , and grapes , and berries of all sorts .
' the fathers have eaten sour grapes , and the children 's teeth are set at edge , ' ` ` she said .
he was particularly proud of the grape arbors , his scuppernongs some of the state 's sweetest .
they also injected tomatoes , squash , plums , and their most - favorite , punctured grapes left soaking for a few days . ''
` ` we get sued every week by some poor clod who trips and falls and then blames it on the vinegar or the grapes .
` ` the prophet jeremiah , you know , he tells us , ` ` they shall say no more , the fathers have eaten a sour grape , and the children 's teeth are set on edge . ''
` ` the fathers have eaten sour grapes and the children 's teeth are set on edge . ''
now , on herrengasse in bern 's altstadt , metcalfe , following corky 's instructions , approached the back entrance to the town house , which was hidden among grape arbors .
when you win almost all the time , winning tastes like spoiled grape juice . )
just like the joads in the grapes of wrath . ''
he got a welch 's grape from the fridge , went back to the living room , and sat down in front of the tv without seeing it , his mind working restlessly , looking for some way out .
we ate ham sandwiches and grapes and potato chips , and talked about my honeymoon and the latest meeting of the ladies ' prayer luncheon .
was i just full of sour grapes at not being top dog ?
' i 'll feed you grapes and give you a foot rub .
she plucks a couple of grapes from the bunch in the fruit bowl and eats , still sitting with her back to niklas .
the old geezers are putting on the grapes of wrath . ''
some quarter - million pounds of grapes are harvested each year . ''
her fingers grasp what feel like warm grapes , and she makes a fist and pulls them out , her heart jumping , her eyes widening , an incredulous smile exploding across her face .
abigail unwrapped her peanut butter and grape jelly sandwich .
stumbling through the italian , i sipped the velvety wine and thought of purple grapes ripening in the french countryside , and then subterranean cellars .
` ` it seems to me your tongue has tasted sour grapes , '' he said .
cutting bunches of grapes ! ''
my grapes are the best . ''
a little later , he was deep in the vineyard , pruning the trebbiano grapes .
he stopped to examine a bunch of grapes , and he plucked one from the cluster .
he smiled , and ate the mangled grape , cleaning his fingers on his coarse linen tunic .
he went to give orders to his foreman , for the time of the vendange was approaching , and he prayed for a good harvest this year - the grapes certainly promised it , and the summer weather had been favorable .
the veraison had been good , too , but he wanted to double - check the sugar and acid levels in the grapes before picking .
jun stood under one side of the surrounding colonnade , watching the bustle as ezio , nearby , haggled in the cold sunlight with a stallholder over the price of a grape picker 's basket .
to get there in ' 54 , they took the ferry from the city and passed through a collection of other small , forgotten islands - thompson and spectacle , grape and bumpkin , rainford and long - that gripped the scalp of the sea in hard tufts of sand , wiry trees , and rock formations as white as bone .
his huge face swelled like an overripe grape and for a moment he looked almost harmless .
she speared a grape with her fork , sucked it off the tines .
she speared another grape , propped her elbow on the table , and let the grape hover an inch from her lips as she stared over it at me .
she speared another grape , propped her elbow on the table , and let the grape hover an inch from her lips as she stared over it at me .
she considered the grape , but still did n't eat it .
she flicked her tongue and the grape disappeared from the fork .
but underneath the small talk was the constant hum of our shared want , the echoes of surf and sheets of rain in bermuda , the hoarse sounds of our voices in that room , the smell of grapes on skin .
some men had cut an oil drum in half and covered the halves in cattle wire and started barbecuing and folks had brought tables and chairs and the tables were covered with plates of fried catfi sh and creamy potato salad and deep brown drumsticks and fat purple grapes and heaps and heaps of greens .
` ` as a grape . ''
he 'd given her the mother of all hangovers - a run - in with the wrath of grapes .
he 'd think it just sour grapes .
nicole moved to the small bar fridge beside the coffee counter and opened it to find a large plate with cheese , crackers , grapes , and a sliced - up apple on it .
' perhaps it would help if you think of it as grape blood , ' said his father , as vlad took the wine .
fake grapes spilled down and over one side , dangling almost to ivy 's pert little chin .
the grape bunches bobbed in time with ivy 's rapidly mincing footsteps .
the grapes vibrated in agitation .
she gasped , bunches of grapes and silk strawberries bobbing about .
the grapes bobbed .
` ` yes , floote , i am sorry you had to see those grapes yesterday , '' alexia apologized .
` ` this is grape juice , made from my own concord grapes . ''
` ` this is grape juice , made from my own concord grapes . ''
how 's that grape juice ? ''
` ` and grape juice , do n't forget that . ''
` ` yeah , you can take your grape juice and ... '' but stefan was almost smiling himself .
the heavy forests that had once grown wild , a refuge to a multitude of animals , were long gone , replaced by groves and grapes .
` ` i have n't heard any advice , '' antonietta said , ` ` just sour grapes . ''
all of piscary 's vampires had banded together under her ; if a different camarilla came out on top , their lives would n't be worth the grape leaves piscary had used to wrap around his lamb sandwiches .
green leaves and purple grapes bloomed in feigned sunlight .
floote , having anticipated just such a request , came in with tea , treacle tart , and a bunch of grapes imported at prodigious expense from portugal .
all the assembled vampires , even the countess , who seemed to have only a limited ability to follow what was going on around her , paused to look at lady maccon as though she had just donned grecian robes and begun hurling peeled grapes at them .
the smells changed from time to time -- a whiff of nasty , rotten something , then something else that smelled weirdly like grapes ?
i had to remind myself that some romanians hemoglobin , not fermented grapes , had just dripped on my friend .
while leah ate , they bustled about , putting things away and cleaning up the happy toddlers , who had grape jelly smeared all over their faces .
across the way , rhage unsheathed a grape toostie pop and v lit up a hand- rolled while he got phury on speakerphone .
` ` yeah , and if you do n't fight us '' - hollywood bit down on his grape tootsie pop - ` ` we 'll do it again - only with the dance moves this time . ''
any one of them crosses paths with that shithead and they 'll peel him like a grape .
green as grapes and jade and spring buds .
i fed from the heart one last time , to take even the color of blood out of it , and then sent it after her - crushed grapes - poor child , child of a hundred men .
the thought itself burst with the sweetness of a grape on my tongue .
- but having done all the exercises , she was n't convinced of the transformative powers of the winsome smile or spending half an hour a day sucking on a grape .
a large spot that looked like it might have been grape juice stained her t - shirt from the collar to the middle of her chest .
in addition to the massive bride 's cake and the piles of nutty groom 's cakes for the guests to take home , there were rhubarb tarts , stewed cherries , fresh strawberries and purple grapes , gravy boats of clotted cream , and plum pudding .
it means you woke up this morning on the beach in california with a hottie feeding you grapes .
` ` brendan daniels does n't like grapes , '' ivy countered frostily .
this is barely more than grape juice . ` `
` ` with the taste of your grapes in my mouth .
he popped another grape into his mouth and relished her dismayed shock .
casually , he popped a grape into his mouth .
valerian slid a platter of grapes toward her and beckoned her to take one .
now some black grape mixed in .
and slippery , glistening like wet grapes .
in the distance , elena could make out a vineyard with lush grapes hanging heavily , fruit that would never see the light of the sun until it was made into a famous liquid .
everyone was already sipping at their glasses of black magic , so it was easy to say ` ` no '' even to the luscious grapes .
bonnie and meredith had already spread a cloth for a picnic , and the ants were sampling sandwiches and grapes and low - fat pasta salad .
it was the real thing.black magic wine , grown from clarion loess black magic grapes .
it tastes like grape juice , and i was dying for a drink . ''
damon knew that the grapes were grown in the soil , loess , that a grinding glacier leaves behind .
and when the soil was ready , the grapes were grown and processed , from graft to foot - stomped pulp in ironwood vats , without ever seeing the sun .
and now ... elena had a ` ` grape juice '' mustache .
damon had told elena that it was magically made from special grapes that were grown in the soil at the edges of glaciers , loess , and that they were always kept in complete darkness .
it tasted like remarkably refreshing effervescent spring water that was flavored with sweet , deep , velvety grapes .
meredith had been there , calm and compassionate , giving him half of her peanut butter sandwich , a handful of grapes , breaking her cookie neatly in two .
she gave her full attention to the refreshments , leaning past people to select cheese wedges and ritz crackers , reaching in front of them to pluck grapes , ostentatiously looking up and down the whole array to see if there was anything she 'd missed .
imagine presiding over such an altar , snapping your fingers for another and another and another , squeezing those fresh blood - soaked hearts to your lips like bunches of grapes .
dwarfs as a whole weren '' t happy about newspapers , regarding such news as a lover of fine grapes would regard raisins .
one of the younger officials was particularly taken with one of ivy 's hats , a large straw affair , covered in silk fruit , grapes , strawberries , and a large knitted pineapple .
then she carried out a big bowl of grapes , plus the two dishes of blood jell - o , topped with her special whipped cream .
` ` alice choked on a grape . ''
` ` we never should have served grapes , '' ivy blurted .
there were grapes and vines - things that could n't survive the ice and snow - tangling up the thick desk legs .
luna pulled out a pack of gabe 's grape gross - out gum .
` ` what kind of jelly do you want tonight - grape or strawberry ? ''
` ` grape , '' mira replied .
not one of the finest wines to have graced our kitchen , but it was local , the grapes grown in the soil where pierce had lived and died .
i feel like they ' ve been scraped by a grape peeler .
we had a fig tree , a willow tree , and two date palms , and flowers of all kinds , grape vines covering the arbor where we could take our evening meal , and fountains that never stopped sending their rivers of sparkling water down into the basins where the fish darted about like living jewels .
it had a common bacchanalian design to it , clustered grapes carved around the rim , and a simple pedestal foot .
i was holding it in both my hands , lovingly , i suppose , admiring the fluted shape of it , and the deep carving of the grapes , when i heard a faint sound emerge from it , and felt a riny movement of air beneath my nostrils .
our own floors at home had often been as colorful and as well crafted , but this floor was not full of stiff rosettes or processional figures , but with frolicking dancers and great clusters of grapes for ornament , and there was every kind of inlaid marble around its borders .
` ` he took the letters and the sacks of jewels to his desk , sat down , and at once began to read all the letters , quickly , leaning on his elbows , and only now and then reaching for a grape from a silver disk beside him .
gregory asked , taking a moment to breathe deeply , to sense the moment , to drink in the perfume of the lilies in their painted pots , to look at the shivering wisteria hanging down from the trellis that ran up the wall behind armand , with its purple blossoms like an abstract painting of a cluster of grapes .
that is what wisteria always made gregory think of , of grapes ... . ` ` yes , they ' ve been good times , '' said armand .
i 'd learned the hard way that telling the truth about phil , my ex , only sounded like sour grapes .
was fiji 's spell - casting only an exhibition of sour grapes ?
it was like biting into juicy grapes on a blazing summer day , except hot , sweeter , and even better than that .
she scrunched up her face at the question , as if she 'd bitten into a sour grape .
now the three of us girls were in my kitchen , each with a job to do , although tammy 's job seemed to devolve into leaning against the counter and drinking her grape juice , while watching us with a smirk on her face .
i snatched her ` ` grape juice '' out of her hand and sniffed it .
his stomach growled as he stared over at a hand - carved wooden table , laid out with bread , grapes , pomegranates , and cheese .
he picked up a grape and toyed with it .
jordan ate a handful of grapes .
cardinal bernard rolled the grape between his fingers .
the cardinal returned the dusky grape to the empty bowl .
father ambrose filched the lone remaining grape from the bowl and ate it .
it was not the fermented grape , but the essence of christ 's own blood that flamed against the sin that flowed through his tainted body .
she has a handful of grapes and offers me some as if we 're snacking and watching a movie .
` ` we should do something , '' i tell her , popping a grape into my mouth .
i ask , eating another grape .
she finishes off the last of the grapes .
it would have squashed me like a grape if i had n't managed to get out of the way .
for some reason the sunblock did n't disappear but dried into paste , as if the creature had popped a giant bubble of grape gum onto himself .
the blade bit into the reeve 's head , popping her eye like a ripe grape .
it took us a while to find the perfect blend of grape varietals and blood type . ''
since it was grape harvest time , tourists flocked to the small towns of napa valley to take in some local flavor .
the entire group turned to look at me , except for the newlyweds , who were playing grab - ass by a diorama depicting the life of a grape .
` ` we grow a variety of fruit : peaches , persimmons , apricots , pomegranates , tangerines , lemons , and grapes .
on the cart an enormous roasted boar lay on a huge platter lined with grape leaves .
lorelei chatted on , something about squishing grapes and making candy out of wine .
she popped a grape into her mouth , took a bite out of a carrot .
munching on a slice of bread smothered in butter and honey , she wondered if he ever missed real food - meat and potatoes , fresh peas and corn , hamburgers and hot dogs , potato salad , freshly baked bread warm from the oven , cakes and cookies , pie and ice cream , grapes and strawberries , malts and sodas and all the other good things to eat and drink that she took for granted .
deciding to grab some gum , she found her favorite grape flavor and went to stand in line .
the two sat in the wine cellar which smelled of oak barrels and vintage grapes .
* * * aria popped the grape into her mouth , chewing the sweet fruit eagerly as she picked at the tray of food .
she popped a handful of grapes into her mouth as she made her way to the window seat .
instead of plunging into his heart , the point of her stake popped into his eye like a stick into a plump grape .
lifting eph to his mouth like a fat grape .
ashe and sali were dipping out strawberries and grapes immediately .
toff jumped into the chilly pond with the others after a long day of harvesting grapes , throwing off his clothing just as the others did .
` ` son , how was the grape harvest ? ''
* * * ` ` baby cheeks gets to crush grapes , '' gren laughed the following morning as they made their way to the long , log building where tiearan and some of the other adults instructed the young ones and made wine .
he did n't mind crushing grapes and wanted more than anything to do the other chores for winemaking , but he was always relegated to the crush .
gren and the other , taller boys hauled the stems away after the grapes had been gently crushed by the younger children .
toff liked dipping his hands into the grapes , feeling the smooth , round skins in his fingers , squeezing them lightly as tiearan had taught him .
eventually , the crushed grapes would be run through a press that some of the older ones would crank by hand .
tiearan employed power when he worked with the natural grape yeast , adjusting it here and there for consistent results .
` ` toff , ease up just a little , the grapes are not your enemy , '' tiearan looked over toff 's shoulder as he squeezed the grapes harder than he 'd intended .
` ` toff , ease up just a little , the grapes are not your enemy , '' tiearan looked over toff 's shoulder as he squeezed the grapes harder than he 'd intended .
` ` that 's grape juice .
he 'd chosen the barn where they crushed grapes for winemaking , because it was more than large enough to hold the elders without bringing them too closely together .
we ate grapes , pineapple and peaches , too .
i was crushing berries and grapes before that , even . ''
franklin sat down while i washed the grapes and strawberries and added them to the glass bowl .
these grew heaps of purple flowers that hung down over the road , collected in batches like bunches of grapes .
a paradise where people are learned , where arguments do n't turn into fistfights , but instead debates over warm tea and grapes . )
josh and rashmi are making out - i can actually see tongue - so i turn to my bread and grapes .
the grapes are smaller than i ' m used to , and the skin is slightly textured .
` ` continue your grape bath . ''
the grape brushes my lower lip as he slides it in .
it explodes in my mouth , and i ' m so startled by the juice that i nearly spit it out.the flavor is intense , more like grape candy than actual fruit .
and us girls in our harems , of course , eatin ' grapes and pomegranates and sweetmeats , and lyin ' about in hot , steamin ' baths and havin ' eunuchs towel us off after our swims . ''
all the bit parts , the commercials for department stores and bacon and grape juice have led up to this moment ... where i try to win another ( more prominent than anything before ) girl - next - door role .
i still ca n't look at grape juice without gagging .
i tell him about the nazi director of the grape juice commercial , and he tells me about the attractive forty - something star of an art house film he did a few years ago who showed up at his trailer door wearing a robe and nothing else .
` ` starboard guns , reload with grape .
a sprig of plump red grapes .
it was the most expensive of the alcohol substitutes , made with cherries , black grapes , and plums .
this one , vertical in nature , with a border of grape leaves all around : lavender blue an ambrosial mixture of fine herbs and liquors _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ bottled on the estate of carnegie bros . ltd , glasgow , scotland exclusive purveyors to his majesty , king george iii i do n't think georgie would mind awfully much my using his name in this way , having met him once and having found him a most agreeable sort of fellow , in spite of his being king of england , and all .
when i returned to the table , my unfinished beef course had been removed , and a plate with small portions of cheese , garnished with a fan of strawberries and tiny grapes was set in its place .
i looked away and placed a grape in my mouth , unnerved .
i felt a sudden twist in my chest and swallowed the last of the alcoholic grape soda to be rid of it .
an imaginative band of little girls suffering from a bad case of sour grapes . ''
i could n't tell what it had been , but the color of the glass made me think it was aunt prue 's green glass cat , the one she 'd kept proudly on display next to her glass grapes .
i set a plate of cold cuts and a bowl of fruit in front of her , along with a can of grape soda - her favorite .
i took her up there after grabbing a bag of chips and a grape soda for her to snack on .
you know , over grape soda and spider - man cake ? ''
the clean scent of roses and the sweeter scent of peonies mixed with the heavier scents of grapes and olive trees .
memories are coming fast : hana running next to me by back cove , our sneakers squelching in the mud ; fireworks over the bay on the fourth of july , sending tentacles of light over the water ; alex and me lying , laughing , on the blanket at 37 brooks ; grace shivering next to me in the bedroom at aunt carol 's , wrapping her thin arms around my waist , her smell of grape bubblegum .
i recognize the furniture - the faded striped couch , the rug with its singed tassels , and the stain on the old red throw pillows where jenny spilled her grape juice , still barely visible - from my old house , aunt carol 's place on cumberland .
i threw a grape at her .
grapes , apples , cherries , all formed out of flames .
haven headed for the kitchen and made a peanut butter and grape jelly sandwich before grabbing a paper towel .
haven grabbed a grape from one and popped it into her mouth as he took the top off of the tall green bottle .
sparkling grape juice .
` ` never thought i 'd be at my little brother 's wedding drinking sparkling white grape juice , '' he said , shaking his head .
my aunt winked as she pulled a grape from a bowl of fruit on the corner of my mother 's desk .
i look at avi , who takes a cluster of grapes off of the tray and starts eating them .
avi pops a large , green grape into his mouth .
avi chuckles as he pops another green grape into his mouth , finishing the last one .
` ` i begged him to talk to me in priv -- '' the sergeant , with a very pissed - off look on his face ( which has just gone a dark shade of red resembling a very red grape ) , cuts me offin a stern loud voice .
thank heaven our church uses food lion grape juice instead of wine at communion , or my brother would probably pass out in front of the altar .
laura just fed aaron a grape !
i pick the grapes , carrots , and celery out of it and make designs on my plate .
` ` sorry to interrupt , but we ' ve run out of monster eyeballs , aka peeled grapes . ''
i can make a quick run to the store for grapes .
ironhorse jerked up , sending a bowl of grapes clattering to the floor .
cold , hard stone scraped my chest and back , as if the walls were slowly drawing together , crushing me until i popped like a grape between them .
i , of course , get grape juice , in my own crystal carafe .
mukesh pushes the menu aside and calls over the waiter , ordering platters of hummus and grape leaves , baba ghanoush and tabouli .
finn spilled a cup of grape juice on her , and the excursion was canceled .
` ` fox grapes , '' katy announced .
` ` grape again , higgins !
i looked because of the tight thing unwinding , das ungeheuer , the me / not - me , tantalus 's grapes , the thing you can not name .
hanna pushed the styrofoam container of sweet potato fries to the side and took a bite of an undressed grape tomato .
of all the nights to see rosewood 's hottest boys without their shirts on ... ` ` they 're all so gorgeous , '' murmured felicity mcdowell , who was mixing tequila with fanta grape , next to her .
ezra removed the rest of the basket 's contents one by one : a container of ripe , juicy green grapes , a bag of salt - and - vinegar chips - aria 's favorite - and a bottle of champagne with two plastic glasses .
a plaid picnic blanket had been set up a few paces away , complete with a bottle of sparkling cider on ice , a long loaf of french bread , a wheel of cheese , and some grapes .
` ` the guy running the place says that the sea grape makes good jam .
` ` i ' ve never heard of a sea grape tree . ''
graham pulled out his cell phone , pressed the browse button , and typed sea grape into google .
pictures of a large - fronded tree with green grape clusters appeared on the screen .
` ` the largest group of sea grape trees is on the southernmost tip of the island , '' he read aloud .
the whole place smelled vaguely of grape popsicles .
ben 's breath was hot on her neck and smelled like grape gatorade .
colin popped a grape in his mouth and grinned mischievously .
powder , grape !
and grapes .
` ` can i have some of your grapes ? ''
he said nothing for the time it took him to eat the grapes .
he began juggling two grapes .
` ` poor baby , '' amelia says with a little smile as she eats a stuffed grape leaf .
` ` look at this , '' said a funny - looking kid with dark purple lips , like he had died while sucking on a grape jawbreaker .
it 's not the oddest thing he 's ever asked me for , so i do n't question him as i grab a package of grape out of the kitchen cabinet and take it to him .
` ` so ... . spill it , '' i commanded of avalon , giving him a sideways glance before reaching for some more grapes .
claire shouted between gulps of grape juice .
but even juicy plums and purple grapes did little to improve my appetite .
she 's the julia jacobs who used to sing ' american pie ' at the top of her lungs with me at the pool in seventh grade and made me laugh so hard grape soda went up my nose .
we 'd given her a ton of stuff to remember - the bread had to be the club 's signature gluten - free variety and the fruit salad could contain only grapes , pineapple , and star fruit - no melon or strawberries .
` ` just as long as you do n't expect us to feed you grapes and fan you , '' charlotte grumbles , smiling good - naturedly .
after standing in line behind an old lady who insisted on paying with a check , emma and garrett finally arrived at catalina state park , a shopping bag full of sparkling cider , black olives , crackers , grapes , trail mix , fancy australian licorice , and a wedge of brie swinging from the crook of garrett 's elbow .
garrett bit down on a grape ; some of the juice dribbled down his chin .
emma braced herself as he touched his lips to hers , but he tasted like sweet grapes and fizzy cider , and his lips felt warm and soft .
madeline popped a grape into her mouth .
a sugary grape smell wafted through the air of the waiting room .
he 's thinking , i ' m getting ready to peel me a giant grape and taste some sweet , sweet nerd nectar .
he tossed a grape at ansel , and she caught it in her mouth with ease .
we ' ve spent the afternoon turning in slow circles on the lake , kissing , splashing each other , eating grapes and pretzels and turkey sandwiches , kissing some more , snuggling , tickling , laughing , oh yeah , some kissing , but in there somewhere was definitely fishing .
i wonder if i ' ve gone too far , if i ' ve foolishly cheesed off somebody who 's going to turn out to be a black wing and squish me like a grape .
bo , noah , grace , and i abstained , but the rest shared a few that were rolled in what looked like grape leaves ; bo told me later that they were cigar wrappers .
i loved aunt jewel , but her punch- a truly dreadful concoction made from white grape juice , ginger ale , hawaiian punch , and practically a pound of sugar - made my teeth hurt .
clearing my throat , i speared a mayo - coated grape with my fork .
a part of me loves the green apple and another the grape .
i take the wineskin from my shoulder , open the nozzle , lift the skin , and squirt a bit of the juice of the grape into my mouth .
i ' ve traveled around some in this world , but never have i been in a more beautiful place - soaring cliffs , blue water and crashing surf , hanging gardens that assault the senses with their heady perfumes , and acres upon acres of the finest grapes .
i ' m the one having shooting - ass pains , and i ' m the one that 's about to push a watermelon out of a hole the size of a grape .
everything was exactly the same as she remembered : there was all her grandmother 's strange - smelling furniture , there was the painting of the bowl of fruit ( a bunch of grapes , two plums , a peach and an apple ) hanging on the wall , there was the low wooden table with the lion 's feet , and the empty fireplace which seemed to suck heat from the room .
there were eyes , she could see that , and things that might have been grapes .
her grandmother 's formal furniture was still there , and the painting on the wall of the strange fruit ( but now the fruit in the painting had been eaten , and all that remained in the bowl was the browning core of an apple , several plum and peach stones , and the stem of what had formerly been a bunch of grapes ) .
and another , and another , like a bunch of sweet grapes .
my brain was in dreamland - i wanted to feed grapes to my boyfriend .
also grapes , pears , and waxy red cherries on long stems .
here was the former parrott family 's vine - patterned couch with the grape juice blotch on the arm .
a peanut butter and grape jelly sandwich .
other varieties had looked foreign - fruit protected by stinging tendrils , fruit that grew in clusters like grapes but had thick rinds , fruit they had to chisel out of the trunks like tumors .
with another toss of her head , ponytail blonde popped the eye into her mouth like a grape .
spinning her close , eric swatted scorpions with his bare hands , crushing them like overripe grapes beneath his boots .
he paused in the kitchen to get himself a bite of cheese and a grape .
neeve asked , ` ` do we have any grape juice ? ''
lord macdonnell plucked a single grape from a platter .
why could n't sullivan just assign the grapes of wrath or something else in plain english ? ''
blackly he reposes , tender face the color of soot , withered limbs like veins of coal , feet lumps of driftwood hung with shriveled grapes ! ''
he continued , his voice wavering but loud enough now that everyone could hear- '' blackly he reposes , tender face the color of soot , withered limbs like veins of coal , feet lumps of driftwood hung with shriveled grapes '' -and finally i recognized the poem .
lazing about in the afterlife with dragons feeding you grapes , i ken ?
jules carried in a tray loaded down with smoked salmon , big chunks of cheese , bundles of fat grapes , and lumps of little black greasy - looking balls on thin crackers that i guessed was caviar .
the grapes were good , with very tight skin , so when i bit into one the juice exploded in my mouth .
jules left and came back with a bottle of wine and some glasses , but i ' m not a wine drinker , so i ate a lot of grapes for their juice .
` ` all i had was some cheese and grapes , '' i said to no one in particular .
i felt something squeezing the inside of my head , like when paimon raised its fist and popped the agent named bert like a human grape .
` ` or the greek story of tantalus , '' he went on , ` ` who in hades suffered of starvation while a bunch of grapes dangled just beyond his reach . ''
` ` flaming brands up your ass , the itch you ca n't scratch , the grapes you ca n't reach ! ''
at its center was a long wooden table piled high with every delicious food liza could think of , and some she could n't : roasted turkeys with skins the brown of mahogany ; vivid purple grapes that glistened in the cheerful glow of the torches , which had been set all along the periphery of the clearing and filled it with a festive , flickering light .
fall of igneeria : the nights circle prism story of ci prism ( story of ci ) copyright 2010 rachel moschell published by rachel moschell at smashwords third edition the prism table of contents 0 gilded 1 purple 2 gaudy gold 3 electric blue 4 mocha 5 aquamarine 6 emerald 7 white plaster 8 scarlet 9 silver 10 midnight blue 11 coffee 12 hazel 13 olive green 14 beet red 15 pale 16 canary yellow 17 brick red 18 dark 19 transparent 20 red white and blue 21 cinnamon 22 sickly pink 23 bittersweet 24 sea green 25 crimson 26 pale blue 27 sapphire 28 fiery 29 turquoise 30 blond 31 plaid 32 white 33 grape 34 lilac preview of reverb ( story of ci 2 ) 0 gilded the silvery branches of the molle tree whispered in the shade , sprinkling soft leaves in the dirt of the boy 's path .
stalin frowned and stopped stuffing grapes into his mouth from yet another sack of food the guys had carried in .
they had reached the far corner of the property now , and rupert led them into a small grape arbor .
the half hour alone under the grape leaves was intense , and alejo prayed and thought , trying to get his bearings .
alejo closed his eyes , listening to the sound of songbirds in the fruit trees outside the grape arbor .
fallen grapes fermenting in the sun gave off the essence of sweet red wine .
a dry crunching sounded outside the canopy of grape leaves ; the hanging greenery parted , and rupert ducked inside , downing something from an ancient olive - green thermos with golden paisleys .
33 grape after the ostriches had been fed and all the fences repaired and in working order , alejo carried a wooden porch chair into the luxuriant grape arbor .
david and i were making good progress in our respective hospitals , and caroline and cindy commuted many times over the following few weeks to keep me up to speed with his progress , as they were in no hurry to fly back to the uk , they had just made caroline redundant ( was it overstaffing or sour grapes ? )
it was not really sour grapes on my part ; apparently there are people out there that are actually prepared to pay good money just to wander around such places , although c hangar had been turned into a temporary holding shed .
the grape vines now have been cleared for 200 meters around .
well , i will certainly have to give you my opinion on that , said wayne , looking forward to trying a brandy made from the empire 's finest grapes .
the location would cost a few hectares of grapes , but there was no shortage of good land on the terraces and the cost of re - establishing the plantings would not be an issue now .
he made up the tray including a banana and some grapes , two items they had bought while they were in town and that he had never offered before .
in a shallow cupboard meant to hold guns , back when guns were legal , he discovers jars of sesame butter and grape jelly and three vacpacs of quinoa and curry soup .
twenty minutes later , clouds , looking like sideways clusters of the darkest grapes , hurtle across the sky .
and again , i m sorry about that stupid remark about our wine steward being at home stomping grapes .
after fishing the wooden tray from the basket , he laid out some cheese and crackers then cracked open a grape juice for them both .
* a watered liquor , made from the second pressing of the grape .
the mosel valley is supposed to have the best grape in all of europe , but i just do nt taste it .
it was just mildly distasteful , like sour grapes in his mouth .
some grape seed extract and fulvic acid , just in case you have any heavy metals in your system .
with it they had bottles of winea drink brand only had a few times before , because grapes did not grow in badelgardand the traditional mead .
there had been so many grapes , miles of plump purple balls .
and it dawns on me that we ve just taken a broadside from the french ship close alongside now , just soaked up the blast , and its jim who s thrown me down as grape and canister shot has raked the deck .
but soon as they tried to move out they were pinned down by heavy fire from the fort , musket and grape shot pouring down on em like rain .
it seemed the only saving grace in such a desperate situation was that the corvette was so close under the shore battery that the gunners could nt depress their pieces sufficiently to bear down on them and the fusillades of grape and canister shot which had done so much damage on the approach was now passing harmlessly overhead .. running back aft , jim saw john brown , boatswain of the beaulieu , crouched at the barricaded door of the quarter gallery and squinting through the cracks he saw that the cabin beyond was filled with troops arming themselves with pikes and pistols .
were racing four battleships with enough firepower to blow us to kingdom come they re firing grape and canister at maximum range , trying to pull us down .
rain slashed down , then turned into hail that raked horizons decks like grape shot .
our turn , lads , coached richard and the gun - crews responded , emptying the loaded grape into the sea and reloading with fresh .
the deck gun - crews manned the twelve pounders that had been previously loaded with grape .
grapes and oranges acquired by scouts are casually dined upon while the king of thieves angrily tosses his helm to the floor , then sits on his iron throne uncomfortably .
there were clay - hardened bowls filled with lapis ; emeralds the size of grapes and rubies so large that one could nt help but think they were pieces of colored glass .
it showed people picking the grapes in the cold of winter .
leaving the grapes to be harvested in winter meant they would contain more natural sugar and would be sweeter .
nithotep was eating grapes and staring out over a parched courtyard .
the queen nodded and continued to sample the grapes .
he reached in for a grape and tossed it into his mouth in one smooth movement .
a large bunch of grapes flew into his hand and he returned to his chair .
he popped a grape into his mouth and looked intensely at nesu narmer .
ka remained stoic , munching on a grape .
ka held out a grape cluster picked clean of its fruit .
with my breath smelling of fermented grapes i slipped into a dream .
instead of hops , we have red and white grape vines , good for fruit and the sugars needed to make bread .
silence filled the kitchen , broken only by the sound of sky munching grapes .
i ve spent the last three years on an extended jaunt , and the only mysteries i ve contemplated are why we do nt ever see baby pigeons or what gets planted to grow iorlian seedless grapes still , an inquisitive mind remains an inquisitive mind she favored him again with a half - smile .
small fountains adorned the courtyards between the blocks , featuring naked dice - white men and women balancing leaky satyrs , grapes , and pots .
haileys tail hit the black widows grape sized body so fast and hard it collapsed like a wet paper bag .
kathy purchased a bunch of grapes which the store owner rinsed under a hose .
as we sat on a bench waiting for the bus , kathy began eating the grapes , shoving each one into her mouth whole .
i declined to eat any grapes , fearing that she might get annoyed watching me remove the skins .
as we ate , an angry comment hovered unspoken in the air : i told you not to eat those goddam grape skins !
asmaria on the other hand was about to touch the grapes on the table when sofia caught her .
asmaria almost throw up , thinking that she ate a rotten grape .
the marineros sipped the murky brown grape brandy aguardiente and the guard clear , white - hot pulque made from mescal , and cooled its bite by nibbling equally scalding chiles from a wooden bowl in the center of the table .
on the first was a well - kept garden complete with a grape trellis , fountains , and a dining area .
perhaps we may find oranges , figs or grapes here .
when the electricity died and the mage above stared at how his spell failed , cage lifted the rod , altered its shape into a javelin , sent it more mana to make it harder and charged it with speed and a grape sized red tip .
mommy forced them to work in her grape field .
some books included : how to become rich by grapevines , the art of growing grapes , the secret to marketing and selling , and the guide to wine .
it smelled like grapes that went bad .
he told me that he was a grape picker here .
i noticed that they were both wearing a white shirt that said a logo : ` ` grapes are better than apes . ''
among those clothes were t - shirts that had weird logos on them and other t - shirts featured apes eating grapes .
i open them to see a bunch of workers wearing shirts that said ` ` grapes are better than apes '' .
even her wine product says the location of her factory , not her grape field/ home .
like a grape in a vice , the heart juicily burst open to unleash a bright wave that blew through the blood drenched faces and halved the torso .
she plucked a grape from a bowl of fruit and held it in princess lucys vision .
trecille tossed the grape to princess lucys mouth .
a beautiful young woman in a white dress was walking between the tables , a basket full of apples , radishes and grapes cradled in her left arm .
the vegetation was the most incredible array of greens i have ever seen and there were several dutch style homesteads dotted throughout amid straight lines of grape vines , contrasting with the chaos of the native bush .
a bevy of bare beauties bunched beside him while the buxom wotta - setta - nakas fed him grapes .
a dozen mixed bottles of coke , grape and orange soda , next to several quarter and half liter bottles of milk lined the right side of the cooler .
you bring me wheat and grapes ?
under his thin flannel shirt a peanut butter and jelly sandwich oozed grape jelly onto its wax paper wrap .
a half hour ago , he had eaten the squashed peanut butter and grape jelly sandwich .
he ends up bagging two red - delicious apples , one orange , and one grapefruit from out of a very still produce section before snagging some skim milk and a box of grape nuts to check out with .
they were grapes in the distance .
he gathered himself an assortment of fruit ; dates , grapes , and an apple .
they are winter dry , but still quite tasty , ile said in her quiet way , and same with grapes .
instead she came to chaiko and gave him a carefully wrapped package of young grape leaves artfully tied and woven together .
ambling along an animal track that wound its way through dense underbrush , he came upon a bush completely covered with grape vines .
thinking with his stomach , he examined a cluster of grapes , but they were hard and green and he had to spit out the sour - bitter taste , shuddering .
he reached greedily for it , but snatched his hand back when one of the grapes started moving suspiciously .
intrigued by this strange behaviour , ork leaned over the bunch and saw through the translucent skin the faintest outline of a bee eating its way through the grape interior .
fascinated , he watched as the bee hatched from the grape and flew away .
ork plucked the cluster from the vine and tasted a grape .
grape by grape the cluster disappeared in a stomach that was always hungry .
grape by grape the cluster disappeared in a stomach that was always hungry .
he began to shrivel in upon himself like a grape having spent too much time in the sun .
so face the mask of the beast and remember the wolf and his shape , for those who drink of the wine , are only as sweet as the grape .
he drank greedily throughout the story , polishing off three more cans of grape soda and two beers while waiting for the microwave to heat several calorie rich meals .
bunches of juicy red and seedless green grapes draped the base of the statue and flowed outward giving the scene a feel of cornucopia .
james asked , as he walked in carrying a bag of grapes .
do you mind if i have a few of these grapes ?
so about one in the morning were both sitting there buzzing in the foyer when this bird comes over with eyes like saucers and asks if we want to go to a party in wanton , james said , popping another get well soon grape into his mouth and bursting it between his teeth .
james put his hand in front of his mouth so we could nt see the chewed up grape in there .
only about ten people there altogether , but then there d only been about ten people in club z , james said , before pointing at the grapes again .
james had only gone and eaten all the fucking grapes .
looked very much like grapes turned inside out .
we are a farm of 3,000 acres of crops that stretch as far as the eye could see in all geographical directions surrounded by with beautiful productive white cotton plants , a grove of orange which are sour by mouth but yummy in salads , an peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables in front of the dogtrot plantation since we farm every part of the soil to benefit the school and the students ... sterling studies the windows of eight foot tall by four feet wide wearing an array of gracefully falling different type of colors and textures drape curtain fabrics that puddles like a pool of colored water onto the wooden flooring .
the wine or in our case the red grape juice will be poured .
if you do not want to taste the grape juice , please announce to the butler then he will return the wine glass and then the water is replenished .
she performs with a - plus degree so i ve heard standing around the white grape vines yesterday .
too bad we did nt catch a pregnant turtle when ya cut her open the eggs look like a bunch of yellow grapes .
thick stands of sea grapes surrounded the tiny stretch of pristine sand that sloped smoothly to the water , not so much as a single shell marring its surface .
they spread out a very european - looking early lunch : a loaf of french bread sliced in small pieces , with grapes , cheese and crackers .
gertrude shared a bunch of grapes with me and we had some fanta for an improvised dinner .
the havitto family , who wear that tacky mint green , like sour grapes , is expecting a newborn .
you tasted , like sour grapes , yesterday .
one tea tiny little birdie peck on my lips , see , if i taste , like sour grapes , again .
a little baby kiss on my lips , i promised to keep them closed , doll , just , in case of sour grapes .
my mama told me nothing about trig , including the burning implant , the fever , the kidnapping , the sour grapes , the tryout , or the bikini .
we look at each other , chuckling in unison , sour grapes !
enon tastes , like maple syrup to my closed lips , not sour grapes .
when i touch prewitt on the lips , i taste sour grapes .
since , they both taste , like sour grapes .
bestest of all , i wan na kiss prewitt , not sour grapes .
if you tinkered with his princely cell , then you would not taste the opposite of sweet , like sour grapes .
trig controls your biological and chemical levels , the sour grapes .
they all spent the next half hour making idle conversation about the weather and the vineyard and what the grapes would be like that year .
todd predicted a fine harvest and high quality grapes .
by dawn he had positioned himself under a stout row of grape vines .
he had cut pieces of grape vine as he moved along the precisely spaced rows of plants and wove the material into his ghillie suit .
after another couple of weary kilometers the magur turned abruptly off the towpath , leading the way across a field of grape vines , their gnarled , twisting stems laid out in orderly lines .
lunch was cold cuts , sandwiches , king cole potato chips , dill pickles , grape bug juice and ice cream for dessert .
there were baskets of warm garlic bread , appetizers of little italian pizzas , and then they brought large salads with caesar dressing and croutons along with glasses of grape juice for the kids and red wine for the adults .
the wine lacked panache , made from mustang grapes despite the fifty - year - old lenoir vines rooted two miles from the stool where he sat .
before he could locate the missing man , ballinger elbowed him nearly causing him to spill what was left of his fermented piss and grape juice onto his denim jacket .
she who must be obeyed instructed him to go peel a grape .
` ` go peel me a grape , honey . ''
` ` go peel your own grape , this is important . ''
normally , after such a binge , i swear off the grape entirelyfor several days .
so the next day , i voluntarily abstained from the grape , to ensure the crystal clarity of me august wisdom was at the readyand was eloquently dispensed to this impressionable young mind .
i returned quite soon to me romance with the seductive grape .
mayhaps it is unnecessary to mention that i had not taste for the grape , that nightor for many nights to come .
jeremy took stock of his options as he shoved the pain into the white , listlessly drinking a grape pop from the fridge .
the branches were covered with hard , green fruit the size of grapes .
fresh grapes , apples , and a mixture of nuts were carefully divided into smoothly polished stone bowls .
have nt had much business of late , he said , then popped a grape into his mouth .
then the earth opened up and swallowed the remnants of the mound like it was eating a grape .
she had filled it with water and mud , and she was now dancing around in it like a woman trying to crush grapes .
except there were no grapes , just dirt , and it had covered her pants and top completely .
they went on to create the moby grape as well as the mr mojo raisin .
you eat very delicious things , cream sauce and pomegranate jewels and those wonderful , wonderful stuffed grape leaves .
after we were served drinks , sitting at a table under a grape arbor , a pleasant spot we had all to ourselves , phandros looked grimmer even than usual .
the juice of bergamot oranges , unfermented grape juice and the pressings of a few flowers and herbs .
they were packed in like grapes on a cluster , spars and oars touching .
i remember as a child stealing grapes from a farmers vineyard .
here were small machines and inventions , all clicking and humming and turning , machines for pressing grapes , kneading dough , churning butter and another for spinning flax and wool and weaving it into cloth , all meant to ease the lot of the common people .
` ` spicy pork over cellophane noodles , '' she said , as if ants and trees were as common as peanut butter and grape jelly on wonder bread .
slipping off the cloth , she plucked a red grape from the bowl and bit into it .
would you like some grapes ?
she sat next to sandila and plucked some red grapes .
sandila paused then stood and strode to the window leaving the grapes on the table .
it was good fortune there to have apples , grapes , or whatever was in season ; here , something was always ready to fall on ones head from above .
he could pick up a grape with his robot hand , or crush a beer can .
the lotus blossoms , amaranths * and palms enriched the zephyrs with their fragrant balms , and rainbow - colored lovebirds trilled among the vines , where grapes the size of melons hung .
why do grapes and berries grow within the reach of apes instead of ( for example ) underground , where they d have sprouted by the time they re found ?
if we 're compelled to do without without our favorite nuts and grapes , we 'll take such things in stride !
good fortune brought him to a twisting vine which on a sturdy shrub was seen to twine , and loaded down with fully - ripened grapes .
he stopped to think : if things as big as these were flying overhead , then maybe he 'd picked all the grapes his mate and cubs would need , and it was time to take his well - filled sack and mosey back along the forest track ; for , though it was n't really twilight yet , the sun stood westward , promising to set .
he surely did n't need the grapes .
the grapes , he now recalled , seemed not to be as ripe as he 'd assumed , initially .
resolving just to drop the issue was the best decision he could reach , because although timidity is rare , with apes , we do n't take needless risks for sour grapes .
fryx took a small golden hour glass from his breast pocket and delicately sat the device sand side up onto a small wooden table cluttered with bowls of cheese and grapes and half empty wine goblets .
amiras chef , a heavyset , mustachioed parilian named fortino , came wheezing out of the manse bearing a pair of baskets stuffed full of cheese , bread , apples , grapes , figs , and smoked oysters imported at great expense from the coast .
i do nt , katin grumped , plucking a grape from one of the baskets and gnashing at it .
she picked some grapes from the bowl on her desk .
there s nothing sweeter than cold grapes after a good lay .
she turned to look at katin , popping another grape into her mouth and swallowing it before she replied .
as david turned about and faced the west side where he had entered he saw large arbors of white - washed lattice wood covered with a lush growth of grape vines hanging down , having been carefully tied to the overhead archways .
some of these had grapes that were beginning to ripen .
when they had completed the meal , jair handed nathan a large cup of grape wine and bid him sit back and relax .
at the moment she was arranging large clusters of grapes and figs so that they might appear as appealing as possible .
plants pruned to flawless perfection , as well as small gardens of lavishly groomed flowers , several fruit bearing trees , and lush hangs of grapes , stone vases and small pools of crystal clear water , all surrounded him in its quaint loveliness .
there were several large and colorful clay bowls filled with figs and grapes and other desirable fruits sitting to one side .
matriaca poured him a large cup of grape and pomegranate juice and gave him bread .
his son followed suit , picking and then flicking grapes at the servants who stood around them .
i was finishing off my bowl of cornflakes and grapes when mercy slouched in .
` ` i wan na remove your clothes and spread warm oil all over your beautiful body slowly , in front of a warm fire , on a soft rug , drink wine , eat grapes , and make love for hours without stopping .
the doors made of ivory with gold handles contrasted sharply with the black all around , and on either side were ivory pillars intertwined with what looked to her like grape vines .
it really did look a lot like a blueberry bush , except the blueberries were about the size of a grape .
well , wine is a drink made from grapes .
all of the armor was dyed grape , giving stark contrast to dahlia 's creamy white skin .
she drove the little blade into his eye as if she was popping a grape .
if nestor had been twenty years younger hades , ten he might have asked her to join him on his divan , so he could feed her grapes and maybe talk her into something more intimate later on .
ill pop his eyeballs like grapes !
at our end of the table we had the chief magistrate seeing how many grapes he could fit in his mouth before choking .
in truth , he wanted to see her again , see whether those eyes were the way he remembered , whether her smile was as dazzling as he recalled , or whether his entire infatuation was the result of fermented grapes and spices .
dal reciprocated , smothering his discomfort with another deep gulp of grape .
but his words became increasingly brusque and undiplomatic , rapidly losing the ability to care who he insulted ; the grape was doing its job .
how much grape had he consumed ?
by the gods , how much grape did you drink ?
dal sipped carefully at his own glass ; he could taste the strong mischlan grapes and the undertone of cinnamon , but detected nothing suspicious .
` ` the land was probably full of all the grape and grain you could feast on .
i m told they had way too much rain in mid - summer , and the grapes grew too fast .
a touch of callot grape would have evened it right out .
the cap was shaped like a long grape or olive .
and a bunch of grapes .
i just nodded , and she smiled as she ate a grape .
raddia asked , but no one seemed to care , and when the wine sack reached her she could nt resist taking a hearty swig for it was the same as the wine she had first tasted in feerien , made from some fruit called grapes and infinitely better than the tame whiteberry stuff lurienites drank and whose effect on the drinkers mind was nothing compared to the fast elation this pungent red wine brought on .
he pulled her back and hugged her close , the scent of grape juice and play - doh tickling his nose , assuring him that this was real .
desiderio taught angelica how to tell when the grapes were ripe , and how to pick them without bruising them , and how to tie the vines .
the grapes wilted on the vines that summer , and their fathers face was careworn and the wine bitter .
she tripped over a cluster of glass grapes and groped for the nearest wall , smearing her palm with paint .
up the sides of the cottage climbed tomatoes , grapes and peas to almost cover half of the outer walls .
made of grape , wild berries and the ashur flower .
it looked like a grape that had been smashed between two fingers .
as the blood of grapes can remind one of lost summers , if only for a few moments , why can i not do the same with this ?
she turned the countryside from sodden farmland into groves of grapes that grew some of the best wine stenn had ever drunk .
i also had grape juice in my chalice to drink during my dedication .
in the buffet line , captain kirk and mr . spock chatted about the ` ` prejudicially terran cuisine here at starbase one '' as the vulcan popped a fat black grape in his mouth .
' if he presses his weight upon us we shall be crushed like grapes . '
clive shrugged , hefted himself onto the table and picked up a bunch of grapes .
he studiously picked individual grapes , chewed each one , and delicately spit the seeds into his palm and placed them on the corner of the plate on the table .
he continued to laboriously eat the grapes .
people see what they want to see clive concluded , carefully placing the stems from the grapes back on the plate .
he picked up a grape .
the third god gave the youth fermented grapes , from which he made the first wine .
in the vast darkness of outer space with various planets and elements showing forth colors of vibrant blues , indigos , greens , magentas and yellows scattered among an endless blanket of brightly glowing white stars , a large beautiful and green endless grape vine floated in space , flowing and glowing in a radiance of white light that grew and grew while appearing closer in view .
from this large and splendid vine blossomed several thousand grapes , thousands of scrolls of ancient writings and one single planet earth .
she picked a cluster of grapes from a bowl and leaned back in her chair .
haegatess ate a few more grapes while she regarded him .
she popped another grape in her mouth and fixed a steely gaze on her nephew .
he sat , plucked a cluster of grapes from a bowl and leaned back .
finally , he leaned forward , tossing a grape in his mouth .
young grape vines at each end of the porch had begun their climb over the rough - hewn wooden frame .
insects as large as grapes marched up his legs , planting their feet into the skin with greater force when he tried to pull them away .
he ate bitter grapes and apples and drank wine as his men carried his seat to the crowning area .
we were drinking sparkling grape juice through straws and toasting each other with a cold strawberry pop - tart when we finished .
i have witnessed ember pick up a grape she accidentally dropped on the floor at sunridge and eat it .
there was sausage , egg , bacon , cream buns , porridge , fruit , and grape juice .
it ll go down better than finding out magic comes out of thin air , at any rate , pepper said , downing a deep draught of grape juice .
you tell yourself that the grape is sour , but what you actually end up learning is to give up trying , because you re scared of the answer .
can you not tell yourself that this grape is probably sour ?
the mole loomed amazingly large , like a grape was growing from his nose .
when the grapes grow , pick them , crush them , extract the juice , ferment it properly , and you will have wine !
the two were sitting together in the back of a tavern , drinking spiced grape juice .
in one hand she held a cluster of grapes , and her other arm was arched above her head , as if she were dancing .
at a lightless shore of tenedos , he wants to have a love , picking karalahna , what s a kind of red grape , and he wants his arms and hands to be eroded while kissing in the middle of the wind .
there was a sullen flash of red light , then a sphere of fire the size of a large grape swelled into life there .
they bought bags of almonds and dried fruit , sweet pressed apricots and grapes , filled their water - bags at the clean deep wells , and continued on their way .
i vowed then that no matter what it took , even if i had to handfeed him grapes , i would make sure keith had no reason to doubt my loyalties .
under his hands , they simply came away from the trees , like grapes picked from a vine .
if i 'd known i was hosting a dinner party , i 'd have had the fancy meatballs in spicy grape jelly . ''
one of the men was dead , horribly dead , his body shrunken and wrinkled like a rotten grape , gaping holes burned into the body .
another plainclothes cop , out of place as a grape in a box of raisins , sat by an ashtray , smoking a cigarette .
dervish takes out two of the demons feasting on sharmila , using magic to pop their brains like grapes .
` ` sea grape , '' said the old man .
` ` sea grape is a kind of small jellyfish , '' explained the stranger .
he picked up a tall green bottle that was full of sea grape jellyfish wine and hurled it hard at the guestmaster , who flung up a hand as if to protect himself .
' it 's the way the grapes hang over your ear , '' said nanny , encouragingly .
` ` there 's grapes , '' he said .
` ` probably it 's not sinful to give you one grape .
how would you like a grape , little tortoise ? ''
` ` grapes , '' said om .
as if the turning of sunlight into wine , by means of vines and grapes and time and enzymes , was n't a thousand times more impressive and happened all the time ... well , he could n't even do the most basic of god tricks now .
some young women will be along in a moment with grapes and things .
i know that type , '' said didactylos ` ` all holy piety in public , and all peeled grapes and self - indulgence in private . ''
he found a bunch of fallen grapes and gobbled them until the juice covered his head , but it did n't make a lot of difference .
there was a shower of grapes outside .
with a regular bucket of ashes and a copy of last year 's almanack on a nail and a bunch - of - grapes cut out on the door it functioned quite effectively .
captain vimes picked up a grape and started turning it over and over in his fingers .
vimes examined the grape minutely .
he put the grape back on his plate .
' the bunch of grapes . '
i can book you in at the bunch of grapes on thursday .
' do n't start offering me grapes .
every door , every shutter had its clusters of wooden grapes and half - moon cutouts , and there were massed outbreaks of fretwork pinecones all over the walls .
they 're grapes , understand ?
' er , that 's a bunch of grapes behind his ear -- - ' ' well ? '
' i do n't like even to think about grapes -- - ' ' oh , come on . '
let 's go to the bunch of grapes then , all right ? '
' but she did say it was still a bit warm , so possibly you can fan her with a palm leaf while i peel these grapes for her . '
' merely waving a leaf is a very menial activity compared to removing grape skins , and i happen to outrank you .
there 's a barman at the bunch of grapes from there , though . '
and that was it , and suddenly here she was , a month later , wrapping her old boots , which 'd been worn by all her sisters before her , in a piece of clean rag and putting them in the second - hand suitcase her mother had bought her , which looked as if it was made of bad cardboard or pressed grape pips mixed with ear wax , and had to be held together with string .
grapes all over the place , eh ?
although , if you do n't mind , i could really do with some fresh grapes right now . ''
mort 's family specialised in distilling the wine from reannual grapes .
he looked at two eyes like boiled grapes , a shock of ginger hair , and a face that was a battleground between its native freckles and the dreadful invading forces of acne .
the reason it was so expensive was that the grapes it was made from had n't actually been planted yet .
back home , back at the guild , pillars were gracefull fluted things with little bunches of stone grapes and things around the top .
said dios , tasting each word as though it was a sour grape .
one of the girls immediately grasped his hand , moved it gently aside , and took a grape .
she peeled the grape anyway , while the snowflake seconds drifted down .
it would be barely adequate for lying around peeling grapes in .
' it 's not all peeling grapes , being a handmaiden , ' said ptraci .
back in the old kingdom she 'd never apparently had any original thoughts beyond the choice of the next grape to peel , but since she was outside she seemed to have changed .
usually they lie around the place peeling grapes or waving fans . '
chidder lay on a daybed on the palace 's veranda , while three handmaidens took turns to peel grapes for him .
` ` at this time of day i 'd try the bunch of grapes in easy street , ` ` said the guard .
a vague recollection of someone earnestly talking to him in the bunch of grapes was bobbing guiltily at the back of his mind .
` ` we 're having a whip - round to buy him some grapes and that , i do n't know whether you 'd like to , er ... '' ` ` put me down for three dollars , '' said the supreme grand master .
` ` we follow orders from our commanding officers , '' aidan argued while squeezing the head of an ogre until it popped like a grape .
it rested in the center of a vast square of lawn adorned with several pathways and gardens , which were fenced in by the endless rows of grape trees .
the patio had a stunning view of the rolling hills of the estate 's vineyard , where john 's famous pinot noir grapes were harvested into his infamous wine .
i mean in wine babes i ' ve never been attacked by killer grapes , as cool as that sounds . ''
a bunch of grapes ?
' you ... are going to be ... ' vimes began , unpeeling each word like a sullen grape of wrath .
just when i thought it would crush me like a grape , the air stilled again , completely dead of intention or life .
and then the spectral hand crushed his heart like a grape .
` ` ah , sour grapes , '' manfred said , smiling .
my fruit arrived - sliced cantaloupe that was hard and tasteless , canned pineapple , a banana in the peel , and some grapes .
i glanced back at my plate while i took the grapes off the stem .
mushroom soup , bitter greens with tomatoes the size of peas , rare roast beef sliced as thin as paper , noodles in a green sauce , cheese that melts on your tongue served with sweet blue grapes .
but since that 's all made up , i cut down a bunch of hard nuts that hang like grapes from a nearby tree and toss them ahead of me as i go .
potatoes make vodka , and grapes make wine , and grain makes beer .
i reached out with my hand , and the chemical structure on the board became reds and blues and yellows , three - dimensional , spinning , and i plucked away one thing that should n't be there - a yellow grape in the wrong place on the stem - and stuck a blue one in its place .
do you want to promise , or do you want me to peel you like a grape ? '' ]
esther perrine was sufficiently colorful in her remarks to warrant a sidebar of her own , and staff photographer tom matthews got a picture to go with it that made her look like ma load in the grapes of wrath .
breeze sat beside a small table , sipping his wine and eating grapes .
` ` it certainly is taking them long enough , '' breeze said , eating a grape .
but there was a bowl of sour grape blow pops on the sink counter .
there were rich clusters of a grape - like fruit glowing under the little pointed leaves , and he could reach them without getting up .
lucy looked again and saw it was a bunch of grapes .
everyone began eating , and whatever hothouses your people may have , you have never tasted such grapes .
really good grapes , firm and tight on the outside , but bursting into cool sweetness when you put them into your mouth , were one of the things the girls had never had quite enough of before .
then bacchus and silenus and the maenads began a dance , far wilder than the dance of the trees ; not merely a dance for fun and beauty ( though it was that too ) but a magic dance of plenty , and where their hands touched , and where their feet fell , the feast came into existence sides of roasted meat that filled the grove with delicious smell , and wheaten cakes and oaten cakes , honey and many - coloured sugars and cream as thick as porridge and as smooth as still water , peaches , nectarines , pomegranates , pears , grapes , strawberries , raspberries pyramids and cataracts of fruit .
after the initial pause while everyone 's mind had refocused to allow him room , they 'd been cautiously hospitable ; news travels even faster on a vine with few grapes .
` ` stop it right now or i 'll pop your balls like grapes .
there was a wet popping sound as she drove it home - the sound of someone stepping on a plump grape .
the cushions underneath me were soft , and the draperies that were curled over the back of the chair were silk , a deep purple like ripe grapes or the darker color of wine .
after that it raised head and trunk again and brayed horribly , then plunged straight forward into the room , trumpeting and trampling - continuously trampling like a girl treading grapes , heavily and soon wetly trampling in a mash of blood and bones , of flesh , wine , fruit , and sodden table - cloth .
there were turkeys and geese and peacocks , there were boars ' heads and sides of venison , there were pies shaped like ships under full sail or like dragons and elephants , there were ice puddings and bright lobsters and gleaming salmon , there were nuts and grapes , pineapples and peaches , pomegranates and melons and tomatoes .
a miniature samantha stood at the door into the hall , a busty girl of around sixteen in tight jeans and a t - shirt ; she was eating a handful of grapes and looking rather pleased with herself .
we heard the grapes are turning into raisins on the vines , and the ironmen have been pirating- '' ` ` ser ? ''
even grapes need water '' .
` ` i seldom touch the grape myself , but i have heard '' .
' very nice ... er , cherries -- ' ' -- grapes -- ' ' yes , of course , i meant grapes .
' very nice ... er , cherries -- ' ' -- grapes -- ' ' yes , of course , i meant grapes .
he 'd been ` ` ge - go '' for about a year , but boots had recently added an r. ` ` grape jelly , '' said gregor .
green and black , sunset orange , grape - soda purple .
we will eat the figs of our own tree , and the grapes of our own garden .
you will see that no razor has ever touched his head , and he takes nothing of the grape .
` ` it 's not too late to plant a few vines , grapes , cucumbers , and plant some other things .
the grapes in our gardens were ready for picking , and the figs , we had had all the figs we could want to be dried , to be made into cakes , to be eaten as they were .
the grapes we did n't eat were put out to dry as raisins ; no wine was made from them as the land around nazareth had no vineyards , but was for wheat and barley and sheep and the forests i loved .
` ` you press me like a grape , my lord , '' i said , ` ` between your thumb and forefinger . ''
go not to lethe , neither twist wolf , s - bane , tight - rooted , for its poisonous wine ; nor suffer thy pale forehead to be kiss , d by nightshade , ruby grape of proserpine ; make not your rosary of yew - berries , nor let the beetle , nor the death - moth be your mournful psyche , nor the downy owl a partner in your sorrow , s mysteries ; for shade to shade will come too drowsily , and drown the wakeful anguish of the soul .
the maid - could n't remember her name ( so typical of me ) -had set out a plate of flatbread , cheeses , grapes , olives , and some other goodies on a small table facing the magnificent view .
even i , with my whiskey palate , knew this was a five - hundred - dollar bottle of fermented grape juice fit for the gods .
when we approached a bustling market filled with merchants selling animals , grapes , and piles of olives , i was convinced that we were on some remote greek island .
mela ushered me over to a long line of bare - chested women amidst the crowd , holding everything from baskets of grapes to stacks of flatbread .
there were also two bunches of purple grapes at the bottom in lieu of testicles .
` ` interesting , '' i said , ` ` considering this should be peak time for them with the grape harvest and all . ''
it 's a varietal of terrestrial wine grape .
her skin smelled like dove soap and a little bit like the grape gum she 'd been chewing in the car , proud that she could keep it in her mouth without swallowing it , as she had several times in the past .
ordinarily , marcus head was filled with a handful of stories colliding around inside his skull , and choosing one was as easy as picking a grape in a vineyard .
she probably thought i was off my trolley , one grape short of a bunch .
chapter 11 roma the sun , with all the planets revolving around it , and depending on it , can still ripen a bunch of grapes as though it had nothing else in the universe to do .
some were sucking on cherries and grapes , several were drinking from gold chalices , one was smearing wine over the nipples of another while a man crouched open - mouthed beneath , catching the droplets on his tongue as they ran off her creamy , wine - blushed breasts .
i have to pull it from the grapes or the wine becomes a purge . ''
as the sweet smell of yeast and honey swept past , melaina watched them eating garlic , olives , grapes , barley biscuits .
but the pears had rotted on the trees , and the grapes rapidly turned brown and wrinkled on the vines , although laborers had worked hard to salvage them .
they brought the hierophant 's knees to his chest as theognotus , grabbing a glowing iron from the coals , said , ` ` shout so they 'll pop from the anus like livid grapes . ''
arkturus , the star that ushered in the harvest of grapes and pears , hung well above the horizon .
julia was soon deep in examination of a tray of ladys gloves , and susanna was left to pore , delighted , over the array of goods presentedrings , brooches , necklaces , tufts of feathers , bunches of purple grapes and shining strawberries , made of silk and stuffed for the adornment of hats .
and another angel came out from the altar , which had power over fire ; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle , saying , thrust in thy sharp sickle , and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth ; for her grapes are fully ripe .
i spoke after our main course principally of chicken , accompanied by grape juice .
she handed him an apple , then reached and took some grapes .
along the shore were stands of sea - grape trees , with a sweet purple fruit biting to the tongue .
he was from the sparsely settled north , where his father don alfonso de valera had planted forty - five acres of grape arbor in the mountains .
perhaps the youngest son of a vineyard owner might understand the best day to pick grapes for the claret , but such a raw youth would know nothing of the correct preparation of chocolate .
i got a look at gino this morning and i think he had a bit too much of the grape last night , if you know what i mean .
annie looked over at the grape stake fence .
maybe she would have grape jelly too .
annie noticed the grape stake fence around the caddie yard had been replaced with a chain link fence woven with green plastic slats .
girls learned how to cook and bake and do laundry , and also to tend to the gardens and help harvest olives and grapes .
boys cared for livestock , built outbuildings , made clay , crushed olives to make oil and crushed grapes to make wine .
nesta soon returned with a tray of bread , goat cheese , grapes and tea .
tatiana dropped a grape into her mouth , and spoke again while chewing .
and of course , lots of wine made with grapes grown by brutus himself .
helena offered her a sprig of grapes .
he bent down and looked over the bottom shelf where she had several books on the history of native americans , biographies on ella fitzgerald , fredrick douglass and james dean and culturally significant books like uncle toms cabin , grapes of wrath , to kill a mockingbird and black like me .
the merchantman loaded his nine pounders with grape but blankmann was expecting it , and had ordered his entire crew to lie down while the broadside thundered , and by the time it was over that blessed wind gage enabled them to lay alongside .
i had a nice little suburban nest with a beige and brown sofa in a plaid design , an icebox full of grape nehi , a brand new color tv on which to watch the golden age of ridiculous - premise sitcoms , and a rather impressive record collection .
nothing illegal , just pick grapes and press them and such .
dionysus had been merciless to me with that warm broth of fermented grapes .
athaliah was tasting the grapes , and praised their juicy flesh .
many of them were destitutes , who arrived just to taste good baked sheeps meat , eat sweet grapes and juicy granates and baked apples .
i will sell you some tales ... as you see - we are poor and sick , and the money will enble us to buy rape figs or rotten grapes .
dionysus god of greek mythology ( wine and excesses ) dionysus was the god of the grape harvest , winemaking and wine , of ritual madness and ecstasy in greek mythology .
picking oranges at griffith , pears at shepparton , grapes at mildura .
like juice from a grape , they let him through , drop by drop .
lucy put a bunch of mixed flowers on her bedside cabinet whilst dinah popped some grapes in the bowl .
i mentioned that i had visited a few estates in the area around green bay , to which he replied , let me show you how we grow grapes here on the winnebago .
lets go back up to my grape arbor and talk about those days .
i knew hundreds of thousands of people built trucks and made paper products over there , but we sat in complete silence under the shade of the grape arbor .
once again i was the only car in the drive , and once again picard walked me back to the presidents grape arbor overlooking the lake .
the president was waiting for me near his grape arbor , but this time he was standing and supervising the grape harvest .
the president was waiting for me near his grape arbor , but this time he was standing and supervising the grape harvest .
he motioned me back to the grape arbor where we had sat and talked last time .
the problem is that the more canes there are , the more grapes will be grown by this one vine .
if there are too many grapes , they have less flavor .
then we tie the two canes to this wire support so that the grapes will not drag on the ground and will be easier to pick in the fall .
actually grapes are very hardy and will recover from most of the mistakes we might make out here .
left wild , they will produce huge harvests of grapes , especially if they get enough rain .
most of our job is to stunt them in several ways so that we get fewer , but better , grapes .
i suppose they grow up around grapes .
around him , a mural on the walls depicted fields of ready - for - harvest barley , leeks , melons , grape vines , fig sycamores and date palms .
the orange columns towered twenty feet to the ceiling where paintings of sparrows on a grape trellis sang muted love songs .
in late afternoon three days later , theormi and ten other harem women in silken linens served pomegranates and pumpkins , gazelle and flamingo , five kinds of beer , grape , date and pomegranate wine to two hundred guests in the hall of pillars .
hurrying into the hituptah winery , open for the god sokar festival two hours before midnight , mehi and an - khi inhaled sweet , rich scents of grape juice and fermenting wine swelling from earthenware vases .
inside the vat , five men wearing only loincloths in the thick heat grasped wooden poles , which stretched across the top , while tromping on a two - foot layer of grapes in precise rhythm to the music of two harpists on the platform .
one of the men dancing on the grapes looked up at mehi .
he rolled over to slurp up grapes a harem woman offered to him upon her palm .
piyes opened mouth displayed mashed grapes and catfish .
but when hordedef massaged juniper oil , honey and grape wine into the skin , his expression relaxed and lustered .
a staircase connected the kitchen with the cellar he was familiar with as he had helped the monks to carry grape juice to the tournament every spring .
grape leaves hung over the veranda .
the calibre is too small to do much damage with round shot but it could be used to fire grape shot against infantry .
still , it does nt help that mother narrows her eyes , accentuating the lines at their corners , and purses her lips as though she s swallowed a sour grape whenever she catches sight of arisis stomach .
aristippus was a prosperous but not wealthy owner of a small estate , who raised olives , grapes , and sheep .
a fair and honest man , he did not beat his slaves , and was known to sell his grapes and olive oil at fair prices .
as aristippus threaded through the crowded square looking for the merchant , plotinus , who might purchase his grapes , he was aware of the energy that filled the athenian atmosphere .
` ` i want to talk to you about my grapes .
the grapes will be large and sweet .
aristippus would deliver so many wagonloads of grapes , and plotinas would pay him an agreed sum .
if the grapes he sold to me make as fine a wine as this , we will both be rich . ''
orwell brought roasted partridge , grapes , and figs from the kings kitchen , left over from that evenings meal and set it on the table between the couches .
she liked a dry red with lots of flavor , and two oceans sort of reminded her of a glass of wine that had been prepared starting with a sour bucket of pure welch 's purple grape juice .
guy smiled at him and popped a grape in his mouth .
guy tossed another grape up into the air , caught it , and flipped it in his mouth .
i want a grape crush , says josh .
asks josh , eyeing his grape crush as she removes the can from the cold box in her cart .
were jewish ... but we do nt eat kosher ... she smiles again and passes him the can of grape crush .
the figure of uncle marty has appeared in the doorway and now he s headed to the table , picking a grape from a bunch of grapes in a bowl .
the figure of uncle marty has appeared in the doorway and now he s headed to the table , picking a grape from a bunch of grapes in a bowl .
around avallon the land supported , among other things , the growing of wine grapes .
when the grapes ripened other peasants would be hired to pick them and bring them to the presses that m. duroc controlled .
there will just be three of us for dinner this evening , so i was thinking we might eat in our grape arbor , but looking at your gown , elise , it appears our formal dining room would be a better match .
the chance to talk about this years grapes and this years garden was a relief .
finally we got to the grape vines on the lower edge of the estate .
i kept my eyes up the hill , watching from behind a grape vine .
bullets tore through the plants all around us , scattering leaves and grape canes .
when she listened again and heard nothing , she brushed off the terrible chill , tasting the paranoia like sour grapes in her mouth , waxy and bitter .
one was given over to grape vines that snaked along the walls and looped overhead , and strawberries in pots .
skilled at growing grapes and making wine , the group found pennsylvanias climate and soil unsuitable .
once again , they uprooted and settled along the wabash river on deep , fertile well - draining soil capable of growing the grapes for their wines .
the vineyards yielded several varieties of grapes , the orchards apples , figs , and even oranges and lemons , unusual for a land of harsh winters .
her lips are as full as the ripest , fattest grape waiting to be plucked , and when she smiles and bursts into a most delectable laugh , the brilliance radiates for a good half mile .
there , do you see that sign with the three bunches of gilded grapes hanging over that door ?
the captain calms down quickly and ushers me through the doorway as we pass under the gilded grapes .
i wonder what margin they make on the wine we get from our own grapes .
by the time we finished pressing that years crop of grapes into wine , the snow began to fall .
the king , reclining on a chair with legs crossed resting one upon another , was greedily feeding himself grapes with one hand and slurping wine from a large bejewelled goblet held by the other .
do you trample your own grapes to make your own wine ?
the green - covered slopes erupted in golden clusters of cowslips , interspersed with patches of blue grape hyacinths .
where the fuck are my grapes ?
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
vastation - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 vastation 441 the 252 and 202 of 193 i 186 a 127 to 109 in 81 my 70 that 49 was 45 me 45 it 38 s 38 from 38 he 35 with 35 his 34 were 31 or 31 they 31 for 31 on 30 t 29 one 28 as 28 into 27 is 25 at 24 an 24 them 23 who 22 by 22 we 22 when 21 him 20 d 19 m 19 like 18 be 18 their 17 old 16 our 15 had 15 but 14 what 14 went 14 up 14 all 14 are 14 through 13 so 12 only 12 wife 12 ve 12 while 12 out 12 before 11 no 11 than 11 most 11 ones 11 well 11 got 11 time 11 do 11 not 10 universe 10 back 10 this 10 over 10 there 9 even 9 you 9 dark 9 those 9 more 9 how 9 few 9 black 9 every 9 down 9 us 8 set 8 its 8 potter 8 just 8 after 8 any 8 other 8 man 8 human 8 don 8 then 8 hole 8 ever 8 because 8 which 8 been 8 around 7 could 7 right 7 upon 7 good 7 pontiff 7 cat 7 made 7 such 7 city 7 myself 7 didn 6 ll 6 never 6 god 6 came 6 if 6 her 6 much 6 left 6 last 6 some 6 forth 6 until 6 brain 6 think 6 everything 6 red 6 light 6 blood 6 day 5 going 5 matter 5 sleep 5 eventually 5 go 5 dream 5 little 5 past 5 molecular 5 themselves 5 another 5 has 5 hell 5 house 5 earth 5 humanity 5 long 5 might 5 two 5 will 5 future 5 six 5 am 5 fleas 5 beneath 5 once 5 pod 5 night 5 along 5 times 5 sacrus 5 high 4 can 4 gone 4 people 4 really 4 better 4 arms 4 real 4 would 4 existence 4 self 4 fire 4 many 4 she 4 way 4 questions 4 later 4 kept 4 end 4 smoke 4 pretty 4 whole 4 actually 4 did 4 again 4 sometimes 4 next 4 big 4 hundred 4 except 4 soft 4 far 4 also 4 cell 4 planet 4 eye 4 certain 4 occasionally 4 nothing 4 although 4 darkness 4 have 4 oh 4 undying 4 eyes 4 ages 4 about 4 maybe 4 own 4 thick 4 ways 4 each 4 half 4 still 4 very 4 nonetheless 4 stars 4 space 4 within 4 cosmic 4 travel 4 wasn 4 re 4 killed 4 these 4 see 4 either 4 enough 4 thing 4 years 4 first 3 show 3 personal 3 milk 3 white 3 exist 3 near 3 fat 3 fireworks 3 damned 3 say 3 pit 3 turn 3 gave 3 shit 3 bed 3 great 3 sure 3 new 3 rats 3 ted 3 material 3 roof 3 park 3 come 3 decided 3 mind 3 seemed 3 masses 3 none 3 form 3 baby 3 give 3 plague 3 being 3 walls 3 now 3 too 3 hadn 3 turned 3 days 3 via 3 spent 3 planets 3 million 3 things 3 men 3 off 3 known 3 does 3 girl 3 itself 3 during 3 open 3 life 3 mirror 3 extra - dimensional 3 dead 3 together 3 continent 3 fucking 3 extant 3 force 3 said 3 hollow 3 water 3 started 3 bastards 3 three 3 full 3 find 3 imagined 3 moon 3 became 3 selves 3 same 3 spread 3 between 3 since 3 alive 3 tiny 3 youth 3 mother 3 used 3 nor 3 softy - cuddles 3 hand 3 pogroms 3 across 3 finally 3 version 3 leave 3 side 3 milkman 3 works 3 remained 2 super 2 survivors 2 bench 2 everyone 2 return 2 drunk 2 rose 2 final 2 mccoy 2 etc 2 happy 2 table 2 green 2 yellow 2 fungus 2 wonder 2 blasted 2 perfect 2 colonies 2 prior 2 holland 2 teatime 2 get 2 behind 2 bottom 2 hot 2 enter 2 distorted 2 necromancer 2 bottles 2 prime 2 2 2 booze 2 millennium 2 fills 2 meat 2 squad 2 desired 2 sea 2 lord 2 eater 2 ur - nyctos 2 match 2 bloody 2 purged 2 away 2 beyond 2 dirty 2 whores 2 pyrenees 2 understand 2 passed 2 under 2 intellect 2 regenerated 2 forgotten 2 x 2 jeff 2 pictures 2 living 2 technology 2 ignored 2 bubble - domed 2 hunch 2 shadows 2 kind 2 hooks 2 send 2 nuked 2 regions 2 your 2 daughter 2 acolytes 2 diabolical 2 space - time 2 method 2 monster 2 look 2 where 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 convinced 2 probably 2 slime 2 file 2 bunkers 2 skull 2 paper 2 devil 2 circle 2 make 2 burning 2 slept 2 grew 2 inside 2 suspect 2 strings 2 likely 2 tribe 2 know 2 physics 2 fungal 2 flea 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 scrolls 2 puny 2 sucking 2 sucker 2 genetic 2 so - called 2 meant 2 world 2 gaze 2 equilibrium 2 seed 2 priest 2 chief 2 candle 2 walk 2 galaxies 2 event 2 best 2 maw 2 flagellants 2 king 2 carried 2 makes 2 fear 2 sack 2 standing 2 yard 2 waves 2 vacuum 2 cal 2 teeth 2 flies 2 angry 2 despite 2 doesn 2 forces 2 alien 2 star 2 clouds 2 lot 2 stasis 2 began 2 terra 2 irradiated 2 efficiency 2 returned 2 organs 2 perhaps 2 trying 2 imagine 2 land 2 knew 2 worked 2 flesh 2 race 2 epochs 2 killing 2 fine 2 tea 2 watch 2 meanwhile 2 quantum 2 rome 2 assimilated 2 line 2 need 2 center 2 tears 2 villa 2 drink 2 crete 2 details 2 vaults 2 pupil 2 war 2 cycle 2 morning 2 carbon - based 2 happening 2 float 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 care 2 heat 2 dreamed 2 family 2 45 2 primal 2 mass 2 crack 2 crude 2 invaders 2 security 2 games 2 couldn 2 understood 2 everybody 2 civilization 2 pals 2 face 2 home 2 rock 2 legend 2 gathered 2 measure 2 sapiens 2 several 2 peephole 2 feel 2 liquefy 2 cockroaches 2 exponentially 2 hillside 2 reckoning 2 horror 2 settings 2 iteration 2 reality 2 finished 2 however 2 accompanied 2 crushed 2 kid 2 allowed 2 among 2 thousand 2 private 2 whining 2 tar 2 homo 2 lanterns 2 indeed 2 artificial 2 billion 2 sat 2 deep 2 horizon 2 similar 2 summer 2 named 2 free 2 sent 2 raised 2 yet 2 friends 2 smelled 2 feed 2 truth 2 won 2 billions 2 thought 2 restless 2 children 2 lowered 2 body 2 pocket 2 dna 2 gods 2 appeared 2 backward 2 dogs 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 machines 2 limited 2 rap 2 bullets 2 stream 2 painful 2 echoed 2 bored 2 level 2 done 2 hammer 2 absorbed 2 relativity 2 true 2 worm 2 0 2 afterward 2 host 2 called 2 elvis 2 small 2 dread 2 found 2 game 2 android 2 former 2 ask 2 dozen 2 nearly 2 mold 2 take 2 impossible 2 tracking 2 present 2 joined 2 comrades 2 perfected 2 general 2 lovely 2 whispers 2 size 2 orgy 2 buried 2 humans 2 metropolises 2 brought 2 blackness 2 drop 2 party 2 scientists 2 sentient 2 checked 2 vases 2 team 2 modifications 2 destroy 2 tokyo 1 bonkers 1 zipped 1 noah 1 hominids 1 pissy 1 throes 1 wait 1 absorbs 1 screws 1 lumbered 1 portal 1 flattened 1 favorite 1 project 1 rulers 1 sheets 1 death 1 ashore 1 lies 1 muck 1 creates 1 quaking 1 infertility 1 resembled 1 rustle 1 ran 1 grapes 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 identify 1 processes 1 failed 1 punctuated 1 depths 1 squatted 1 toss 1 warm- 1 growl 1 hear 1 suspicion 1 sufficient 1 chicago 1 lack 1 wheel 1 cooked 1 updraft 1 juncture 1 stone 1 jupiter 1 snail 1 cerebral 1 possesses 1 breeding 1 matted 1 cracks 1 second - in - command 1 exhale 1 accumulating 1 drugs 1 latter 1 heft 1 evening 1 wildfire 1 holding 1 lowest 1 deal 1 bc 1 thoroughfares 1 exaggeration 1 sentimental 1 cephalopodan 1 slicked 1 ooze 1 denomination 1 b 1 logic 1 pulse 1 vast 1 delay 1 codes 1 seconds 1 riot 1 shat 1 showering 1 dissolved 1 poison 1 burger 1 job 1 stripling 1 leader 1 secrets 1 met 1 tooth 1 missed 1 port 1 detached 1 research 1 eliminated 1 crib 1 application 1 arrived 1 laws 1 drifted 1 both 1 appreciate 1 rushing 1 e 1 locations 1 lest 1 inspect 1 erstwhile 1 spied 1 obliterate 1 spouse 1 speed 1 squads 1 attach 1 drinking 1 plotted 1 regular 1 ventures 1 manager 1 wet 1 respected 1 pots 1 semi- 1 maniac 1 emperor 1 third 1 governments 1 poles 1 spasms 1 disease 1 stole 1 planning 1 constituent 1 spray 1 something 1 wasting 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 remote - operated 1 twirled 1 smear 1 effete 1 stuff 1 teeters 1 age 1 hells 1 infinite 1 higher 1 dilates 1 rewind 1 mental 1 rouse 1 van 1 howdy 1 foot 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 plan 1 ticking 1 monstrous 1 commoner 1 reversing 1 devours 1 replicating 1 gargoyle 1 hope 1 die 1 cook 1 toga 1 gets 1 ops 1 pot 1 cloning 1 ours 1 lounged 1 drawback 1 hurts 1 primordial 1 entire 1 nanobots 1 cantonese 1 wine 1 simple 1 splattered 1 blame 1 sown 1 exterminating 1 listened 1 hair 1 amuses 1 devised 1 hurtling 1 coup 1 mathematicians 1 achieves 1 bean 1 expected 1 fraternize 1 spectacle 1 mousetrap 1 calculation 1 yesterday 1 trapped 1 god - emperor 1 insinuated 1 shine 1 woke 1 nigh- 1 talking 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 gravity 1 massacre 1 mare 1 planned 1 liberace 1 iterations 1 exiled - potentate 1 far- 1 watching 1 lacking 1 amok 1 sitting 1 punch 1 stack 1 sisters 1 thrown 1 brainboxes 1 thirteen 1 campaigns 1 remaining 1 understanding 1 spilled 1 damn 1 presented 1 beachheads 1 populations 1 flame 1 penetrates 1 series 1 questing 1 switch 1 implosion 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 bards 1 clone 1 tended 1 osmosis 1 proxy 1 sine 1 swims 1 grasped 1 original 1 seldom 1 slew 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 torment 1 writhing 1 dear 1 squandered 1 rotting 1 proud 1 online 1 qualifies 1 bud 1 iron 1 biological 1 griddle 1 feasted 1 gurgles 1 preferred 1 inches 1 move 1 biting 1 dusty 1 moments 1 hacking 1 goes 1 velocity 1 notice 1 nerve 1 motion 1 prosperous 1 wifey 1 medical 1 movie 1 soon 1 kong 1 sycophants 1 theory 1 miss 1 laird 1 sending 1 reach 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 beautiful 1 transmogrifies 1 protoplasmic 1 cork 1 follow 1 endless 1 zero 1 cowardly 1 cells 1 resistance 1 bio 1 jean 1 hum 1 gigantic 1 costumes 1 landmarks 1 scream 1 struggled 1 chest 1 mush 1 departure 1 wave 1 synchronized 1 someone 1 herself 1 programmed 1 peels 1 grown 1 arguably 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 entirely 1 stations 1 lifetimes 1 flung 1 states 1 suffice 1 pal 1 boogeyman 1 tripped 1 infancy 1 wide 1 researchers 1 skippy 1 invasion 1 start 1 rubbed 1 swiss 1 actual 1 voice 1 fiasco 1 resurface 1 begins 1 generated 1 far - flung 1 father 1 changed 1 crept 1 alignment 1 anyone 1 suck 1 awful 1 honeycombed 1 eight 1 forward 1 acquired 1 beat 1 madness 1 colleagues 1 sol 1 bugs 1 insides 1 sake 1 animates 1 punk 1 soldiers 1 croak 1 choir 1 cross 1 chattered 1 io 1 facets 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 utopian 1 writers 1 conculcated 1 demonstrate 1 hundreds 1 information 1 carthage 1 chinks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 shapes 1 anticipated 1 village 1 commode 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 settle 1 doctor 1 lifeless 1 insane 1 obscene 1 shocked 1 ungainly 1 aesthetic 1 knows 1 cats 1 fucked 1 disaster 1 rim 1 basket 1 means 1 recorded 1 blind 1 flags 1 dystopian 1 bureaucrat 1 moaned 1 remainder 1 awarded 1 drag 1 fuse 1 slimy 1 grist 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 making 1 effluvium 1 master 1 matches 1 axis 1 state 1 heard 1 flat 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 fossilizes 1 modify 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 vendor 1 george 1 afterthought 1 fly 1 outdated 1 least 1 less 1 depending 1 percentage 1 hank 1 lead - filled 1 bobbed 1 ink 1 custodian 1 swallows 1 lunchbox 1 glop 1 toward 1 servitors 1 cuffs 1 fate 1 intended 1 gene - splicers 1 science 1 crowd 1 puff 1 shoulders 1 odor 1 hanging 1 termed 1 rat 1 monstrosity 1 fabric 1 bounce 1 eat 1 pasta 1 solicited 1 wake 1 glass 1 quadrillions 1 against 1 kitchen 1 certainly 1 music 1 bumps 1 carefully 1 occupation 1 playing 1 else 1 society 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 busy 1 scratch 1 ability 1 aspect 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 stiffening 1 howling 1 slithering 1 fourteen 1 lesbian 1 rope - a - dope 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 purported 1 plank 1 somebody 1 cathode 1 twenty- 1 hu 1 rapidly 1 squatting 1 display 1 liberal 1 disappeared 1 escape 1 colors 1 six- 1 bat 1 why 1 sigh 1 eradicated 1 talks 1 orbital 1 dissolve 1 scraps 1 stonehenge 1 notwithstanding 1 mills 1 shone 1 slavering 1 oversized 1 scooped 1 wars 1 funny 1 contracted 1 reorganizing 1 follows 1 design 1 enemies 1 american 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 soliloquy 1 unmodified 1 vastation 1 paintings 1 involved 1 united 1 boys 1 murdered 1 toilet 1 lincoln 1 inquiry 1 tendrils 1 visiting 1 eggshell 1 varieties 1 vein 1 g 1 fueled 1 smother 1 okay 1 ship 1 sit 1 powerful 1 finer 1 self - willed 1 thrill 1 wanted 1 fungoid 1 loved 1 idiots 1 culture 1 yacht 1 inscrutable 1 sitdown 1 worse 1 catatonia 1 mad 1 ye 1 bedroom 1 doctors 1 billie 1 recent 1 concentrated 1 tenant 1 devils 1 senators 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 yeah 1 gang 1 expands 1 embolism 1 optical 1 strange 1 goo 1 sank 1 heralds 1 r 1 walnut 1 roam 1 grafts 1 straight 1 skirt 1 cymbals 1 mystical 1 unique 1 military 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 sawed 1 evolved 1 continental 1 baddies 1 mill 1 battalion 1 groundwork 1 july 1 illimitable 1 may 1 hoovered 1 penises 1 different 1 functional 1 goats 1 optic 1 amply 1 inheritors 1 wires 1 number 1 revel 1 cheese 1 jaunts 1 byzantine 1 dialects 1 relevance 1 remember 1 caligula 1 managed 1 summoned 1 ender 1 population 1 universal 1 exploded 1 vault 1 resist 1 proved 1 stern 1 mutant 1 suicide 1 cease 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 elimination 1 eagerly 1 mastered 1 animals 1 cortex 1 pierce 1 sound 1 crashes 1 spit 1 related 1 sauntered 1 predators 1 cavorted 1 mess 1 gears 1 strung 1 lutes 1 shot 1 mover 1 broadcasts 1 receive 1 nano - enhanced 1 banquet 1 birdbath 1 ha 1 stateside 1 activated 1 pathogen 1 annihilation 1 rise 1 displaces 1 skulk 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 dial 1 skulls 1 barron 1 sixty - seven 1 sacruses 1 kablooey 1 50 1 beetles 1 armageddon 1 safer 1 glowing 1 field 1 culmination 1 played 1 wang 1 rows 1 manually 1 current 1 ancient 1 inset 1 decades 1 fun 1 mortals 1 mid - sentence 1 convulsive 1 trillions 1 mustard 1 abyss 1 continuum 1 shortly 1 son 1 chinese 1 framework 1 explorations 1 scientific 1 complex 1 astro - physical 1 dirt 1 nine 1 egghead 1 filled 1 string 1 bunk 1 reason 1 burnt 1 poets 1 filmed 1 scrabble 1 tablets 1 octopi 1 useful 1 keeps 1 mud 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 centuries - long 1 ancestry 1 throat 1 honestly 1 squeak 1 lizards 1 shooting 1 words 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 arrayed 1 enlightenment 1 macedonian 1 minutes 1 corpse 1 inbreeding 1 porch 1 box 1 distant 1 drops 1 suspended 1 rusty 1 macy 1 amontillado 1 whilst 1 essential 1 march 1 fellow 1 drip 1 personnel 1 establish 1 ice 1 imbrium 1 stages 1 fool 1 notion 1 hunger 1 mean 1 polyglot 1 whisper 1 stick 1 idiot 1 intuitive 1 fleshy 1 wicker 1 masturbating 1 socks 1 enclave 1 continual 1 primacy 1 weren 1 effect 1 pop 1 bahamas 1 saps 1 perspective 1 shaving 1 bessy 1 lay 1 react 1 major 1 replicants 1 place 1 intergalactic 1 above 1 help 1 vagaries 1 play 1 particles 1 learned 1 circuits 1 mortal 1 eldest 1 modest 1 materials 1 overlords 1 previous 1 ichor 1 overflowed 1 prince 1 cracked 1 choked 1 empathic 1 lights 1 guts 1 claw 1 birds 1 ganglion 1 catapults 1 perpetual 1 sulfurous 1 type 1 parchment 1 eulogies 1 lonely 1 perpetrate 1 uninterruptable 1 brink 1 eons 1 signified 1 south 1 neutron 1 homogenize 1 partially 1 astronomy 1 doubtless 1 yeasty 1 trinity 1 amount 1 laser 1 rival 1 jagged 1 venerated 1 government 1 told 1 york 1 sci - fi 1 contact 1 bombs 1 purge 1 fighting 1 snuffed 1 interest 1 poor 1 smiling 1 semaphore 1 sensibilities 1 astronomical 1 nano - cloud 1 come - back 1 build 1 sliced 1 descending 1 empire 1 horse 1 jars 1 reproductive 1 era 1 majesty 1 whimpers 1 stare 1 debunked 1 person 1 aimed 1 shell 1 regrettable 1 overpopulation 1 monsters 1 homicidal 1 slain 1 buffoon 1 crooked 1 rage 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 cowered 1 impressed 1 biology 1 hooted 1 fries 1 persist 1 outside 1 immortality 1 process 1 tong 1 young 1 witchcraft 1 herald 1 slipped 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 decipher 1 relentless 1 cylinders 1 reborn 1 bump 1 functionally 1 knowing 1 wiped 1 halloween 1 threw 1 power 1 rendered 1 anomalous 1 bizarre 1 adopts 1 notable 1 grip 1 mine 1 snowflake 1 nanoseconds 1 support 1 zen 1 ants 1 honorable 1 including 1 control 1 rugged 1 alight 1 valuables 1 hours 1 androids 1 redundancies 1 wood 1 hate 1 supercollider 1 unknowable 1 moody 1 ministry 1 critically 1 speak 1 contracts 1 layers 1 laying 1 rebuild 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 packs 1 undeath 1 writing 1 call 1 claws 1 undone 1 excite 1 blankness 1 humble 1 dregs 1 entities 1 forms 1 argument 1 tentacle 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 replica 1 encounter 1 dog 1 looted 1 whatnot 1 severed 1 predict 1 moiling 1 easily 1 bathroom 1 comes 1 deity 1 pack 1 snored 1 closest 1 bang 1 conferred 1 barred 1 peep 1 breathed 1 slobbering 1 weak 1 caught 1 organizing 1 according 1 sloth 1 highlights 1 repository 1 hapless 1 petted 1 staff 1 release 1 si - phoned 1 cooking 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 scored 1 ouroboros 1 nerves 1 basic 1 chatting 1 trillion 1 drive 1 constantly 1 saved 1 artemis 1 roots 1 crumbling 1 concerned 1 conventional 1 flailed 1 simic 1 energy 1 system 1 month 1 beloved 1 orbit 1 nowhere 1 labyrinths 1 overseen 1 innards 1 model 1 appears 1 lasted 1 recklessly 1 avenue 1 calling 1 algorithms 1 brains 1 matrices 1 bricked 1 explain 1 sky 1 facedown 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 enveloping 1 slow 1 highly 1 inner 1 blithering 1 beside 1 arm 1 affect 1 fundamental 1 sooner 1 materialize 1 survive 1 metropolis 1 visit 1 flip 1 case 1 licking 1 animating 1 mouth 1 rice 1 ago 1 stoop 1 silver 1 surface 1 slip 1 belts 1 thanksgiving 1 hostiles 1 veil 1 machete 1 altar 1 limericks 1 scatter 1 primitive 1 changing 1 cold 1 closet 1 dilettante 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 flatten 1 beads 1 crawled 1 station 1 wound 1 linen 1 truly 1 crows 1 balls 1 lived 1 revere 1 polluted 1 castle 1 competing 1 hoover 1 remnants 1 run 1 shifters 1 twisting 1 quill 1 layer 1 distress 1 remains 1 glazed 1 revealed 1 cycles 1 couple 1 large 1 plug 1 brothers 1 literally 1 hands 1 snores 1 reversed 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 noggin 1 built 1 sonorous 1 grand 1 strain 1 shred 1 bones 1 quasi - immortal 1 smashing 1 apex 1 spine 1 rabbit 1 breeze 1 haywire 1 took 1 expect 1 burned 1 starvation 1 collaborators 1 awake 1 rest 1 pitched 1 operator 1 generations 1 rinse 1 commission 1 flutes 1 laughs 1 believing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 aware 1 infiltrated 1 astronomers 1 plate 1 approximate 1 black - and - white 1 hideous 1 prof 1 props 1 eyeball 1 mushrooms 1 mechanism 1 whose 1 openers 1 guards 1 obliviousness 1 legs 1 beings 1 anthrax 1 love 1 fall 1 vitro 1 bowels 1 terror 1 work 1 ramparts 1 self - murder 1 stories 1 naturally 1 singularity 1 unto 1 re - growing 1 angel 1 ishness 1 emerged 1 mainstream 1 possess 1 reorganized 1 cigar 1 squamous 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 imprinted 1 wish 1 booboo 1 minor 1 semi - infinite 1 motives 1 solipsism 1 wouldn 1 weight 1 joe 1 anthropologists 1 spewed 1 realistic 1 khan 1 delineating 1 freakish 1 hidden 1 extinct 1 grow 1 double 1 squeeze 1 changelings 1 paradise 1 mission 1 tenements 1 committing 1 drowned 1 intricacy 1 year 1 let 1 paris 1 shambling 1 photos 1 bush 1 slugs 1 crawling 1 approval 1 monkeys 1 stew 1 shrieks 1 transmogrified 1 trees 1 jumped 1 fours 1 reasons 1 happen 1 heel 1 rule 1 lethal 1 straying 1 compound 1 average 1 theories 1 marionettes 1 kills 1 usually 1 status 1 nice 1 problem 1 produced 1 charging 1 muckety - muck 1 dry 1 popular 1 exactly 1 warm 1 anew 1 reproduce 1 alike 1 wrongo 1 folds 1 eccentricities 1 converted 1 steam 1 conspire 1 disturbing 1 anachronistic 1 dimensions 1 due 1 sun 1 frequent 1 approached 1 organics 1 food 1 remembered 1 unbeknownst 1 replacement 1 thus 1 plum 1 daily 1 bits 1 bright 1 nails 1 roman 1 waste 1 changes 1 hold 1 asleep 1 thrilled 1 populated 1 rating 1 prison 1 regeneration 1 sons 1 disguise 1 tracks 1 others 1 larger 1 tomfoolery 1 campaign 1 compromising 1 sector 1 sneaky 1 nano - bots 1 fault 1 here 1 shade 1 pinhole 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 clay 1 eternity 1 jangled 1 ass 1 anon 1 gravitational 1 honeys 1 zapped 1 chain 1 rack 1 repopulate 1 admittedly 1 reset 1 lives 1 reply 1 clones 1 book 1 hollywood 1 saltes 1 put 1 passage 1 scuttled 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 dissect 1 fake 1 though 1 dinner 1 attack 1 operating 1 secret 1 betwixt 1 extract 1 sprouting 1 dreamers 1 atmospheric 1 collar 1 riffle 1 squat 1 slapping 1 wheedling 1 mood 1 flea- 1 thwarted 1 x - ray 1 quenching 1 scriven 1 cameras 1 resists 1 dignify 1 whiteness 1 unnerved 1 scientist 1 imagination 1 tripping 1 path 1 sporination 1 stout 1 single 1 observe 1 masticates 1 craze 1 reactions 1 dimension 1 television 1 faded 1 scan 1 swung 1 foothills 1 fourth 1 crocodile 1 scrawled 1 bum 1 scheduled 1 configured 1 properties 1 archetypes 1 fro 1 amphibian 1 latent 1 led 1 points 1 covers 1 thread 1 justice 1 sower 1 slanted 1 dam 1 dreams 1 track 1 weird 1 acted 1 milkshake 1 copped 1 bust 1 oily 1 echoes 1 backstop 1 erase 1 someday 1 insensate 1 attended 1 train 1 comatose 1 celestial 1 inconceivable 1 blew 1 onions 1 spring 1 gusher 1 studded 1 singular 1 newborn 1 cheat 1 corner 1 sallow 1 cocktail 1 complicated 1 empty 1 nukes 1 equal 1 ftl 1 slaughter 1 concentrate 1 depopulating 1 longer 1 surprising 1 scores 1 mankind 1 calculations 1 welts 1 steps 1 limp 1 press 1 scared 1 ground 1 fantastical 1 languished 1 historians 1 reintroduce 1 malice 1 leaf 1 tech 1 explore 1 resembles 1 timeline 1 executions 1 half - million 1 rushed 1 masters 1 further 1 base 1 congruent 1 randomly 1 spy 1 slingshot 1 puppets 1 territorial 1 step 1 mesh 1 activates 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 metaphorical 1 roughly 1 names 1 centuries 1 crowded 1 forehead 1 loop 1 stretches 1 magnitudes 1 throne 1 twin 1 weakly 1 briefly 1 color 1 fancy 1 instead 1 exposed 1 ozone 1 diagrams 1 lightless 1 throb 1 c 1 shabby 1 low 1 pure 1 poetic 1 elixirs 1 modification 1 paul 1 held 1 gene 1 smarter 1 temptation 1 flabby 1 screams 1 minute 1 purposes 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 linear 1 school 1 self - replicating 1 ennui 1 officer 1 circumstances 1 wings 1 cave 1 fell 1 enemy 1 courage 1 snap 1 nagging 1 expired 1 vermin 1 stroke 1 sandals 1 lobotomized 1 republic 1 heavy 1 petting 1 shrieked 1 drove 1 dome 1 dormant 1 ate 1 stem 1 bursting 1 programming 1 swapped 1 draw 1 stalked 1 throughout 1 alas 1 correct 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 reign 1 rehabilitation 1 spinning 1 skies 1 five 1 slinky 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 heightened 1 jelly 1 multiplying 1 promptly 1 spiny 1 bunnies 1 tell 1 supremely 1 inhospitable 1 blackest 1 falls 1 sectors 1 elephants 1 specialist 1 irritated 1 babies 1 sunset 1 fired 1 shirt 1 cloud 1 tasks 1 bloom 1 gotten 1 balance 1 modern 1 lurch 1 short 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 subatomic 1 paid 1 resultant 1 chance 1 millions 1 majority 1 moderately 1 basics 1 carry 1 name 1 door 1 sleeping 1 genghis 1 guilt 1 edgewise 1 schmuck 1 non - euclidian 1 yokohama 1 nullify 1 exiled 1 require 1 sides 1 philosophy 1 ride 1 mouse 1 dick - stiffening 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 tongues 1 defiance 1 rear 1 avoided 1 vacationed 1 listen 1 bought 1 fur 1 principles 1 incomparable 1 remain 1 quarter 1 underground 1 rend 1 lap 1 tormented 1 cask 1 mused 1 reduced 1 trousers 1 nearer 1 deed 1 answers 1 feared 1 leap 1 fought 1 tachyon 1 persons 1 jr 1 superpowers 1 contrail 1 room 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 saw 1 demonstrated 1 revive 1 consumed 1 scene 1 athens 1 chopping 933 .
she is one of those religious people who believe christ drank unfermented grape juice .
how he would figure among them in the churchyard , between services on sundays ; gathering grapes for them from the wild vines that overran the surrounding trees ; reciting for their amusement all the epitaphs on the tombstones ; or sauntering , with a whole bevy of them , along the banks of the adjacent millpond ; while the more bashful country bumpkins hung sheepishly back , envying his superior elegance and address .
on that side of the road where the brook entered the wood , a group of oaks and chestnuts , matted thick with wild grape - vines , threw a cavernous gloom over it .
maybelle pinched off a grape from an overhead vine as she walked by and tentatively bit it in half .
eyes like peeled grapes opened and malformed faces grinned , fingers like scratching sticks reached towards the sky along with other things that were not fingers at all .
the next day she awoke with a smile and a deep pain in her stomach , and after a heavy breakfast of four oversized grapes , maddy went to her closet to dress for work .
she passed on the grapes and a reheating of last night 's soup of hot water ; she got out the frying pan and a big stick of butter .
sour grapes , said tom , smiling again .
it was the sound of a classroom cracking its knuckles and squashing grapes by the bucket .
the evidence was falling hard on him now a shelf with knickknacks , a fox eating grapes and his certainty caved - in .
` ` well , the grapes are getting warm , so hurry it up ! ''
my eyes caught sight of a grape sized bruise the color of pale chartreuse , the edges fanning to green then finally purple .
* * * for more stories and information , please visit : http : //www.aprilgrey.blogspot.com and www.aprilgreywrites.com michelle kilmer and rebecca hansen excerpts from the spread : a zombie short story collection written by michelle kilmer and rebecca hansen * * * the price of convenience after the healthiest snack he could find at a mini mart a snack pack of apples and grapes paul was back to his delivery route .
scrolling leaves and grape clusters were welded on in an attempt to soften the hard steel lines , to make it look more artistic than utilitarian .
the gate was cold and i struggled to get my hands on it , the bunches of metal grapes and leaves biting into my flesh .
they smell like grapes .
the side of the mans head seemed to give way , to crumple inward , the eye on that side bulged and split like a grape .
she had included fruit ; apples , grapes , and pears .
out of confusion more than hunger , i let her choose for me a few pieces of piercingly orange cantaloupe , as well as honeydew , red grapes , vegetarian potstickers , cheese and spinach quiches , spanakopita , bruschetta , baby brie and crackers , and many other things .
quickly whisking up his handsome stud persona , reginald grimaced as though biting into a sour grape .
he sipped the wine glass , the burst of fermented grape filling his mouth .
shed learned to like the taste of fermented grapes and always tried to make sure her victims were nice and drunk when she drained them of their blood .
they ate my eyes like two grapes .
he bought the land of a blasted abbey on the verge of the bakony range and used the surroundings to cultivate grapes for wine .
it is a beautiful land that yields excellent grapes , our wines are very good .
she unveiled a great bunch of violet grapes .
turning , the grapes reflected the overhead mercury lamps as a multitude of tiny rectangular suns .
finally she placed the bunch of grapes on the corner of the table .
do nt you like grapes ?
finally she picked up the bunch of grapes again .
they glanced with professional impassivity at the simultaneous offerings of revolving grapes and bloody meat to an averted contemplative face .
as his family talked in the living room , he walked around the house with a glass of grape wine and reflected on his life .
hear the sheriff found them in a bowl with a bunch of grapes .
nebbiolo grapes .
i see her in those dark grape arbors , creeping all around the garden .
thoughts began to go astray and to mingle with other thoughts ; the beech alley was transformed to a path between ilex - trees , and here and there a vine climbed from bough to bough , and sent up waving tendrils and drooped with purple grapes , and the sparse grey - green leaves of a wild olive - tree stood out against the dark shadows of the ilex .
are you going to let us have something to drink or do we need to start growing our damned grapes for a glass of wine ?
i had a thermos of hot chocolate and a plastic bag full of extremely fat green grapes , and some roasted peanuts , to satisfy the salty craving that was sure to come as i got tired of sitting in the dark .
the grapes and peanuts and thermos were all in a canvas bag that dangled from my right arm , and i had the blanket and pillow tucked under my left .
my bag of food sat on the kitchen counter , a few grapes missing from the bunch .
its outer walls were wrapped in vines bearing grapes of every color , some larger than their skulls , and from these dripping grapes was formed a moat of wine .
its outer walls were wrapped in vines bearing grapes of every color , some larger than their skulls , and from these dripping grapes was formed a moat of wine .
once within , they paused to admire the towering tesserations and ubiquitous flora , picking grapes from the vines along the walls that were every bit as potent as the wines they produced .
it felt like i was like trying to squash giant , warm grapes .
the waiter returned with their water , some glasses and a small bowl of fruit , mostly grapes , and left them .
` ` my spanish is just fine , '' the man said , pulling a few grapes from the bowl and cramming them into his mouth at once .
the man chewed as he tried to look apologetic , a maneuver which resulted in grape juice trickling out the corners of his mouth .
glass shattering to the floor , mixed in a waterfall of flavors , orange , grape , lime .
they discussed grapes ; they discussed the retail grocery business and how the big chain stores were pushing the little guys out ; they discussed the hostage situation in iran ( that summer everyone discussed the hostage situation in iran ) ; they discussed the political climate in southern california .
george was like the fox who could n't reach the grapes and told everyone they were sour .
he got lipstick and i got grape jelly .
the wood grew back like skin over a grape .
it was squirting through her fingers like a freshly peeled grape .
one eye bulged from its socket ; the other had burst like a squeezed grape .
you 're not rich ` ` records '' tozier down there ; down there you 're just richie ` ` four - eyes '' tozier and you 're with your buddies and you 're so scared it feels like your balls are turning into welch 's grape jelly .
he looked at the picture of downtown derry as it had been almost thirty years ago , old - fashioned cars and trucks , old - fashioned streetlights with clusters of globes like big white grapes , pedestrians by the canal caught in mid - stride by the click of a shutter .
the methodists used welch 's grape juice instead of wine , and the body of christ was represented by cut - up cubes of fresh , springy wonder bread .
in that early summer of 1971 it had been a kind of hippie xanadu , a hilly head shop full of freaks and folkies and yippies and bands with names like moby grape and the thirteenth floor elevators .
he wanted issues and battle lines and never mind standing in the cold outside supermarkets handing out leaflets about the lettuce boycott or the grape strike .
without faith , the cross is only wood , the bread baked wheat , the wine sour grapes .
my legs felt thick and slippery like grape jelly .
she saw his staring , bulging eyes pop like grapes .
pride had kept moses out of canaan , where the grapes were so big the men had to carry them in slings .
she dumped their clothes in the water , which was stone - cold , then grimly jumped in and began to stomp and slosh around , like a sicilian mashing grapes .
he drank quarts of gatorade , v-8 , welch 's grape juice , and various brands of orange drink .
the taste was high and sweet and rotten , not the taste of lively grapes but of dead grapes that had not lived well .
the taste was high and sweet and rotten , not the taste of lively grapes but of dead grapes that had not lived well .
as his mouth flooded with that horrible sweet - purple taste , he could actually see those grapes - dull , dusty , obese and nasty , crawling up a dirty stucco wall in a thick , syrupy sunlight that was silent except for the stupid buzz of many flies .
if he had hit the wall dead on , the bottle of magic juice would undoubtedly have shattered in the pack , drenching his few clothes and good old rand mcnally with the odor of rotting grapes .
he tipped the bottle up , and the awful cold taste of rotted grapes filled his mouth for the last time .
shit and rotting grapes .
he would smell it on his mother , drifting out of her pores , the smell of shit and rotting grapes , the black disease .
just look what happened at that nutty place down in south america - when the man in the reflector sunglasses told them to drink the purple grape drink , they said yassuh , boss , and drank it .
i caught a nightmare glimpse of huge black lusterless eyes , the size of giant handfuls of sea grapes , and then the thing lurched back into the mist with what remained of ollie weeks in its grip .
his eyes popped wide open , bulged , and then burst like grapes in a microwave .
there was a small and unimportant popping sound c the sound a grape might make when squeezed suddenly between the fingers .
on the side of the house is a grape arbor with a trellis , and a wooden swing hanging from the branch of a tree .
i was just on my way to see heather chambers in hospital and take her some grapes and ... gallstones , marge .
fiona gave her an odd frown , like shed just bitten a licorice jellybean when she expected grape .
below that , i read : at chateau hill vineyards , we are proud of our zesty , flavor - filled wines made from grapes grown on our windkissed slopes in mendocino .
we age and magically blend the grapes for a smooth and consistent flavor that goes well with pasta or grilled meats .
the grapes have been harvested , crushed , and bottled .
we believe that it helps the grapes .
tammy puts some soil and special stones into a magic bowl and then adds some grape seeds .
i could see bunches of grapes on the vines with yellow and red leaves .
i planned to pop a top on one of the cold grape sodas i kept in the fridge and then sit back and watch some reruns or an old movie .
i thought as i sat sipping on my grape soda pop .
jonathan did not hear the remainder of the exchange , standing back for an elderly lady with white hair and silk negligee to pass in the direction of the grape trolley .
` ` care for a grape ? ''
` ` you ca nt get anything from a grape , '' replied jonathan .
` ` what if there s blood on the grape ?
` ` how can you get blood on a grape ?
and are you going to inject the grape ? ''
but after exchanging glances they did not eat the grapes .
` ` grapes , canaps , everything .
the catering team came in with pastries , grapes and wine , not forgetting copious soft drinks for the non - drinkers .
thus he twirled up the steps , spitting out grape stones , the dark juice dribbling from the corners of his mouth .
the size of a small suitcase , the purse is packed : barrettes ; a bottle of sweet - on - him perfume ; a tower records receipt with some boys phone number written on the back ; kleenex in floral prints ; a half eaten donut from this morning ; a letter from her school counselor , asking to meet with her parents ; root beer and choco - berry and cherry favored lip glosses ; a small pearson mason english boar bristle hairbrush that she stole from andersons drugstore ; a large plastic brush with missing bristles ; aspirin ; a broken purple swatch ; a grape blow pop ; a lucky rabbits foot her father gave her for her tenth birthday ; two make - up compacts , the mirror cracked in both ; a small , leather bound photo album ; and , at the bottom , a scattering of skittles and pennies and pennies and pennies .
watermelon , strawberry , chocolate , grape and orange .
he picked up some grapes that had also been beside the water .
that act alone must have taken effort as she drank some water and ate a few grapes .
i was an idiot , '' said shari as she ate another grape .
are you going to be a giant grape then ?
shed brought him grapes , which she sat eating , spitting the pips into the brown paper bag .
smiling as vanessa departed , dangling grapes , she pulled the curtains to .
before turning in , after the most sumptuous room service evening snack tray i d ever had , which consisted of a bottle of merlot , smoked gouda , chilled grapes and fancy english soda crackers , i called daniel .
i must say , during my past - life dream , as nefertiti , i did nt dislike being fanned continuously by mostly naked , nicely tanned , muscular male slaves in loincloths and lots of black kohl eyeliner , being fed grapes and bread by said slaves , and trying on the gold and lapis lazuli jewelry commissioned for me by my pharaoh husband , handcrafted by the royal gem smiths .
he elbowed jacques who , by now , was fingering some plump grapes , and pointed at me .
after considering it briefly , he responded , ca nt say that i have , tipping his regal head back in order to allow a slave to drop a grape into his open mouth .
the pharaoh chewed the plump grape before answering , you know i will .
lucy came up the stairs in her long grey mack , whistling , waving a bunch of grapes .
my best friend 's in hospital , she explained ; and she hates grapes .
she sucked a grape .
want a grape ?
the grapes look okay though .
i threw a grape at her , pleased when she snatched it out of the air with her teeth .
it looked like smeared grape jelly .
like naked women feeding him grapes and singing sweet love songs while they waved palm fronds to cool him [ when a man is alone , his mind will always turn to sex , or at least the idea of someone wanting to have sex with him ] .
chandeliers hung in discreet bunches , like translucent grapes .
after all , my mother was the type who wore high - heels when she vacuumed , and would rather be rolled in grape jelly and staked to an anthill than be seen in public with even one hair out of place .
she pulled a bunch of grapes from the lunch bag perched precariously on her ever expanding abdomen .
light dawned in april 's eyes , and she paused in mid - chew , tapping her bottom lip with a grape .
` ` and i can help dee dee cook , so you 'll have more time to investigate , '' april suggested , sucking on yet another grape .
hugo threw a grape high in the air , catching it in his mouth without coming close to a tooth .
` ` maybe a grape would cheer you up ? ''
vine leaves and grapes . ''
to avoid answering was like not looking at an accident while driving down the road , or not eating the last grape on a vine otherwise picked clean .
there s a grape in mine .
it was a disaster , probably because the grapes that had been grown and harvested were so poor in the first place .
mickey 's father was concerned that there seemed to be a fungal infection in the over - wintering vines as well as in the cuttings and new rootstocks in the greenhouse and that there may be no blossom in the spring and therefore no grapes .
the farm was performing badly and the grape harvest from the vines had been one of the poorest ever .
` ` never mind , it 'll be better than it all going to waste , '' pop said with a grin at the thought of an unruly mob of elves high on his grape juice .
nicky said as he examined the specimen , ` ` that is definitely a classic case of chlorosis , or iron deficiency , common with grapes grown on limestone soils - i did a paper on this three years ago , it 's easily treatable ... '' pop and nick both surrounded the pair of young men , both suddenly very proud of their respective sons .
he was probably eating grapes by a swimming pool somewhere in abuja .
my student of levitation asked upon my return , her voice tipsy as she rode the waves of fizzy grapes circulating throughout her corpulent system .
at that their thirst they quenched with special jute fruice , freshly made from grapes and turpentine and one brigade of drunken seagulls .
he opened the bottle of a lemon snapple juice and drank a few sips , giving a grape flavored bottle to lanai .
for a moment he wondered what it would be like to be a grape .
the solitary grape , which had risen from the dying embers of a springtime blossom , could know little of the world around him , but that it brought him light and dark , rains and winds , and sunshine and chill .
and , all things considered , this little fellow would have had a somewhat dreary existence , given that his window upon the world was restricted to the sight of hundreds of other grapes , each of similar appearance , and only being broken occasionally by a passing farmer , a flying insect or an imperious spider .
and yet , and despite , and perhaps because of , those circumstances , which would have driven many to despair and depression , this courageous little grape grew and ripened ; and whilst others around him may have been gobbled as they slept by gangs of wild boar , and others plucked by the pin - precise bills of passing birds , and still others were stuck down by disease and pestilence , yet did our little hero cling to life and sweeten upon the vine .
merlot merlot noun a black grape grown in france and now throughout the wine - producing world , used , often in a blend , for making wine any of various wines made from this grape already seated at the bar was merlot , a man 15 years or so younger than gout , however some years younger than he currently felt ; he was shaven headed , tanned and finally managing to relax .
merlot merlot noun a black grape grown in france and now throughout the wine - producing world , used , often in a blend , for making wine any of various wines made from this grape already seated at the bar was merlot , a man 15 years or so younger than gout , however some years younger than he currently felt ; he was shaven headed , tanned and finally managing to relax .
having long since learned the lesson of mixing red wine with anything other than more of the same , coupled with copious side orders of mineral water , merlot stuck with his regular grape , but asked steroid if he could possibly have a smell of his before being slugged down ; merlot tricked him , and slugged it down himself .
` ` its bakal , he bought them , i m telling you , and now he wants them drunk with this champagne , made by a descendant of canon godinot in thailand using a variation of pinot noir grapes . ''
the dowry my parents offered consisted of the first pick of tuscan grapes from our family vineyards for as long as we were married .
we can get some humus and grape leaves and spiced meat and pita bread .
full of orange , grape and melon yumm !
it was a welcome invitation to a bachelor who survived on bologna sandwiches and grape nuts .
i ordered a small caramel sundae and he ordered two double cheeseburgers , fries , a large grape slurpee , and a banana split with extra whipped cream .
i forced my attention back to the conversation and successfully feigned interest again ... until he took a huge drink of the grape slurpee .
the grapes of wrath 15 .
the grapes of wrath tonights cavern gig is the first big chance for plain truth .
we are in the grapes pub , and i am reflecting on my invite to sofia .
julian , ged , and i acquiesce and leave the grapes to go and watch the first band , allowing the last vestiges of hope that sofia might grace me with her presence to evaporate into the cold winter night air .
outside the grapes , we see brenda effortlessly propping up brian in some vain attempt to get him to cross the road .
she points to the grapes .
i lean across to the small table next to the bed with its lucozade , grapes , and woman magazine .
jack grabs a cheap 2 - liter bottle of grape soda and a bag of potato chips .
jack sits under a tree and chugs some grape soda from the bottle .
orange or grape ?
his mother grabbed two small , plastic tupperware cups from the cupboard , gave the tupperware container holding the juice a couple of quick shakes , popped the plastic opening on the container top and deftly poured the grape juice .
you want some grape juice ?
sara , would you like some grape juice ?
the fact she never chose grape over orange , was not the first and it certainly would not be the last time charles would inadvertently deny her a chance at choosing .
charles sat sipping grape juice , wondering if he would get to see the tractor again .
some oranges hung in bunches like grapes .
in the spirit of hospitality , i also provided my guests with some brie with crackers and some grapes and apricots that i d purchased from a local market up the street from my hotel .
the last thing shed stolen was a stem with four grapes on it from the produce section of whole foods , and that was six years ago .
throw in a side of deep fried tater tots and wash it down with some ice cold grape lemonade kool aid ( half grape half lemonade , try it and thank me later ) and you can hall me off to the executioner .
throw in a side of deep fried tater tots and wash it down with some ice cold grape lemonade kool aid ( half grape half lemonade , try it and thank me later ) and you can hall me off to the executioner .
far too long have i stood idly by while the christmas season has swept through the calendar like a spilled cup of grape juice on the kitchen counter .
it does nt taste like grapes .
gwen said , its better than grapes .
it is better than grape juice .
another sip , the last in the glass , and laleh said , its much better than grapes .
he looked at the decanter , at the embodied efforts of monsieur delas , at all that monumental effort the good frenchman had put into growing the grapes and making the wine , and knew he was nt going to get that anytime soon , either .
she remained mute , sipping the grape juice .
they waited , and sipped the grape juice .
she just looked at the greenish amber colored liquid , and thought of working in the champagne region of france as a vigneron , growing chardonnay grapes and making wine .
then she looked at the ceiling , with its fresco painting of grape vines on it .
he asked them if catherine and anna could ask questions about growing champagne grapes , and working on the estate .
chapter 45 filming at the louvre the beginning of the second week of filming they left the grape growing region and went back to paris .
while cabernet franc is a common component of french bordeaux blends , its only in the loire that this grape can be made satisfactorily into a stand - alone wine .
i understand how this happens actually butif i know that the door on the 19th floor slams way too loudly when using the stairs to get to the club lounge on the 18th floor or that if you attempt to have breakfast in the club lounge after 7 am you had better plan on fighting people for a seat , any remaining fruit ( usually the green melon no one wants to acknowledge or the diseased grapes ) and count on getting your hand sprayed with the last remaining non - decaf coffee from the push down dispenser ( not enough for a cup but plenty for a scald ) , and that you have to write the parking pass number on the front of the parking structure ticket or risk getting a piece of helens mind i would hope they would recognize menot so .
they always have these fruit cups these days and they are filled primarily with melon rind ( which tastes just like it sounds ) and grapinssmall grapes that are close to raisin stage .
the first phone appeared to have grape jelly smeared all over the receiver .
usually i am aware enough to excuse myself from my peers and pound the liters of fermented grapes out of my asshole in a muddy porcelain wrecking mess .
maye weather wore a shimmering purple gown that made her look like an ethereal grape , and she had worked herself into a state of nervousness .
they eat cheese and crackers and grapes .
they would n't look so good with grape juice stains .
grape juice is purple , but we name it after the fruit it came from .
white grape juice is technically light yellow and white grapes are a kind of pinky , translucent , greenish opaque .
white grape juice is technically light yellow and white grapes are a kind of pinky , translucent , greenish opaque .
gale the mouth sat on the sofa with me , sipping a sidecar and luxuriating in knowing what it was like to steal something ; something more than a few grapes in the produce section of the supermarket .
he said , i took a boat trip up the rheine river one time , and its amazing to see how steep the slopes are , covered in vineyards , all the grapes going to make riesling .
its the only grape i know that never makes a bad bottle .
the guy did n't answer , just took another sip of the flat wine that had n't started out the night before at a very high level and now was at a level lower than welch 's grape juice .
the smiley curve on westlake 's face transitioned back from upwards to downwards , and he picked up his glass of low rent grape juice .
westlake sat back in his chair , put the glass of grape juice on the table , and closed his eyes for fifteen seconds .
the seed was round , brown and about the size of a grape and covered in tiny spikes .
the sarge picked on the grapes they had brought him , as they made a meal of all this information .
he stopped to pick on the grapes while he gathered his thoughts .
he paused for more grapes , then he exclaimed oh , look .
gday sandy , jim she replied , before turning to sergeant clive and presenting him with another bag of grapes .
thanks for the grapes .
` ` you tend to use grapes .
` ` you grow the grapes in the canals ? ''
` ` umm , i think the grapes like the idea of the canals , '' said neville .
` ` why ca n't the grapes dream of canals on the hills of amsterdam ? ''
` ` the storks of winnipeg admire themselves in the moonlit canals while the grapes dream in their hillside vineyards above the city . ''
` ` the storks eat the grapes and forget how to fly ? ''
right after lunch , tabby decided instead of finishing her grape juice at the table , she would take it with her .
substitute words for heaving bosoms and succulent nipples with things like powder puffs and grape popsicles .
wiggy manned the tiller and eyed the gauges while bella fed him peeled grapes , one by one , and hummed the melody from an old earth tune -- something about a flying purple people eater .
* * * deprived jimmy was feverishly working on a defence against otto , coupled with taking it easy on ir ( sour grapes and memoirs were not happy bedfellows ) .
she recalled answering that she enjoyed green grapes more than red grapes .
she recalled answering that she enjoyed green grapes more than red grapes .
did this mean that scott hunter also preferred green grapes ?
should tegan have fallen a single additional centimeter in either direction the wooden point would have plunged into his daughters retina like a stiletto heel into a grape .
fizzies came in the standard cola flavors , like orange , grape , lemon - line and a sort of coca - cola , but my favorite was the root beer .
i tried to atone that night , my back propped against the bed headboard , my usual cup of tea , handful of grapes , chunk of cheese and murder mystery in hand .
i managed to wriggle out of my dressing gown , toss my extra pillow and the book on the floor , put my glasses and the grape dish on the bedside table and turn out the lamp without disturbing the royals .
must be some plates , i thought as we were led to the next station where a goofy young gal named moon shadow was experiencing great difficulty rolling smoked trout , raisins and jasmine rice into sherry - brined grape leaves .
` ` you ca nt roll slimy grape leaves wearing those hazardous material grade gloves .
moon shadow , your hands are clean , so go roll those grape leaves ; only try for a bit leaner and tighter , okay ?
a globby purple eddy opened in the space before them , smelling faintly of grape jello .
it was purple and stank of fake grape .
similar to curdled milk or grape jelly beans ?
again , the purple portal opened , but this time with a more genuine , healthy scent , like fresh - spilled grape juice on a woolen carpet .
sour grapes , i suppose .
he felt as a tropical ocean breeze must feel , where there are oceans , when one is surrounded by date palms , by grape vines and fields , by immense olive orchards ripening .
` ` the only grocery store in dis town gets all stuck - up if they ketch ya wit yer hand in da grapes , anyall , an ' ah knows a kid lifted a candy bar once , an ' you know what - all is in dem candy bars ?
` ` we 'll hafta solve grape juice , in the stead .
if they wanted a bird bath with a fluted pedestal or a neo - gothic garden shed or plastic corinthian columns with bunches of grapes carved into the plinth to support their car port , that 's what they 'd get . ''
i guess they did nt migrate to places where you can make corn liquor , but you ca nt make wine , because the grapes are as wrong as the growing conditions .
i m tempted to sneak a couple of sandwiches before the ants get them but settle for nicking a small bunch of grapes instead whilst hoping for them to be seedless because charlie ca nt eat any other kind according to kim and yes my prayers are answered as i nibble a succulent one .
i was just waiting for the right moment , i said while nibbling on a bunch of red grapes .
i turned back towards her , having put down the grapes .
* * * i popped a grape into my mouth ( yes , i now ate fruit on a regular basis ) and started to type my next blog post .
its akin to being back in his mothers womb , and since ninety - percent of guys have that latent i wan na date my mom tendency anyway , you really ca nt go wrong -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- i downed a few more grapes and fully understood what james had meant in a recent conversation .
bg : skip spence , from moby grape .
it was at the oscophoria , a grape harvesting festival , that i first glimpsed kallisto .
throngs of people crowded the temple in celebration as youths brought forth the finest ripened grapes from the vine .
the small moon seemed about the size of a large round grape held at arms length , and the other two moons were twice , and at least twice again , the size of the smallest .
how different the stocky , club - armed , stump - shanked woman with short - cropped grizzled hair , a black mustache , and a face scored like a walnut shell , from that adolescent girl , so fleshless she looked to be on the verge of starvation , whose eyes shone in their deep sockets like wet grapes , and whose black hair was so long it appeared never to have known the blades of scissors .
also of m. giardi , the vintner , whose roots in the soil of haute - savoie were deep and strong , and whose wine was pressed from grapes he tended and harvested with his brother .
suppose i , after closing the book on protestantism , from the wailing of snake handlers and the jabbering of those who speak in tongues to the chanting of divines in the high church of england , had eventually returned to mother church , even as a nonbeliever , and had taken the sacraments as merely symbolic wafer and wineare they any closer to flesh and blood than the methodists bread and grape juice ? and had said prayers with my fingers crossed , and had renounced and retreated from the world of my fellowmen and women .
ai = m sorry , but there is no pregnancy , this is what is called an molar pregnancy , the early placenta develops into an abnormal mass of cysts that resembles a bunch of white grapes .
she reached over and plucked a grape from the bowl at the center of the table .
brechts caucasian chalk circle and the good woman of setzuan , steinbecks the grapes of wrath and something by dostoyevsky maybe .
ted reaching for his glass hit my elbow and made me spill half my grape juice on my lap .
it consisted of two huge dummies with comical faces that trod imaginary grapes , and the resulting wine flowed out into a trough from where it was served to the customers .
all the servers i work with make fun of people who order white zin because they say its not a ripe grape .
its made from un - mature red grapes , so its for un - mature tastes .
the other servers love this time , swishing the wines around , describing the nuances , and naming the vineyard in italy where the grapes were grown .
apple , orange , banana , pear , grape .
the skins of apple , pear and grape implored his roughened teeth to slice them , to swim in their succulence .
if i was ever italian i was one of those women who had ten lives squashing grapes with her feet .
the sun pours honey over the hills , the grapes swell on the vines , the harvest is brought in .
lise stretched her mouth wide as if she had bitten into the alum of a grape seed .
bett looked forward to using the splayed toothbrush to brush clean the raised grape leaves on the good china .
there were small blossom shapes that looked a little bit like grape hyacinths interspersed with long branches of cells .
his idea of pushing culinary boundaries was trying strawberry instead of grape jelly on his pb & j .
these included banabrooks last bottle of a rare dessert wine made from grapes with the legendary noble rot .
since i first set eyes upon him , he had reached continuously into a burlap pouch to draw forth a hazelnut or grape .
ichabod gulped as if he swallowed a vine of grapes , while his eyes realigned with his book of witchcraft .
as i listened to innocent patter of water against flesh , my beloved imagination worked its magic and swelled my pituitary from the size of a grape to an apple .
the back drop is a sumptuous banquet laid out : renaissance , a calf's - head , those still - lives , with comports overflowing with grapes .
grapes are the done thing in hospitals .
the father drew more pictures : the egg halved , then quartered , then grew into a bunch like grapes or a cluster of frog eggs .
his eyeballs felt like they were itching , he wanted to tear them out of his head and crush them like grapes in his fingers .
one exclusively of apples , four of them on a table top ; one of a mixture of oranges , bananas , grapes , with four bearded wheat heads in a green what looked like ( but probably was nt meant to look like ) plastic bowl ; the one behind her of grapes , both green and purple , two oranges and a glass pitcher of water .
one exclusively of apples , four of them on a table top ; one of a mixture of oranges , bananas , grapes , with four bearded wheat heads in a green what looked like ( but probably was nt meant to look like ) plastic bowl ; the one behind her of grapes , both green and purple , two oranges and a glass pitcher of water .
it comes in the form of a trusty liter of dirt cheap vodka , and mixed with some grape gatorade it 's like heaven in a glass .
and yet , despite all these improvements , there were still some insurgent strongholds comprised of ingrates with a case of sour grapes , denounced even by their own governments , that had to be smacked on the nose every so often , as one might do to a dog with a rolled - up newspaper , so as to establish a sense of discipline and order throughout the populace and make it clear just how important civilization is to the good of the people .
i m also reading some of the american writers ( i prefer them to the english , although i am a little partial to dickens ) ; john steinbeck is impressive , i just finished east of eden and grapes of wrath .
after the oldie of the cafe of the station has summoned him what you have in the jacket , or you pay him / it to me , or you wait for the policemen with me ... chicken has not stolen anything , not even the grape from the fields .
to today i have not understood yet if the done shower '' to the scot '' both a healthy practice or an idiotic custom , but i / you / they are gone out of the shower rigid as a codfish from cell , with two grapes of grape to the place of the testicles and a prawn frozen in mean .
to today i have not understood yet if the done shower '' to the scot '' both a healthy practice or an idiotic custom , but i / you / they are gone out of the shower rigid as a codfish from cell , with two grapes of grape to the place of the testicles and a prawn frozen in mean .
and that is a very happy thought , so let 's go over to chez eugne and have some grapes and wine . ''
on top she had already placed a crystal bowl with red apples , oranges and ripe peaches , topped by a cluster of dark purple grapes .
what kind of grapes are they ?
my grapes are chenin blanc .
are they the grapes that are just outside the house ?
would you also take me out to where the grapes are planted ?
i understand that the french grape plants were devastated by a fungus .
but , what you do nt know is that these grapes escaped the fungus .
these grapes , this chenin blanc on this land , they are special .
i still want to see the grapes .
that s the best grape terrain in california .
at home they call that grape petite syrah .
inside the bower , also made of stone and entwining ivy , oak beams cross the top with a gnarly overgrowth of grape vines .
randals in the back , hooking up a new tank of grape soda .
you never know when were going to get a run on grape soda .
maybe he s waiting for a grape soda .
he was talking about a woman whose name sounded to tracy like babblin the grape .
a small platter of seedless green grapes , strawberries , and cut cantaloupe .
you got the bug juice locker , which was pretty easy shit as long as you kept the big aluminum cans of bug juice topped up , dumping in the powder and smelling the sweet cherry or grape flavor in your nose and then filling them up with water with the spray nozzle and you kept a dozen or more always ready to hump out on the mess decks and up and over the lip of the bug juice dispenser and pouring the red or purple water down into the transparent tanks on top while the squids waited for you and bitched for their bug juice .
the ceiling was baroque plasterwork which formed fruits of every type and description ; apples , pears , pomegranates and grapes all hung down looking real enough to eat .
@ davey went down into the room below and watched as the gimlet broke through the heavily decorated ceiling to emerge between a pear and a bunch of grapes .
cindys sitting cross - legged on the couch , eating grapes .
cindy comes to the door , yelps a startled cry and drops her bowl of grapes on the floor .
we stop by tyler avenue for wine and a blanket , and the jitney for oranges , cheese , buns and grapes , then head south on highway 7 , merging onto 9w and straight into paris .
the table is cluttered with bowls , cups , shakers , tins , plates and jars of strawberry jam , grape jelly , peach preserves , jalapenos , minced garlic , parmesan , monterey jack , crumbled sausage , bacon bits , shredded cheddar , cognac , prosciutto , cinnamon , tabasco , alfalfa sprouts , strawberries , raspberries , blueberries , blackberries , boysenberry jam , chives , capers , barbecue sauce , anchovies , ricotta , wheat germ , teriyaki , lemon curd , sun dried tomatoes , red eye gravy , caramel sauce , maple syrup , molasses , chopped onions , shallots , saffron , pineapple chunks , shredded coconut , salsa , chili peppers , bleu cheese , sardines , soy sauce , worchester sauce , shaved ginger , peanut butter , bourbon , pine nuts , peanuts , cashews , chocolate sauce , butterscotch , horseradish , half and half , brown sugar , goat cheese , ham , mustard greens , wild irish rose , mozzarella , black olives , black pepper , nutmeg , and honey .
he s just holding a sharp knife and a bunch of grapes he just snipped from a vine somewhere .
that s a line delivered by ma joad at the end of the grapes of wrath .
she sniffed it and let the smell of grapes calm her .
she washed it down with grape juice from the inn 's kitchen -- she glared down at the lid - cup with a wrinkle of her nose .
her hand clutched the insulated jug of grape juice as she set it in the basket .
she sighed , eyes focused sole on the dance of the grape juice with the glass .
` ` tuna sandwich and grape juice .
` ` the aroma of tuna and grape juice is hard to confuse with anything else . ''
she reached inside and pulled out the grape juice , unscrewing the plastic lid after giving it a collection of firm shakes .
natalie met his gaze , lowering the bottle of grape juice as an eyebrow arched upward .
natalie set aside her grape juice with a deliberate action , her eyes focusing on her fingers that still held the bottle .
duty - bound , the commander , well dressed but completely disheveled with his black hair at odds with his head , climbed the steps and wearily flopped on the throne with a cluster of red grapes in his hand .
much like a fat cat toying with a mouse , the commander tossed grape after grape at rasa through the bars of the cage while indulging in his egocentric discourse .
much like a fat cat toying with a mouse , the commander tossed grape after grape at rasa through the bars of the cage while indulging in his egocentric discourse .
he added , throwing another grape through bars .
steinbeckthe first chapter of the grapes of wrath . ''
the grapes of wrath has already been written , and so has ulysses and siddhartha and 1984 and catch-22 .
if this all sounds rather bitter , rather sour- grape flavored , i plead guilty .
we laugh as he throws grapes at my open mouth .
king aud himself , as approved and invincible as he believes himself to be , does nt risk missing monthly sacred ceremonies , nor does he risk taking a drink of wine at supper without first tapping his goblet with his little finger , a gesture they say keeps a drinker from choking in the event that the grapes mayve come from a cursed vineyard .
i tried to imagine astigans lanky frame casually tossing a grape high into the air , but all i saw across from me was that old man , smirking and smacking with his livery lips .
he drank two glasses of house red : a bitter , young blend of sub par grapes .
i felt stuck with sour grapes .
the little guys lips looked like grape popsicles .
oh yeah , kaylee remarked as she grabbed a few grapes from the bowl on the table .
with the pants from my suit on i walked down the hallway barefoot and bought two grape sodas .
autumn chapter 7 a dark orange light fell on the cold miles and miles of vineyards and tractors pulling carts full of grapes .
the fruits consisted of strawberries , blackberries , crab apples , grapes , plums , persimmons , mulberries , and hackberries .
they were gathering wild grapes from vines growing in the tree .
the grapes were small , but they were sweet and juicy and could be stored for winter by drying them and making raisins .
michael had gathered lots of grapes and recognized the vines from a great distance .
he used his ax to show evening star how to make a tool for harvesting the grapes , and then he explained that she could harvest nuts the same way .
cut a long pole with a hook at the end , and you can pull the branches down and pick the grapes without climbing trees .
in one day , they gathered enough grapes and nuts to last all winter .
the other name for the game was peel me a grape .
people she did nt know and had never even met came and introduced themselves , obviously connected to the great van fleet grape vine that said she was someone special .
stone or wood or heavy wild grape vines had been made into strange abstract sculptures .
the quote that ann marie had used to begin her thesis was from the grapes of wrath .
they gave me two cans of grape soda as a bribe and i went give one to george .
looking both ways , i grabbed three cases of mid - priced potables and grape soda .
cherries , peaches , grapes , rolling hills of fruit for as far as the eye could see .
but if its the name of the grape variety - praps that s a problem .
natural grace a womans body knows the struggle hands deep in the soil know the same there s a wisdom that warfare lends to the soul and then selflessly draws back again but none of these touch or even come close to the lovely you look on this night more than a likeness to dawn or new birth just the moment the whole world went quiet a curly - haired boy , my son plays in the sand his mother knows his story by heart i was parking the car but there was no space so i earned a ticket and heard a dog bark its really not news to say ' this country is dead ' or to hear a pure saint curse the light but it was nt like anything i ever heard sung just the moment the whole world went quiet there s a grace in the way the tide tumbles down this grace you ca nt trace , not at all not even a prayer you can point to or say since she kisses you after the fall so it happened that i was not hungry or angry not dreaming abyss or great height just sitting there idle , loving and laughing the moment the whole world went quiet a father 's farewell if they leave you alone to compose this song thank the good lord for everything gone wrong like the loss of your wife the dream of girls and boys in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice if they throw you a bone and say , ' go break a leg ' pretend for them my friend that you were born to beg then laugh until it 's true ' life is nothing more than toys ' in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the bloodbath if the bullets are made of gold when the best you can do in all the world is orgasm and grow old and that 's hardly as lovely as learning how to fly in that day my son be glad that you can die then if your artwork strikes back screams just like a bitch and in spite of your silent prayers you get filthy rich well that 's alright too sometimes god likes to make noise in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice but when your hand starts to wither and your nightmares remark ` ` the human race is only hopeful when left out in the dark '' remember our conversations as if you really had a choice in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the forest if the forest is pure flame when the least of these in heaven walk tall and without shame and that 's so much sweeter than learning how to cry in that day be glad my son you will never have to die all the time it would be nice to know what i did wrong since i m trying to sing your favorite song but you never shoot straight from the hip so pin your lips with butter clips pretend were on the up and up ill love you till its time to start again but if i mispronounce the place where i first saw your face or confuse you with another or a dog pardon me , i m not all here and i do nt know the meaning of fear i tell it like it is all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your death and dancing never suited us like making love on the bus bumping where we should of learned to fly so you said you were happier in the midst of the blur brought on by a drug and something else but when we tried to recreate the event at the end of the night we were all spent then we both agreed it could never be the same still we tried time and again until the beginning of the bitter end and crying i laughed you to sleep all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your life and hate and fear and hope and lust and trusting all that never was waiting in vain for what had come and gone rocking to the melody but no longer just in our sleep we both sang deep and let let it be all of the time all of the time all of the time you 're nothing more than a shadow of my dream sour grapes you give me a vineyard , babe i 'll give you a grape you give me a kiss , just then i may love you all my days i do n't mean to suggest that that was a test i ' m simply trying to invest in what i know is safe because i gave my last lass my last dime and that dame left the state before i became irate sour grapes but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you give me a drum roll , darling i 'll bust a rhyme out on your beat clap your hands , laugh , stamp and dance then i must admit i ' ve been left with two left feet and my dancing days are through sour grapes girl i thought you knew but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you keep up that drum roll , baby i do n't mind if you do although i ' m deaf , dumb and mute i can see - and you 're so cute the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint but my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes so you can clip my toenails , lady if i can pull out your hair and i 'll give you a flower , lover if you pull out a mirror and point it here at my face because you know what i love and you know that i like sour grapes and we can rub - a - dub - dub in my bathtub tonight if you meet me here at my back porch at my back door you see it 's raining down cats and dogs and i ' m not too hip on getting wet but i can see you ' ve already been bit by a rabid dog in a maddened fit but when you arrive only knock twice because i might be asleep and you know what i want and you know that i need - beauty , beauty , beauty beauty and the beast the bitterness we all must reap in the name of love but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint still my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes let me talk to you today about the pharisee one who desires to be free but refuses to take or break the bread for conscience sake for who knows what his hands might have touched or where the woman sitting next to him might have been let me talk to you today about the young republican burning , burning with rage on the right side of the stage dancing the witches ' sabbath with flaming virgins and old maids chanting , ' sour - sour - sour - grapes ' the kind of game we all must play in the name of blood blind - blind - blind man 's bluff where good is never bad enough still the cynics say , ' so what ? '
natural grace a womans body knows the struggle hands deep in the soil know the same there s a wisdom that warfare lends to the soul and then selflessly draws back again but none of these touch or even come close to the lovely you look on this night more than a likeness to dawn or new birth just the moment the whole world went quiet a curly - haired boy , my son plays in the sand his mother knows his story by heart i was parking the car but there was no space so i earned a ticket and heard a dog bark its really not news to say ' this country is dead ' or to hear a pure saint curse the light but it was nt like anything i ever heard sung just the moment the whole world went quiet there s a grace in the way the tide tumbles down this grace you ca nt trace , not at all not even a prayer you can point to or say since she kisses you after the fall so it happened that i was not hungry or angry not dreaming abyss or great height just sitting there idle , loving and laughing the moment the whole world went quiet a father 's farewell if they leave you alone to compose this song thank the good lord for everything gone wrong like the loss of your wife the dream of girls and boys in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice if they throw you a bone and say , ' go break a leg ' pretend for them my friend that you were born to beg then laugh until it 's true ' life is nothing more than toys ' in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the bloodbath if the bullets are made of gold when the best you can do in all the world is orgasm and grow old and that 's hardly as lovely as learning how to fly in that day my son be glad that you can die then if your artwork strikes back screams just like a bitch and in spite of your silent prayers you get filthy rich well that 's alright too sometimes god likes to make noise in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice but when your hand starts to wither and your nightmares remark ` ` the human race is only hopeful when left out in the dark '' remember our conversations as if you really had a choice in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the forest if the forest is pure flame when the least of these in heaven walk tall and without shame and that 's so much sweeter than learning how to cry in that day be glad my son you will never have to die all the time it would be nice to know what i did wrong since i m trying to sing your favorite song but you never shoot straight from the hip so pin your lips with butter clips pretend were on the up and up ill love you till its time to start again but if i mispronounce the place where i first saw your face or confuse you with another or a dog pardon me , i m not all here and i do nt know the meaning of fear i tell it like it is all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your death and dancing never suited us like making love on the bus bumping where we should of learned to fly so you said you were happier in the midst of the blur brought on by a drug and something else but when we tried to recreate the event at the end of the night we were all spent then we both agreed it could never be the same still we tried time and again until the beginning of the bitter end and crying i laughed you to sleep all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your life and hate and fear and hope and lust and trusting all that never was waiting in vain for what had come and gone rocking to the melody but no longer just in our sleep we both sang deep and let let it be all of the time all of the time all of the time you 're nothing more than a shadow of my dream sour grapes you give me a vineyard , babe i 'll give you a grape you give me a kiss , just then i may love you all my days i do n't mean to suggest that that was a test i ' m simply trying to invest in what i know is safe because i gave my last lass my last dime and that dame left the state before i became irate sour grapes but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you give me a drum roll , darling i 'll bust a rhyme out on your beat clap your hands , laugh , stamp and dance then i must admit i ' ve been left with two left feet and my dancing days are through sour grapes girl i thought you knew but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you keep up that drum roll , baby i do n't mind if you do although i ' m deaf , dumb and mute i can see - and you 're so cute the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint but my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes so you can clip my toenails , lady if i can pull out your hair and i 'll give you a flower , lover if you pull out a mirror and point it here at my face because you know what i love and you know that i like sour grapes and we can rub - a - dub - dub in my bathtub tonight if you meet me here at my back porch at my back door you see it 's raining down cats and dogs and i ' m not too hip on getting wet but i can see you ' ve already been bit by a rabid dog in a maddened fit but when you arrive only knock twice because i might be asleep and you know what i want and you know that i need - beauty , beauty , beauty beauty and the beast the bitterness we all must reap in the name of love but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint still my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes let me talk to you today about the pharisee one who desires to be free but refuses to take or break the bread for conscience sake for who knows what his hands might have touched or where the woman sitting next to him might have been let me talk to you today about the young republican burning , burning with rage on the right side of the stage dancing the witches ' sabbath with flaming virgins and old maids chanting , ' sour - sour - sour - grapes ' the kind of game we all must play in the name of blood blind - blind - blind man 's bluff where good is never bad enough still the cynics say , ' so what ? '
natural grace a womans body knows the struggle hands deep in the soil know the same there s a wisdom that warfare lends to the soul and then selflessly draws back again but none of these touch or even come close to the lovely you look on this night more than a likeness to dawn or new birth just the moment the whole world went quiet a curly - haired boy , my son plays in the sand his mother knows his story by heart i was parking the car but there was no space so i earned a ticket and heard a dog bark its really not news to say ' this country is dead ' or to hear a pure saint curse the light but it was nt like anything i ever heard sung just the moment the whole world went quiet there s a grace in the way the tide tumbles down this grace you ca nt trace , not at all not even a prayer you can point to or say since she kisses you after the fall so it happened that i was not hungry or angry not dreaming abyss or great height just sitting there idle , loving and laughing the moment the whole world went quiet a father 's farewell if they leave you alone to compose this song thank the good lord for everything gone wrong like the loss of your wife the dream of girls and boys in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice if they throw you a bone and say , ' go break a leg ' pretend for them my friend that you were born to beg then laugh until it 's true ' life is nothing more than toys ' in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the bloodbath if the bullets are made of gold when the best you can do in all the world is orgasm and grow old and that 's hardly as lovely as learning how to fly in that day my son be glad that you can die then if your artwork strikes back screams just like a bitch and in spite of your silent prayers you get filthy rich well that 's alright too sometimes god likes to make noise in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice but when your hand starts to wither and your nightmares remark ` ` the human race is only hopeful when left out in the dark '' remember our conversations as if you really had a choice in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the forest if the forest is pure flame when the least of these in heaven walk tall and without shame and that 's so much sweeter than learning how to cry in that day be glad my son you will never have to die all the time it would be nice to know what i did wrong since i m trying to sing your favorite song but you never shoot straight from the hip so pin your lips with butter clips pretend were on the up and up ill love you till its time to start again but if i mispronounce the place where i first saw your face or confuse you with another or a dog pardon me , i m not all here and i do nt know the meaning of fear i tell it like it is all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your death and dancing never suited us like making love on the bus bumping where we should of learned to fly so you said you were happier in the midst of the blur brought on by a drug and something else but when we tried to recreate the event at the end of the night we were all spent then we both agreed it could never be the same still we tried time and again until the beginning of the bitter end and crying i laughed you to sleep all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your life and hate and fear and hope and lust and trusting all that never was waiting in vain for what had come and gone rocking to the melody but no longer just in our sleep we both sang deep and let let it be all of the time all of the time all of the time you 're nothing more than a shadow of my dream sour grapes you give me a vineyard , babe i 'll give you a grape you give me a kiss , just then i may love you all my days i do n't mean to suggest that that was a test i ' m simply trying to invest in what i know is safe because i gave my last lass my last dime and that dame left the state before i became irate sour grapes but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you give me a drum roll , darling i 'll bust a rhyme out on your beat clap your hands , laugh , stamp and dance then i must admit i ' ve been left with two left feet and my dancing days are through sour grapes girl i thought you knew but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you keep up that drum roll , baby i do n't mind if you do although i ' m deaf , dumb and mute i can see - and you 're so cute the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint but my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes so you can clip my toenails , lady if i can pull out your hair and i 'll give you a flower , lover if you pull out a mirror and point it here at my face because you know what i love and you know that i like sour grapes and we can rub - a - dub - dub in my bathtub tonight if you meet me here at my back porch at my back door you see it 's raining down cats and dogs and i ' m not too hip on getting wet but i can see you ' ve already been bit by a rabid dog in a maddened fit but when you arrive only knock twice because i might be asleep and you know what i want and you know that i need - beauty , beauty , beauty beauty and the beast the bitterness we all must reap in the name of love but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint still my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes let me talk to you today about the pharisee one who desires to be free but refuses to take or break the bread for conscience sake for who knows what his hands might have touched or where the woman sitting next to him might have been let me talk to you today about the young republican burning , burning with rage on the right side of the stage dancing the witches ' sabbath with flaming virgins and old maids chanting , ' sour - sour - sour - grapes ' the kind of game we all must play in the name of blood blind - blind - blind man 's bluff where good is never bad enough still the cynics say , ' so what ? '
natural grace a womans body knows the struggle hands deep in the soil know the same there s a wisdom that warfare lends to the soul and then selflessly draws back again but none of these touch or even come close to the lovely you look on this night more than a likeness to dawn or new birth just the moment the whole world went quiet a curly - haired boy , my son plays in the sand his mother knows his story by heart i was parking the car but there was no space so i earned a ticket and heard a dog bark its really not news to say ' this country is dead ' or to hear a pure saint curse the light but it was nt like anything i ever heard sung just the moment the whole world went quiet there s a grace in the way the tide tumbles down this grace you ca nt trace , not at all not even a prayer you can point to or say since she kisses you after the fall so it happened that i was not hungry or angry not dreaming abyss or great height just sitting there idle , loving and laughing the moment the whole world went quiet a father 's farewell if they leave you alone to compose this song thank the good lord for everything gone wrong like the loss of your wife the dream of girls and boys in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice if they throw you a bone and say , ' go break a leg ' pretend for them my friend that you were born to beg then laugh until it 's true ' life is nothing more than toys ' in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the bloodbath if the bullets are made of gold when the best you can do in all the world is orgasm and grow old and that 's hardly as lovely as learning how to fly in that day my son be glad that you can die then if your artwork strikes back screams just like a bitch and in spite of your silent prayers you get filthy rich well that 's alright too sometimes god likes to make noise in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice but when your hand starts to wither and your nightmares remark ` ` the human race is only hopeful when left out in the dark '' remember our conversations as if you really had a choice in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the forest if the forest is pure flame when the least of these in heaven walk tall and without shame and that 's so much sweeter than learning how to cry in that day be glad my son you will never have to die all the time it would be nice to know what i did wrong since i m trying to sing your favorite song but you never shoot straight from the hip so pin your lips with butter clips pretend were on the up and up ill love you till its time to start again but if i mispronounce the place where i first saw your face or confuse you with another or a dog pardon me , i m not all here and i do nt know the meaning of fear i tell it like it is all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your death and dancing never suited us like making love on the bus bumping where we should of learned to fly so you said you were happier in the midst of the blur brought on by a drug and something else but when we tried to recreate the event at the end of the night we were all spent then we both agreed it could never be the same still we tried time and again until the beginning of the bitter end and crying i laughed you to sleep all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your life and hate and fear and hope and lust and trusting all that never was waiting in vain for what had come and gone rocking to the melody but no longer just in our sleep we both sang deep and let let it be all of the time all of the time all of the time you 're nothing more than a shadow of my dream sour grapes you give me a vineyard , babe i 'll give you a grape you give me a kiss , just then i may love you all my days i do n't mean to suggest that that was a test i ' m simply trying to invest in what i know is safe because i gave my last lass my last dime and that dame left the state before i became irate sour grapes but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you give me a drum roll , darling i 'll bust a rhyme out on your beat clap your hands , laugh , stamp and dance then i must admit i ' ve been left with two left feet and my dancing days are through sour grapes girl i thought you knew but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you keep up that drum roll , baby i do n't mind if you do although i ' m deaf , dumb and mute i can see - and you 're so cute the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint but my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes so you can clip my toenails , lady if i can pull out your hair and i 'll give you a flower , lover if you pull out a mirror and point it here at my face because you know what i love and you know that i like sour grapes and we can rub - a - dub - dub in my bathtub tonight if you meet me here at my back porch at my back door you see it 's raining down cats and dogs and i ' m not too hip on getting wet but i can see you ' ve already been bit by a rabid dog in a maddened fit but when you arrive only knock twice because i might be asleep and you know what i want and you know that i need - beauty , beauty , beauty beauty and the beast the bitterness we all must reap in the name of love but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint still my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes let me talk to you today about the pharisee one who desires to be free but refuses to take or break the bread for conscience sake for who knows what his hands might have touched or where the woman sitting next to him might have been let me talk to you today about the young republican burning , burning with rage on the right side of the stage dancing the witches ' sabbath with flaming virgins and old maids chanting , ' sour - sour - sour - grapes ' the kind of game we all must play in the name of blood blind - blind - blind man 's bluff where good is never bad enough still the cynics say , ' so what ? '
natural grace a womans body knows the struggle hands deep in the soil know the same there s a wisdom that warfare lends to the soul and then selflessly draws back again but none of these touch or even come close to the lovely you look on this night more than a likeness to dawn or new birth just the moment the whole world went quiet a curly - haired boy , my son plays in the sand his mother knows his story by heart i was parking the car but there was no space so i earned a ticket and heard a dog bark its really not news to say ' this country is dead ' or to hear a pure saint curse the light but it was nt like anything i ever heard sung just the moment the whole world went quiet there s a grace in the way the tide tumbles down this grace you ca nt trace , not at all not even a prayer you can point to or say since she kisses you after the fall so it happened that i was not hungry or angry not dreaming abyss or great height just sitting there idle , loving and laughing the moment the whole world went quiet a father 's farewell if they leave you alone to compose this song thank the good lord for everything gone wrong like the loss of your wife the dream of girls and boys in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice if they throw you a bone and say , ' go break a leg ' pretend for them my friend that you were born to beg then laugh until it 's true ' life is nothing more than toys ' in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the bloodbath if the bullets are made of gold when the best you can do in all the world is orgasm and grow old and that 's hardly as lovely as learning how to fly in that day my son be glad that you can die then if your artwork strikes back screams just like a bitch and in spite of your silent prayers you get filthy rich well that 's alright too sometimes god likes to make noise in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice but when your hand starts to wither and your nightmares remark ` ` the human race is only hopeful when left out in the dark '' remember our conversations as if you really had a choice in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the forest if the forest is pure flame when the least of these in heaven walk tall and without shame and that 's so much sweeter than learning how to cry in that day be glad my son you will never have to die all the time it would be nice to know what i did wrong since i m trying to sing your favorite song but you never shoot straight from the hip so pin your lips with butter clips pretend were on the up and up ill love you till its time to start again but if i mispronounce the place where i first saw your face or confuse you with another or a dog pardon me , i m not all here and i do nt know the meaning of fear i tell it like it is all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your death and dancing never suited us like making love on the bus bumping where we should of learned to fly so you said you were happier in the midst of the blur brought on by a drug and something else but when we tried to recreate the event at the end of the night we were all spent then we both agreed it could never be the same still we tried time and again until the beginning of the bitter end and crying i laughed you to sleep all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your life and hate and fear and hope and lust and trusting all that never was waiting in vain for what had come and gone rocking to the melody but no longer just in our sleep we both sang deep and let let it be all of the time all of the time all of the time you 're nothing more than a shadow of my dream sour grapes you give me a vineyard , babe i 'll give you a grape you give me a kiss , just then i may love you all my days i do n't mean to suggest that that was a test i ' m simply trying to invest in what i know is safe because i gave my last lass my last dime and that dame left the state before i became irate sour grapes but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you give me a drum roll , darling i 'll bust a rhyme out on your beat clap your hands , laugh , stamp and dance then i must admit i ' ve been left with two left feet and my dancing days are through sour grapes girl i thought you knew but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you keep up that drum roll , baby i do n't mind if you do although i ' m deaf , dumb and mute i can see - and you 're so cute the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint but my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes so you can clip my toenails , lady if i can pull out your hair and i 'll give you a flower , lover if you pull out a mirror and point it here at my face because you know what i love and you know that i like sour grapes and we can rub - a - dub - dub in my bathtub tonight if you meet me here at my back porch at my back door you see it 's raining down cats and dogs and i ' m not too hip on getting wet but i can see you ' ve already been bit by a rabid dog in a maddened fit but when you arrive only knock twice because i might be asleep and you know what i want and you know that i need - beauty , beauty , beauty beauty and the beast the bitterness we all must reap in the name of love but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint still my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes let me talk to you today about the pharisee one who desires to be free but refuses to take or break the bread for conscience sake for who knows what his hands might have touched or where the woman sitting next to him might have been let me talk to you today about the young republican burning , burning with rage on the right side of the stage dancing the witches ' sabbath with flaming virgins and old maids chanting , ' sour - sour - sour - grapes ' the kind of game we all must play in the name of blood blind - blind - blind man 's bluff where good is never bad enough still the cynics say , ' so what ? '
natural grace a womans body knows the struggle hands deep in the soil know the same there s a wisdom that warfare lends to the soul and then selflessly draws back again but none of these touch or even come close to the lovely you look on this night more than a likeness to dawn or new birth just the moment the whole world went quiet a curly - haired boy , my son plays in the sand his mother knows his story by heart i was parking the car but there was no space so i earned a ticket and heard a dog bark its really not news to say ' this country is dead ' or to hear a pure saint curse the light but it was nt like anything i ever heard sung just the moment the whole world went quiet there s a grace in the way the tide tumbles down this grace you ca nt trace , not at all not even a prayer you can point to or say since she kisses you after the fall so it happened that i was not hungry or angry not dreaming abyss or great height just sitting there idle , loving and laughing the moment the whole world went quiet a father 's farewell if they leave you alone to compose this song thank the good lord for everything gone wrong like the loss of your wife the dream of girls and boys in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice if they throw you a bone and say , ' go break a leg ' pretend for them my friend that you were born to beg then laugh until it 's true ' life is nothing more than toys ' in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the bloodbath if the bullets are made of gold when the best you can do in all the world is orgasm and grow old and that 's hardly as lovely as learning how to fly in that day my son be glad that you can die then if your artwork strikes back screams just like a bitch and in spite of your silent prayers you get filthy rich well that 's alright too sometimes god likes to make noise in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice but when your hand starts to wither and your nightmares remark ` ` the human race is only hopeful when left out in the dark '' remember our conversations as if you really had a choice in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the forest if the forest is pure flame when the least of these in heaven walk tall and without shame and that 's so much sweeter than learning how to cry in that day be glad my son you will never have to die all the time it would be nice to know what i did wrong since i m trying to sing your favorite song but you never shoot straight from the hip so pin your lips with butter clips pretend were on the up and up ill love you till its time to start again but if i mispronounce the place where i first saw your face or confuse you with another or a dog pardon me , i m not all here and i do nt know the meaning of fear i tell it like it is all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your death and dancing never suited us like making love on the bus bumping where we should of learned to fly so you said you were happier in the midst of the blur brought on by a drug and something else but when we tried to recreate the event at the end of the night we were all spent then we both agreed it could never be the same still we tried time and again until the beginning of the bitter end and crying i laughed you to sleep all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your life and hate and fear and hope and lust and trusting all that never was waiting in vain for what had come and gone rocking to the melody but no longer just in our sleep we both sang deep and let let it be all of the time all of the time all of the time you 're nothing more than a shadow of my dream sour grapes you give me a vineyard , babe i 'll give you a grape you give me a kiss , just then i may love you all my days i do n't mean to suggest that that was a test i ' m simply trying to invest in what i know is safe because i gave my last lass my last dime and that dame left the state before i became irate sour grapes but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you give me a drum roll , darling i 'll bust a rhyme out on your beat clap your hands , laugh , stamp and dance then i must admit i ' ve been left with two left feet and my dancing days are through sour grapes girl i thought you knew but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you keep up that drum roll , baby i do n't mind if you do although i ' m deaf , dumb and mute i can see - and you 're so cute the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint but my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes so you can clip my toenails , lady if i can pull out your hair and i 'll give you a flower , lover if you pull out a mirror and point it here at my face because you know what i love and you know that i like sour grapes and we can rub - a - dub - dub in my bathtub tonight if you meet me here at my back porch at my back door you see it 's raining down cats and dogs and i ' m not too hip on getting wet but i can see you ' ve already been bit by a rabid dog in a maddened fit but when you arrive only knock twice because i might be asleep and you know what i want and you know that i need - beauty , beauty , beauty beauty and the beast the bitterness we all must reap in the name of love but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint still my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes let me talk to you today about the pharisee one who desires to be free but refuses to take or break the bread for conscience sake for who knows what his hands might have touched or where the woman sitting next to him might have been let me talk to you today about the young republican burning , burning with rage on the right side of the stage dancing the witches ' sabbath with flaming virgins and old maids chanting , ' sour - sour - sour - grapes ' the kind of game we all must play in the name of blood blind - blind - blind man 's bluff where good is never bad enough still the cynics say , ' so what ? '
natural grace a womans body knows the struggle hands deep in the soil know the same there s a wisdom that warfare lends to the soul and then selflessly draws back again but none of these touch or even come close to the lovely you look on this night more than a likeness to dawn or new birth just the moment the whole world went quiet a curly - haired boy , my son plays in the sand his mother knows his story by heart i was parking the car but there was no space so i earned a ticket and heard a dog bark its really not news to say ' this country is dead ' or to hear a pure saint curse the light but it was nt like anything i ever heard sung just the moment the whole world went quiet there s a grace in the way the tide tumbles down this grace you ca nt trace , not at all not even a prayer you can point to or say since she kisses you after the fall so it happened that i was not hungry or angry not dreaming abyss or great height just sitting there idle , loving and laughing the moment the whole world went quiet a father 's farewell if they leave you alone to compose this song thank the good lord for everything gone wrong like the loss of your wife the dream of girls and boys in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice if they throw you a bone and say , ' go break a leg ' pretend for them my friend that you were born to beg then laugh until it 's true ' life is nothing more than toys ' in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the bloodbath if the bullets are made of gold when the best you can do in all the world is orgasm and grow old and that 's hardly as lovely as learning how to fly in that day my son be glad that you can die then if your artwork strikes back screams just like a bitch and in spite of your silent prayers you get filthy rich well that 's alright too sometimes god likes to make noise in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice but when your hand starts to wither and your nightmares remark ` ` the human race is only hopeful when left out in the dark '' remember our conversations as if you really had a choice in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the forest if the forest is pure flame when the least of these in heaven walk tall and without shame and that 's so much sweeter than learning how to cry in that day be glad my son you will never have to die all the time it would be nice to know what i did wrong since i m trying to sing your favorite song but you never shoot straight from the hip so pin your lips with butter clips pretend were on the up and up ill love you till its time to start again but if i mispronounce the place where i first saw your face or confuse you with another or a dog pardon me , i m not all here and i do nt know the meaning of fear i tell it like it is all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your death and dancing never suited us like making love on the bus bumping where we should of learned to fly so you said you were happier in the midst of the blur brought on by a drug and something else but when we tried to recreate the event at the end of the night we were all spent then we both agreed it could never be the same still we tried time and again until the beginning of the bitter end and crying i laughed you to sleep all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your life and hate and fear and hope and lust and trusting all that never was waiting in vain for what had come and gone rocking to the melody but no longer just in our sleep we both sang deep and let let it be all of the time all of the time all of the time you 're nothing more than a shadow of my dream sour grapes you give me a vineyard , babe i 'll give you a grape you give me a kiss , just then i may love you all my days i do n't mean to suggest that that was a test i ' m simply trying to invest in what i know is safe because i gave my last lass my last dime and that dame left the state before i became irate sour grapes but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you give me a drum roll , darling i 'll bust a rhyme out on your beat clap your hands , laugh , stamp and dance then i must admit i ' ve been left with two left feet and my dancing days are through sour grapes girl i thought you knew but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you keep up that drum roll , baby i do n't mind if you do although i ' m deaf , dumb and mute i can see - and you 're so cute the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint but my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes so you can clip my toenails , lady if i can pull out your hair and i 'll give you a flower , lover if you pull out a mirror and point it here at my face because you know what i love and you know that i like sour grapes and we can rub - a - dub - dub in my bathtub tonight if you meet me here at my back porch at my back door you see it 's raining down cats and dogs and i ' m not too hip on getting wet but i can see you ' ve already been bit by a rabid dog in a maddened fit but when you arrive only knock twice because i might be asleep and you know what i want and you know that i need - beauty , beauty , beauty beauty and the beast the bitterness we all must reap in the name of love but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint still my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes let me talk to you today about the pharisee one who desires to be free but refuses to take or break the bread for conscience sake for who knows what his hands might have touched or where the woman sitting next to him might have been let me talk to you today about the young republican burning , burning with rage on the right side of the stage dancing the witches ' sabbath with flaming virgins and old maids chanting , ' sour - sour - sour - grapes ' the kind of game we all must play in the name of blood blind - blind - blind man 's bluff where good is never bad enough still the cynics say , ' so what ? '
natural grace a womans body knows the struggle hands deep in the soil know the same there s a wisdom that warfare lends to the soul and then selflessly draws back again but none of these touch or even come close to the lovely you look on this night more than a likeness to dawn or new birth just the moment the whole world went quiet a curly - haired boy , my son plays in the sand his mother knows his story by heart i was parking the car but there was no space so i earned a ticket and heard a dog bark its really not news to say ' this country is dead ' or to hear a pure saint curse the light but it was nt like anything i ever heard sung just the moment the whole world went quiet there s a grace in the way the tide tumbles down this grace you ca nt trace , not at all not even a prayer you can point to or say since she kisses you after the fall so it happened that i was not hungry or angry not dreaming abyss or great height just sitting there idle , loving and laughing the moment the whole world went quiet a father 's farewell if they leave you alone to compose this song thank the good lord for everything gone wrong like the loss of your wife the dream of girls and boys in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice if they throw you a bone and say , ' go break a leg ' pretend for them my friend that you were born to beg then laugh until it 's true ' life is nothing more than toys ' in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the bloodbath if the bullets are made of gold when the best you can do in all the world is orgasm and grow old and that 's hardly as lovely as learning how to fly in that day my son be glad that you can die then if your artwork strikes back screams just like a bitch and in spite of your silent prayers you get filthy rich well that 's alright too sometimes god likes to make noise in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice but when your hand starts to wither and your nightmares remark ` ` the human race is only hopeful when left out in the dark '' remember our conversations as if you really had a choice in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the forest if the forest is pure flame when the least of these in heaven walk tall and without shame and that 's so much sweeter than learning how to cry in that day be glad my son you will never have to die all the time it would be nice to know what i did wrong since i m trying to sing your favorite song but you never shoot straight from the hip so pin your lips with butter clips pretend were on the up and up ill love you till its time to start again but if i mispronounce the place where i first saw your face or confuse you with another or a dog pardon me , i m not all here and i do nt know the meaning of fear i tell it like it is all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your death and dancing never suited us like making love on the bus bumping where we should of learned to fly so you said you were happier in the midst of the blur brought on by a drug and something else but when we tried to recreate the event at the end of the night we were all spent then we both agreed it could never be the same still we tried time and again until the beginning of the bitter end and crying i laughed you to sleep all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your life and hate and fear and hope and lust and trusting all that never was waiting in vain for what had come and gone rocking to the melody but no longer just in our sleep we both sang deep and let let it be all of the time all of the time all of the time you 're nothing more than a shadow of my dream sour grapes you give me a vineyard , babe i 'll give you a grape you give me a kiss , just then i may love you all my days i do n't mean to suggest that that was a test i ' m simply trying to invest in what i know is safe because i gave my last lass my last dime and that dame left the state before i became irate sour grapes but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you give me a drum roll , darling i 'll bust a rhyme out on your beat clap your hands , laugh , stamp and dance then i must admit i ' ve been left with two left feet and my dancing days are through sour grapes girl i thought you knew but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you keep up that drum roll , baby i do n't mind if you do although i ' m deaf , dumb and mute i can see - and you 're so cute the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint but my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes so you can clip my toenails , lady if i can pull out your hair and i 'll give you a flower , lover if you pull out a mirror and point it here at my face because you know what i love and you know that i like sour grapes and we can rub - a - dub - dub in my bathtub tonight if you meet me here at my back porch at my back door you see it 's raining down cats and dogs and i ' m not too hip on getting wet but i can see you ' ve already been bit by a rabid dog in a maddened fit but when you arrive only knock twice because i might be asleep and you know what i want and you know that i need - beauty , beauty , beauty beauty and the beast the bitterness we all must reap in the name of love but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint still my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes let me talk to you today about the pharisee one who desires to be free but refuses to take or break the bread for conscience sake for who knows what his hands might have touched or where the woman sitting next to him might have been let me talk to you today about the young republican burning , burning with rage on the right side of the stage dancing the witches ' sabbath with flaming virgins and old maids chanting , ' sour - sour - sour - grapes ' the kind of game we all must play in the name of blood blind - blind - blind man 's bluff where good is never bad enough still the cynics say , ' so what ? '
so if you decide , you want to learn to fight i will wait till you return one up - victorious one betrayed by a kiss then burning , burning with rage i may learn to trust your hate i may turn and lust you babe sour - sour - sour sour grapes ( and you may call it treason still sour grapes make great raisins ) austin tea - bag caffeine and mary jane are making love at last while lilac wine , fresh as the vine washes away our past and darling shapes and sizes coalesce with tiger - force and as bad as things have become they could still be worse so drink to christ 's sure coming or your own indecision because you should be doing something else but you just ca n't catch the vision then let the caffeine fuel your fever let the wine cool your blood and let mary jane , dear friend of fools do just what she does free wild bird took me a while to smile , honey took me even longer to laugh come over here and light my candle or i 'll be over there to bubble your bath yes laughter is a remedy for all things and sorrow is a cage , so i ' ve heard like the ballad of a thin man or oscar living in a trash can but baby i ' m one free wild bird so dance me to the darkness , sweetly then darken me during the dance true saints are neither sexless nor loveless come over here , let 's make some romance and i 'll caress you with heavenly music or i 'll stroke you with one dirty word like we 're fresh out of luck or else in need of a buck but baby i ' m one free wild bird crazy as it sounds to say it of one self if i did n't , well i 'd forget who i am then sooner or later i 'd turn into a hater and damn that would be a hell of a jam so one more time for good time 's sake go ahead , call me a crazy - ass nerd like a man on a mission or a sea - hawk out fishin ' but baby i ' m one one free wild bird forty days forty days , forty ways to kill a man i ' ve been riding across this open country just trying to make a stand staying low , beneath the bells of fear laughing alone like hollow bones but i can hear them drawing near the dogs of death , the hounds of vengeful love fighting for this hallowed ground that they call , ' the field of blood ' where one lay , who gave his life for many though when he walked the earth he made he did not earn a penny o lord , tonight i am so cold o lord , i feel i ' m growing old before my time before my time and there 's a man standing at the door saying , ' sign the dotted line ' damn you mister landlord you ugly millionaire unless you give your life for love and truly learn to share what you own with those better than yourself wall street president , you must repent forsake all your wealth then you will be truly rich indeed but as it is you only build another monument for greed and if you say , well , divided we fall to hell with all your rhetoric and your bloody whitewashed wall o lord , tonight i am so cold o lord , i feel i ' m growing old before my time before my time and there 's a man standing at the door saying , ' sign the dotted line ' and the women come and go talking of michelangelo and the women come and go talking of michelangelo and the women come and go talking of michelangelo babylon , the beautiful you whore family man he breaks his back from nine to five just to feed his family ` ` i would n't be much of a man , '' he says if i ca n't give them what they need and i watch him as he works think it must be a sin when he gives life all he 's got but it does n't give much back to him the kids are growing up he 's happy to see them strong his son and daughter get straight a 's but by now his wife is gone she wanted something more i guess more bread than he could bring in still he has nothing but love for her how the hell could she hate him ?
so if you decide , you want to learn to fight i will wait till you return one up - victorious one betrayed by a kiss then burning , burning with rage i may learn to trust your hate i may turn and lust you babe sour - sour - sour sour grapes ( and you may call it treason still sour grapes make great raisins ) austin tea - bag caffeine and mary jane are making love at last while lilac wine , fresh as the vine washes away our past and darling shapes and sizes coalesce with tiger - force and as bad as things have become they could still be worse so drink to christ 's sure coming or your own indecision because you should be doing something else but you just ca n't catch the vision then let the caffeine fuel your fever let the wine cool your blood and let mary jane , dear friend of fools do just what she does free wild bird took me a while to smile , honey took me even longer to laugh come over here and light my candle or i 'll be over there to bubble your bath yes laughter is a remedy for all things and sorrow is a cage , so i ' ve heard like the ballad of a thin man or oscar living in a trash can but baby i ' m one free wild bird so dance me to the darkness , sweetly then darken me during the dance true saints are neither sexless nor loveless come over here , let 's make some romance and i 'll caress you with heavenly music or i 'll stroke you with one dirty word like we 're fresh out of luck or else in need of a buck but baby i ' m one free wild bird crazy as it sounds to say it of one self if i did n't , well i 'd forget who i am then sooner or later i 'd turn into a hater and damn that would be a hell of a jam so one more time for good time 's sake go ahead , call me a crazy - ass nerd like a man on a mission or a sea - hawk out fishin ' but baby i ' m one one free wild bird forty days forty days , forty ways to kill a man i ' ve been riding across this open country just trying to make a stand staying low , beneath the bells of fear laughing alone like hollow bones but i can hear them drawing near the dogs of death , the hounds of vengeful love fighting for this hallowed ground that they call , ' the field of blood ' where one lay , who gave his life for many though when he walked the earth he made he did not earn a penny o lord , tonight i am so cold o lord , i feel i ' m growing old before my time before my time and there 's a man standing at the door saying , ' sign the dotted line ' damn you mister landlord you ugly millionaire unless you give your life for love and truly learn to share what you own with those better than yourself wall street president , you must repent forsake all your wealth then you will be truly rich indeed but as it is you only build another monument for greed and if you say , well , divided we fall to hell with all your rhetoric and your bloody whitewashed wall o lord , tonight i am so cold o lord , i feel i ' m growing old before my time before my time and there 's a man standing at the door saying , ' sign the dotted line ' and the women come and go talking of michelangelo and the women come and go talking of michelangelo and the women come and go talking of michelangelo babylon , the beautiful you whore family man he breaks his back from nine to five just to feed his family ` ` i would n't be much of a man , '' he says if i ca n't give them what they need and i watch him as he works think it must be a sin when he gives life all he 's got but it does n't give much back to him the kids are growing up he 's happy to see them strong his son and daughter get straight a 's but by now his wife is gone she wanted something more i guess more bread than he could bring in still he has nothing but love for her how the hell could she hate him ?
later , with four dollars left in his pocket , he ate a warm ham sandwich on the sidewalk outside of the neighborhood store and drank down a bottle of grape flavored soda .
after this , there was so much all at once : some thyme grew on his arm ; under his chin was an eggplant the size of two of his chins ; there was a large bunch of grapes on his head ; and there was a green bell pepper on one shoulder and yellow one on his other ; also , he was confused by the rutabaga that he had to trim from each his ankles one morning to get his shoes on because he remembered rutabagas were root vegetables .
and who would nt want to stomp grapes ?
the great grape stomp i m sorry to do this on such short notice .
that s when the idea of the grape stomp took place .
grand opening and great grape stomp .
she looked just like lucy ricardo , holding up her skirt and stomping grapes .
two hours to go until the great grape stomp .
they tasted wine but would nt stomp grapes if i put a gun to their heads .
i explained the wines and some history of how we made it , then said , who wants to stomp grapes ?
we headed outside and half his posse followed , joking about fuelie stomping grapes .
he stepped over the side and i enlisted a couple of men to help stock the tub with grapes .
we added grapes , and soon two men got in together .
~ i saw the video of the grape stomping .
i let my book bag slump to the floor and looked down at the carpet of our entry hall , fixing my eyes on the purple stain i 'd caused at age ten when i spilled some grape juice .
in an instant my body became parched like a grape left out in the sun , shriveled and dark .
i got you more options , he pulled his right hand from behind his back to show a cup of strawberries , and he showed sophie red grapes in his left hand .
james looked up , why do nt you bring the grapes and strawberries back real quick for me , that d be great .
this grape boycott , for example .
i do nt know about grapes being an important issue .
but what do a lot of high school kids know about grapes and workers ?
she is smoking , trying to get her to watch laugh - in comedy show over and over with different pleadings , ( 7 ) anna henry discussed by gumm , how she was brought home by the police after sitting at the school district lobby demanding her pay because she is now senile like her mother was years earlier and gumm is taking her home from the district office when she arrives there every day , remembering first scene of nervous scarecrow anna in the backyard and her story about pancho villa , quizzed about my memory , which i defend , though i really did nt remember her until i needed her five ( 8 ) meredith at park up the street with hippies and mother is talking to gumm about how bad it is , complaining about cesar chavez grape boycott which high school is participating in .
her room had a bar with plastic grapes and empty straw clad chianti bottles hanging above it .
the glaze on the stuffed grape leaveswhich were quite possibly from her parents farm , like most of the produce weighing down the buffet tablewas about to ooze onto the expensive - looking gown .
i have blood dripping off my nose again , and he has a bruise on the side of his head that looks like a bunch of grapes under his brown skin .
we just came back to the fair after being parked in this grape vineyard out east of town where she was all over me .
kirby , on the other hand , had been seriously considering a lifetime diet of grape tang only .
he drank the last gulp of his grape tang and started for mr . zs driveway , bouncing on the balls of his feet and rattling the carton of milk balls .
at the table there were grapes , strawberries , melons , and mangoes , fresh bread , cold chicken and prawns , grilled white fish and lemon juice , and chips cooked in a real deep - fryer .
maybe its just sour grapes for me to think this ; my early teens were never very carefree or debauched .
maybe cheese biscuits and grapes would make a decent supper .
they wanted jeans property with its gentle slope of the hill and western exposure for grenache blanc grapes .
we put the bottles in brown bags then try to identify the grape and the vintner .
the snake like path that followed the banks of the essex river was speckled with golden leaves from overhanging hardwoods , and spattered occasionally with purple rorschach blots from fallen wild grapes .
` ` you know the trail along the river at that point is overhung with vines of the wild grape .
` ` take my advice , '' he continued , ` ` be careful from whom you accept treats , particularly grapes , wild or otherwise , and stay away from the university .
she sighed and pulled out a whole pack of it , switching the apple for the grape .
as a teenager i helped harvest the grapes .
* * * * * rows of vines in neat symmetrical lines stretched as far as the eye could see , rolling with the hills and dells , parting smoothly to encircle a cluster of olive trees left standing guard like gnarled , elderly , gentlemen keeping watch over the tender grapes .
` ` they ' ve spread along the entire west coast , as well as virginia , the carolinas , and any other state conducive to growing grapes .
` ` grapes ? ''
i was asked to go behind the winery and carry some old grape crates up to the equipment shed .
someone to guide him to put up foil to fend off the birds , get the grapes in at the appropriate time , make sure the place is making money rather than losing it , etcetera . ''
` ` i was about this tall , skinny as a grape vine , and in love the moment i laid eyes on you . ''
darker grapes ? ''
the same grapes can be used for white , but when the grape berries are crushed in the press , we immediately separate the skins and seeds from the free run juice .
the same grapes can be used for white , but when the grape berries are crushed in the press , we immediately separate the skins and seeds from the free run juice .
for red wine , the grape berries are introduced whole into tanks . ''
harvesting the grapes at the exact right time , the separation process , everything you do decides the outcome of the wine , whether it 's a good year or a terrific one . ''
he would carry grapes and supplies down for making small batches , but i never saw a finished product . ''
i asked , my senses filled with damp soil , grape leaves , moonlight , and a hint of the spicy aftershave handel wore .
dark , sun - ripened grapes filled a crate on the countertop .
perhaps the grapes buzzed with energy as they changed into wine .
i stopped to inspect the vines and clusters of inconspicuous blooms that would soon turn into small , hard , green , acid berries , growing and ripening eventually into plump , hardy grapes .
the rows of vines along each side of our path grew thick and lush with grape leaves , which charlie told me was a good thing , for the vines ' sucrose would be translocated in low concentration from leaf to fruit during ripening .
parked nearby was a wagon filled with sun - ripened grapes , and a small boy in the midst , his head peeking out between stacks of overflowing crates .
an excitement felt only by the very young , joy of discovery , happiness in the moment , filled my chest and limbs as i remembered being eight - years - old again , ready to start a new day i recalled the feel of sweet , ripe grapes popping and squishing beneath my bare feet , warm juice sliding between my toes as uncle jack allowed me to hop around in a tub of the succulent orbs one morning while he explained the crushing process people used in days gone by .
the man taught me joy in creating , let me stomp on grapes with wild abandon , and left me a legacy of family interest , business , and friendship .
off to one side of the hotel a lushly foliated grape arbor shielded an inviting pool area .
they had arrived at the grape arbor at the entrance to the hotel pool .
these included the antique gilded mantelpiece clock , the harvest of grapes painting by a nineteenth century italian artist , and the solid gold ice bucket carved with the hotel metropols logo .
` ` you 'd be more hard - pressed than a vineyard grape to find that pantsuit on the runway at fashion week . ''
ginger thomas flowers and grape - sized gnip fruits .
beyond the restaurant , a hammock swung in the breeze between two sea grape trees whose round succulent leaves shaded the sand below .
past the sand heading inland , a thick row of sea grapes and the occasional banyan tree hid the curving west end road from view .
clifford took a drink from his can of grape soda then closed his eyes , breathing deeply in mountain air .
a grapple was an apple that had an affair with a grape ( you know , a hybrid some scientist thought was a good idea ) .
my little grape hyacinths still formed lonely little islands of blue , but i envisioned the tulips blooming and creating a spectacular effect .
jane set an elaborate salad spoon covered in deeply carved grapes on the polished side of the counter .
jane rubbed the grape leaves on the cake sever .
she looked like a fat grape ready to explode .
i went to the market and filled a basket with a roasted chicken , a fresh loaf of bread , a chunk of cheese , some grapes , and a bottle of wine , then caught a cab to cal 's factory .
pinot noir is a temperamental , thin - skinned grape that lacks the tannin profile of , say , a cabernet sauvignon .
but all grape stems are loaded with tannins .
that s why winemakers ferment pinot noir in a process known as whole cluster where we leave the grapes on the stems .
the estates were spaced out of sight from each other , and huddled alone , most painted in earth tones , surrounded by fields of grape vines , yellow - brown summer fields , and heritage oaks .
* * * chapter 4 after an hour on her treadmill and a banana with a bowl of grape nuts for breakfast bridget showered .
a bar with four stools stood sentry to her office door and the room was ringed with dusty and rustybut completely functionalhand operated relics of winemakings past : a basket press , woven cylindrical grape baskets for pickers , foil spinners , and italian floor corkers .
when the crush began the grapes had to be picked , transported , and then processed immediately .
vibrant swatches of green grape vines , like thick shag carpet , covered the valley floor .
then the cabernet vineyards were hit with a heat wave or stripped naked by a rapacious flock of european starlings and you end up with two tons of usable grapes .
the first two years , he read and studied ; asked questions and picked brains about grape growing and winemaking .
asshole darren had gotten it in his mind that if loody and his idiot friends whooped it up a few times a month at the christmas tree farm mackey would sell and he could plant that portion of land with his pissant wine grapes .
then the fucking grapes came in and turned the dry creek and alexander valleys into virtual gated communities .
for every acre of organic biodynamic grapes there are thousands more acres that thrive and produce as a result of their inundation with industrial herbicides and pesticides which , of course , make their way , again , into the russian river .
she had some sort of nuevo american salad involving grapes , ginger , and watermelon .
chriss eyes were the size of grapes and i could see his leg popping with every downbeat .
eamon was very knowledgeable about the various regions and grape types and insisted he could tell one from the other .
i picked it up , shut the trunk , and went up front to aaron , who sat in the passenger seat chewing a wad of grape bubble gum and smacking his lips .
the smell of grape and crab combined , and i made an involuntary horking sound .
but despite eating two twinkies and a ho ho while drinking a grape soda , aaron got us to bitsys in one piece and in good time .
made a change from the odd bunch of sad , dusty grapes .
delilah remembered buying the wine bricks , concentrated semisolid blocks of grape juice and after added water , allowing it to ferment .
` ` do n't give her onions , chocolate , or grapes , and very little sweet stuff .
i assume you also want a pair of hunky masseurs to feed you grapes after your yoga sessions ? ''
there were three types of olives , stuffed grape leaves , and fragrant chicken redolent with aromatic spices .
he ate a stuffed grape leaf , then turned to master martin .
well , if you two are going to be busy , i can always eat all those grape leaves and other delicacies myself .
and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth , for her grapes are fully ripe she dropped to her knees .
not the best of the grape , i know , but its good stuff and all i can afford .
last night i found the copy of grapes of wrath that we brought back from india and i could nt read a page without drenching it with tears .
fat cells are stored as lobules that are clustered like a bunch of wine grapes .
he has been called , urgently , to cappadocia where he acts in a consultative capacity to the society of grape growers .
turkey grows a lot of grapes but not much of it is translated into wine in spite of kemal attatrk 's attempts to develop the wine trade .
people claim that they were a defensive measure perhaps they were but those stone tanks for pressing grapes , for fermenting and storing wine , would make you wonder if they were not enormous wineries .
he says , merrily , that if he disappears , it will be due to getting caught in a local feud between cappadocian grape growers .
' they grow a lot of grapes there , but mostly for eating .
now there is more money in grapes than in potatoes .
' here they had stables for the animals mangers , storage bins , vats for grapes , thousands of years old .
the grape growers of kayseri have not , in general , been so successful but , because of us , they have been assessed for tax at the same level .
do you think , millicent , that i was imprisoned by cappacadocian grape growers who thought i was an inspector , or by m. d'aubine in an attempt to intimidate me .
left to his own devices , he will probably assist m. d'aubine and the grape growers to come to a reasonable compromise , an element of give and take , a certain accommodation .
when it came to the crunch , millicent , i did n't really want to be the one to send the greme grape growers co - op to the wall .
the house is surrounded by beautiful profitable white cotton plants , a grove of sour oranges by mouth but yummy in salads , a peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables .
he was readying the grapes of wrath , and he went into a long discussion about steinbeck , before i could get a single word out .
he said as he popped open his can of grape soda .
md 20/20 , red grape .
neatly packed within the basket , he d brought grapes , cheese , crackers and , of course , pastries .
he patted a heavy dining room table with carved clusters of grapes like goiters on its legs .
when he came back and dropped the one gallon metal can by the mower we all noticed a new mustard stain on his shirt and he also had what appeared to be a grape juice mustache .
under his armpit was a bruise the size of a teacup saucer and the color of a grape juice stain .
i would have lost all attraction for him right then and there if his eyes had n't been the same color as sweet green grapes .
behind the house she could see a small grape arbor and what appeared to be plots of cultivated berries .
hobbies : cookingquiltinggrows flowers for cutting grows grapes and berries .
rumour on the grape vine is you ' ve done nicely out of all this .
he rubbed his hands together and pulled from the bag a bottle of olive oil , a baton of french bread and a bunch of green grapes .
for beverages she served mogen david kosher grape wine and kosher grape juice .
gallaghers glass had grape juice .
chicken soup with matzo balls , halvah bread , beef brisket , stuffed cabbage , tossed green salad and the yiddish standard , mogen david kosher grape wine .
i explained that breakfast was a do - it - yourself activity , mentioned the deleterious effects of eggs , bacon , and sausage on the arteries , and pointed to the cheerios box smeared with grape jelly on the counter .
robs companion was talking with the unabashed pomposity of youth about the virtues of one grape over another , you can generally rely on a sauvignon .
this delicious wine , a careful blend ... what , as opposed to a careless blend , he interjected , before continuing , of merlot and cabernet sauvignon grapes , is traditionally vinified .
vinification , his friend explained , is the process of turning grape juice into wine .
news from the small town grape vine ?
did this indicate i was officially a member of the local grape vine ?
the local grape vine ?
samantha garvey would fit well in the grape vine out here .
lets see , we have grape , and grape , and another grape.it seems we have any flavor you want , as long as its grape .
lets see , we have grape , and grape , and another grape.it seems we have any flavor you want , as long as its grape .
lets see , we have grape , and grape , and another grape.it seems we have any flavor you want , as long as its grape .
well , then , i choose grape , she said brightly .
and the grape vine thinks you re just a wanna - be author looking to create a plot .
you ve been here long enough to witness the grape vine in action .
the governor finished chewing a grape , swallowed , and said , ' i ' m so sorry , colonel .
her mind fell back to the grape groves in that vineyard in saint - emilion .
i ' m no expert , but it tasted like a deity had personally squeezed the grapes .
i put a bowl of grapes between us on the love seat , we put up the footrest , and we had a pleasant time appreciating the actors and laughing at the plot .
when the movie ended close to noon , i got up to return the grapes to the refrigerator .
this is n't sour grapes on my part .
lo asks , tossing a grape in her lap .
` ` grape ape .
` ` your dog 's name is grape ape ? ''
i fed her a grape every now and then as we sat and talked while the sun slowly began setting .
i turned back , grabbed the grapes and cheese , and tossed it all back into the basket .
dad says as mom chases a runaway grape .
` ` i like my mazda , '' i muttered , plucking a grape free from the vine and popping it into my mouth .
abby and i sat in the shade of a building and drank bottles of now - warm water as the boys performed a grape stomping challenge that would somehow end up as wine .
by that time , brodie and tesla had caught back up with us , and brodie climbed in to his grape bucket next to liam .
i was thrilled for abby when she and dean finished first with the grapes and received their clue token .
i tried not to feel impatient as liam stomped grapes in a slow , methodical motion even as brodie was stomping so fast and so hard that he looked like he was dancing a jig .
` ` done , '' liam shouted , holding up his wine amphora , now full of foot - stomped grape juice .
eventually , the rocks gave way to green fields of lemon and olive trees , and grape vines and wildflowers .
` ` provided you do n't go and steal his daughter 's ' virtue ' which , hell , you and i know that 's two years too late '' -josie shot me a smirk before popping a grape in her mouth- '' you should be good .
josie tossed another grape in her mouth .
and the grapes she kept popping in there .
` ` although i was under the impression you did n't have a heart , '' she mumbled before tossing a grape at me .
josie tossed the last grape on her plate into her mouth - thank god - and her expression shifted into something not so light .
instead of a grape , a wedge of apple slapped against my cheek .
while she was occupied , i hurried myself and poured the non - alcoholic grape juice into two fancy - ass glasses .
` ` no , grape seeds , '' she said , hand on her hip , mouth quirked in a little smile .
i did n't drink , the church used grape juice , and with my dad the way he was , i swore liquor off .
it was sweet , and he fed me grapes and wine .
then i pressed it in further , like puncturing a really dense grape .
melissa sat watching tv on our l - shaped couch while eating a bowl full of cottage cheese and green grapes .
melissa pretended to whine and he threw a grape at her .
i laid myself out on the grass and rifling through my bag , found a baggy of grapes and started popping a few .
i smiled and popped another grape , gazing at him .
sitting up , he reached into my baggy and grabbed a couple of grapes .
it was breathtaking , and put my sad little bundle of grapes to shame .
did you know that the baby is about the size of a grape , and she 's already forming fingers and toes ? ''
he said he would take one slice of the brie and some grapes .
you can see it underneath my skin , pressing up like a small grape .
parker opens the fridge and pulls out a bowl full of cotton candy grapes .
whoever thought to grow hybrid grapes like these is pure genius .
i nearly choke on the grape .
her legs are clenched so hard i ' m almost worried she 'll pop my head like a grape , but then she remembers on her own and lessens the pressure .
` ` my father always said he 'd rather get lost in renoir than old grapes . ''
i set the bags of apples and grapes on the belt next .
` ` the best part of summer was when the grapes were ready to be picked .
i remember running out in the back yard first thing in the morning to pick the grapes that were covered in morning dew .
` ` maybe grow some grapes . ''
maybe i 'll get involved in producing the film , or i can retire and grow grapes , but it will be my decision .
he 'd dressed casually from the very start , considering he spent much of his time out in the vineyards , learning what it took to produce a quality grape that would , in turn , produce a quality wine .
the grapes have to be just so .
` ` you 're so crazy possessive now , '' she teased him as she fed him grapes after helping herself to the pasta and chicken he had heated in the microwave .
and these grapes .
these grapes are real .
do n't skimp on the butter and ignore the grape jelly .
i noticed she had grape jelly smeared on her face and i also noticed more than a little of it was smeared on the bar and her hands and she shouted , ` ` yippee ! ''
her life 's a f**kin ' mess but it 's a mess of the grape jelly smears on her car upholstery variety .
ellie shouted , her fingers curled into cob lucas 's pants , her back arched at an impossible angle , her grape popsicle - stained mouth smiling huge up at her grandfather .
he took out a bottled water which i knew was for him when he set a can of diet grape soda by my food .
' she went to j 's , got soup and noodles , then to 7 - eleven for a diet grape . '
i 'd finished my soup , leaving the mysterious bits uneaten in the bottom ( i loved that soup but those mysterious bits freaked me out and i never ate them ) , taken a sip of my grape in preparation for the next culinary delight and opened my noodles when hawk approached my desk , bending as he moved to snatch up the discarded bag .
sitting on my barstool , drinking cosmos like they were diet grape soda , i did everything i could to get hawk 's attention , twisting and turning on my stool , crossing and uncrossing my legs , sucking and twirling a cocktail straw , flipping my hair unnecessarily .
dad got me a diet grape , himself and hawk a fresh beer , replenished meredith 's red wine and meredith and i loaded up the table with fresh , hot garlic bread , a huge salad and every bottle of salad dressing known to man .
these bags contained brand new martini glasses ( a set of four , long stemmed , ultra sleek ) , a martini shaker , a mammoth wedge of brie , a french baton , grapes , apples , assorted olives , gherkins , red onion marmalade , assorted crackers , assorted chocolates and an enormous chunk of pate .
` ` i 'll tell you this , '' elvira announced , fanning out little slices of french baton on the plate next to fanned out little slices of apple all surrounding a gleaming , clean bunch of succulent grapes in the middle , ` ` hawk put me on radar , watched my every move for a year and a half and activated the troops when i caught trouble , there 'd be no cookie dough in sight .
` ` boards 're done , '' elvira announced , plonking the brie next to the grapes .
i leaned forward and grabbed a bunch of grapes and a bigger bunch of assorted chocolates .
hawk asked as he leaned forward and grabbed some stranded grapes , his head tipping to the decimated food boards .
the plate already had two slices of toast slathered in butter and grape jelly .
before i could stop myself , i announced in a wistful voice , ` ` i miss grape jelly . ''
` ` you miss grape jelly ? ''
` ` oatmeal with one sugar or satisfy your hankerin ' for some toast with grape jelly ? ''
men did n't remember things like you saying you missed grape jelly .
` ` she misses grape jelly , '' max muttered and i ignored him and the memory he invoked and gave mindy her mug of coffee .
she cried , like it was a surprise i made it for her when she 'd watched me the whole time then she continued , ` ` why do you miss grape jelly ? ''
every piece of land surrounding their cabin either had newly planted flowers or vegetables planted in it and they had a fledgling grape arbor .
carrie ignored mack 's comment and asked , ` ` you guys want grape kool - aid ? ''
` ` you have a grape kool - aid mustache , '' he told carrie and carrie swiped the back of her wrist along her mouth at the same time she cried , ` ` i do not ! ''
` ` you get grape kool - aid on my tee , babe , it 's gon na piss me off , '' he lied and i knew it was a lie from the look on his face which was sweet and soft and more handsome than he ever looked .
before i knew it we were both rolling out of the hammock and , with tate firmly guiding our actions , i had a task of keeping my grape kool - aid safe .
i did n't drink grape kool - aid there because brad 's not a kool - aid type of guy but i was scared i 'd spill it on the furniture .
` ` i ai n't a grape kool - aid type of guy either , '' he answered .
i needed to be here , see to things , weed mom 's garden , mow the yard ( it took me a whole day to do the front yard , the side yard across the lane by the grape arbor and weed whack everything including around the pond - tyler should take his boot camp out on a field trip to indiana and force them to do that , it was killer ) , clean the house , ferry mom around , visit with dad .
you would n't think twice if you spilled grape kool - aid on it .
sometimes i watched ( okay , mostly i watched ) while i sipped grape kool - aid .
` ` you like grape kool - aid , jonas ? ''
suffice it to say , matt definitely could n't drink grape kool - aid on his couch because ellen would have a conniption and matt was not down with that , at least not fifteen years of it with ellen growing more and more uptight rather than less and less .
laurie 's ass was planted on a stool at the butcher block topped island in their awesome kitchen like she kept vigil there , cell phone on the counter in front of her , laptop open and on , a half full glass of what looked like iced grape kool - aid in a super girlie but kickass glass in front of her , her eyes riveted to us the minute we entered and they were visibly curious .
maybe when you 're older i 'll consider it , '' he said , taking a bite of what looked like a grape .
` ` hum , she 's the submissive sort , '' edward said , popping a grape into his mouth .
the hallway was as cool and soothing as the lobby and if she had been in a better mood she would have taken the time to admire the lush paintings of ripe grapes on the walls and the magical spun - glass light fixtures that hung from the ceiling .
' with ripe grapes , but indistinguishable .
he pushed open the thick oak door and inhaled the scent of fermenting grapes .
the dirt , the trees , the grapes , the mountains .
so when he heard the sound of dried grape eaves crunching , he sharpened his gaze .
eating too many grapes ? ''
dried hay mixed with newly crushed grapes was a heady , sweet scent .
for three years she 'd tried to convince him to abandon his meticulous planting techniques , his organic pesticides , in favor of more grapes , more cases , more money .
and maybe later , if things went really well , they could play out some of the increasingly elaborate scenes in his head where she was the naughty grape stealer and he was punishing her with the flat of his hand against her soft , round ass .
but at least i have n't spent a year growing grapes for them . ''
my grapes are more resistant to hot spells and frost : ' ` ` what about pests , mold , disease ? ''
and if he had let himself become the man she 'd really wanted - slick , impossibly wealthy , willing to sell his grapes out to the low - budget commercial wine sellers - they 'd likely still be together .
the first thing she noticed was the smell of fermenting grapes , so sweet , so strong , so heady .
she 'd done winery tours before , she 'd been in the caves where the grapes ripened into wine , but her breath had never been taken away .
her senses had come alive in jack 's studio kitchen , and now she took in the heady scent of the growing grapes cooling after a hot summer day , the fragrant dirt beneath them .
'' are these grapes yours ? ''
` ` these are viognier grapes : ' he said , picking a small , green grape from the vines and popping it into her mouth .
` ` these are viognier grapes : ' he said , picking a small , green grape from the vines and popping it into her mouth .
'' and sweet ' she said , surprised by the contradiction of the grape .
he looked up at the blue , clear sky and said , ` ` i 'll bet she 's looking down at us , delighted that the grapes are as much of a pain in the butt as she sometimes was .
it 's her fault that i ' ve been fighting for these grapes , year after year . ''
` ` viognier grapes are n't resistant to disease .
he 'd been so caught up in this vision of their next erotic adventure that it had taken everything in him to speak coherently about his grapes .
at the end of august , it was only a month or two from the crush , and the purple grapes hung heavy on the vines .
she purred , slowly standing up , advancing on him , her bare feet crunching through the brown grapes that had fallen to the ground .
he did n't bother to look up from his canvas when she emerged from behind a row of grapes .
she still stood there , and he added , ` ` naked again , '' so she stripped back off her dress , but this time she found herself sitting cross - legged , facing him , a thick bunch of newly picked grapes on her lap , covering her .
he did n't touch her , but the way that he told her exactly where he wanted her arms , her hair , the grapes , made her feel as if he 'd rubbed every inch of her skin with his hands .
soon , her stomach was empty again , and without thinking she reached down and popped a grape into her mouth .
the throbbing between her legs intensified , and she wondered if she was going to come again , like this , with a bunch of cabernet grapes on her thighs , sam 's thumb rasping against her tongue .
sam sat cross - legged , holding vanessa on top of him as if she were a bunch of grapes .
` ` although i do n't know if i ' m going to be able to find a big enough bunch of grapes to cover you . ''
she popped grapes into her mouth one at a time , like a goddess of the vines , relaxing in her kingdom .
vanessa dropped the remaining grapes to the ground and shifted to look him in the eye .
he turned on the radio and drove past fields of olives and grapes , whistling to the pop songs on the radio .
moving lightning - fast , he snatches a grape out of my hand and pops it in his mouth .
` ` she ate a grape or two and got right down to business . ''
she flitted away , probably off to personally crush the grapes .
we found a family owned vineyard with rows and rows of grape vines .
i 'd leapt at the chance so squash the grapes with my feet and make wine and i 'd been floored when he rolled up his pants and joined me .
he came over , his eyes taking in the line of orange wedges , strawberries , and grapes .
` ` how delicious , '' she said , popping a grape in her mouth .
she plucked another grape from the vine and popped it in her mouth .
` ` i could tell she was smart , '' alicia said , dabbing the side of her mouth even though she 'd only consumed a couple of grapes .
alex buys sweetmeats and red - cheeked apples and luscious purple grapes .
yum all manner of assorted expensive cheeses and crackers with grapes and pears .
dillon followed her lead and tossed a few cheese slices into his mouth with a few grapes , too .
dillon made a show of thinking and then coming up empty , which prompted her to throw a grape at him .
dillon grinned and popped another grape , chewing slowly .
he sighed and popped another grape .
i told him payback would be when it was time to put him in a home and i found the crappiest nursing home to stick him in where they served up nothing but grape gelatin and stool softener sandwiches .
life threw grapes at me but i turned them into wine .
when i ' m finished with my makeup , i flip the mirror up , press the pedal to the floor , and turn up some florence and the machine , holding onto the wheel as i fly down hills , around curves , past acres and acres of grapes .
i could nt help but imagine us lounging around in togas feeding grapes to each other .
i picked up a grape and rolled it between thumb and forefinger .
i dropped the grape .
downstairs , i got comfortable on the couch with my copy of grapes of wrath by john steinbeck , tucked a pencil for scribbling notes behind my ear , and popped open my favorite spicy baked chips .
no sour grapes , janet smiled brightly .
no sour grapes , janet reminded herself .
all their friends would know by now , that kind of news had a way of circulating along the grape vine at an accelerated speed .
matthew believed it to be a case of what he called sour grapes , with them not wanting others to enjoy the same experience they had .
she might even throw it at him that it was all a load of sour grapes or some thing like that , because she had brushed him aside for somebody else .
she s going to be a bunch of grapes .
its for mollys recital- you know , the bunch of grapes .
and you stick this on this right here and you see , and there you have it : a bunch of grapes .
hold on a sec , krys a beach towel , a small tote with two bottled waters that had been chilled in the freezer , a new paperback mystery novel , a small baggie filled with seedless grapes , a bottle of sunscreen and my sunglasses .
shed only had half a banana and a handful of grapes for breakfast .
he watched as louisa rinsed the grapes and cut them in half before serving them to emma .
then you add cabbage , pickled herring , mangoes , onions , grapes and anything else you can find .
i sat at the kitchen table with the yellow and purple flowered cloth and the wooden bowl filled with plastic grapes and apples and bananas .
if we run with all of this on australia day of all days , its going to taste of sour grapes .
it was a pleasant day with a light breeze blowing over the hills and strumming its way through the grapes climbing the supports all around them .
but on this particular thursday jarvis spoke for everyone when he said , ` ` if ever a fox went after sour grapes , it surely was that crybaby dunraven . ''
she pretended great interest in spreading grape jelly on her toast .
she did nt like grape jelly .
popping a couple of grapes in his mouth , he chewed for a minute .
there also sat the microwave popcorn with extra butter , assorted crackers and cheese , and to maintain health and nutrition , a mound of grapes , apples and a tub of butterscotch dip .
an empty ice cream carton , grape stems , and a lone chunk of cheese lay amid assorted bags and boxes of chips , crackers and a bowl with a few unpopped kernels of corn .
micah produced a small amount of fresh mushrooms , a zucchini and a package of grape tomatoes .
the orchard trees strained under the weight of the fat , purple grapes that dangled in bunches from spindly branches .
the trees were perfectly healthy , its just that the grapes were by in large healthier .
past the fat grapes , the land spread out in rich green and gold fields along the rolling hills to one side , alternating like a patchwork quilt .
a few gathered some of the juicy grapes from the orchard up the hill .
liam went to feed and water rogue and returned bearing grapes .
returning with dried meat and grapes i assumed were from the orchard , nikolas sat down on the damp earth .
with a final sniff , she lifted her head and stared at the grape stain below his collar .
the feel of the soil , the sugared , heady scent of the ripening grapes , the vital interplay of sun and water and earth , it was in his blood , always would be .
what with the hyperfocus on the grapes and the odd mix of country and city , it might as well be .
` ` the company that makes those wines buys grapes from all over , '' he said , swallowing down the telltale heat firing in him .
he drew in a breath of the air , still moist with dew and laced with the scent of ripening grapes .
the question is whether to bring the grapes in early or risk a freeze . ''
alex palmed a cluster of grapes , fingered them gently .
the musky scent of the ripening grapes was like a tether through time - he could travel its length as it stirred memories of autumns past , autumns when life was simpler , decisions easier .
the grapes have n't set , at least not to my liking . ''
emilio plucked a grape hanging from the vine next to him and rolled it in his palm .
alex nestled the cluster of grapes back into the vine and stared out over the vineyard .
he pictured the grapes as he 'd just seen them and the way they 'd look at the perfect moment .
as she maneuvered along the rows of grapes , she saw the profile of huge fans among the rows of vines much further toward the horizon .
` ` i do n't want to save a few grapes and burn down the rest of the vineyard . ''
he reached the wing over the vine nearest him and fingered a cluster of grapes .
` ` why not just pick the grapes and bring them in from the cold ? ''
` ` you ' ve probably guessed that this is n't about seals or even grapes . ''
are there grapes on this plate ?
they led her through to the back which opened onto a delightful garden where sunlight and shade were dappled through an arbor of grape vines and honeysuckle .
she had packed fresh hard - crusted rolls , a bunch of grapes , a couple of plump orange - red tomatoes , a thick slice of sweet , semi - soft cheese , and a small , but sinful creme pastry that she could n't resist on her local shopping tour .
she nibbled a few grapes , and studied the pastry .
through the office grape vine he d learnt that her name was mandy sue .
liam stuck a grape in his mouth .
he dropped a grape into his mouth .
and grapes of wrath again with henry fonda , smiled sarah .
then she grabbed a large tray and tossed on some chocolate biscuits , mini - sandwiches , muffins , and an apple and a bunch of red grapes .
after hearing richards words , embarrassed though she was at the implication , laura wrote off the comment as sour grapes .
glancing around the room , she realized some others were about to make wine out of those sour grapes , the hard way .
the grape juice i bought some time ago and had them hold it in their wine cellar for today , even though i did nt know when this day would be .
her white clothes hamper was pulled close to the edge of the tub , an empty glass and small plate of strawberries and grapes arranged on its top .
there , blanche caressed a small firm melon , ran her index finger over the carrots , and casually eyed up the other shoppers as she selected blushing pink grapes and a bunch of thrusting bananas .
for dessert , i threw in a few slices of chocolate cake and some grapes .
it was grape , not cherry .
he and my dad are constantly at odds about this new grape my brother wants to grow .
its a new variety of drought tolerant grape and my dad says its a waste of time and land for experimenting .
my brother has been researching different grapes for some time and says its time to take a chance at a new grape .
my brother has been researching different grapes for some time and says its time to take a chance at a new grape .
behind the winery grew an acre of grapes .
wow my dad has been buying our grapes from a vineyard up north in paso robles for some time now , but there s some kind of problem with the irrigation flow -- they re threatening to cut off water to our grapes and it could be devastating for our winery .
wow my dad has been buying our grapes from a vineyard up north in paso robles for some time now , but there s some kind of problem with the irrigation flow -- they re threatening to cut off water to our grapes and it could be devastating for our winery .
ca nt you buy your grapes somewhere else ?
we own several acres south of here in arroyo grande where scott wants to grow his new grape .
my grandfather used to grow grapes there , but for the past few decades , dad has leased it out to a flower grower .
your dad does nt approve of scott growing his own grapes ?
it measures the amount of sugar in the grapes and gives me a fair idea of maturity .
i squished a grape and laid it right in there .
yes , whether the grapes are ready to harvest .
debra mentioned in passing that you were considering a new kind of grape .
the basic facts are that i want to try a new variety of grape a drought tolerant one .
tell me about this new grape .
i ve been researching this grape for a few years now .
this grape is a varietal called barbera that s drought resistant .
the grape can withstand long periods of time without huge quantities of water .
since california always seems to be in some kind of water dilemma or another , the new research shows that this new grape , and others like it , may be the way of the future .
he just wants to continue purchasing our grapes .
his dad , my grandfather , about lost his shirt trying to grow his own grapes and do wine production too .
together they looked out into the small vineyard with its leafy twisted vines , large clumps of moist hanging grapes and the ever - present peacocks wandering through the rows .
how long does it take to go from grapes on the vine to wine in the bottle ?
your grandmother told him to take the money , buy the winery and shed join him when the first grapes showed on the vines .
correct , so that means our grapes do nt adapt and their genes are basically standing still .
if we could cross - breed our grapes , we could come up with something more drought tolerant .
so i want to grow a whole different grape , like the barbera from italy .
the barbera grape is already being grown in some sections by santa barbara .
i want to use the arroyo grande acreage to grow the barbera grape .
i want to hire debs new party planner to do a marketing campaign for the new grape and have launch parties before the wine is bottled .
and well just continue buying grapes for the current wines out of paso for the next year ?
you were born with this soil under your fingernails and the smell of grapes in the air that you breathe .
he thought that grapes were sunlight held together by water melissa was like a moist , sunlit grape that his hands were itching to pick .
he thought that grapes were sunlight held together by water melissa was like a moist , sunlit grape that his hands were itching to pick .
it begins too with the soil , the vine and the grape .
sam reminded me that i was born with this soil under my nails and the aroma of grapes in every breath i take .
what is it about grapes and vineyards anyway ?
you should hear him talk about his life , the vineyards , the grapes its enough to make you want to start writing poetry or volunteering for a charity .
and luckily you re a big kayaker too i m also going to help him with a party to get investors for his new grape .
you re sweet and sexy and pretty as a grape a grape ?
you re sweet and sexy and pretty as a grape a grape ?
do nt laugh there s nothing more beautiful than a clump of juicy , moist grapes , kissed by the sun and moon .
and if you give me a few minutes , ill show you that i prefer you to a grape any time what a sweet talker she touched his face and outlined his lips with her finger .
i met with sam , began scott , and he was receptive to my idea about the new grape varietal .
i told him i d help him get some investors to raise the money he needs to launch this grape that s all she glanced around at them .
the air that i breathe has the smell of the grapes in them true .
my plan is twofold : first , to keep with the granger signature white wines , in particular , we buy our grapes for next year from somebody else .
i ve been scouting a few other vineyards that we could buy our grapes from and not have to deal with the water fight we ve gotten into with the paso vineyard .
so you want to continue to buy our grapes from another vineyard for at least another year ?
both areas have the kind of grapes we can use .
i realize that our climate is warming and a different grape may be the answer .
but we would get fewer bottles with a new grape , especially farmed the way you want to scott blinked , stunned .
after the grapes are planted , i want to start a marketing campaign to advertise the new grape .
after the grapes are planted , i want to start a marketing campaign to advertise the new grape .
how is scott going to get the money to buy the new grape plants , pay for the labor involved and buy the equipment hell need ?
it had a description of the granger winery , its production numbers for its current wines and projected production numbers for the wine made from the new grape .
we ve beaten each other up over this new grape and what scott wants to do he waited a few minutes to continue , gathering his thoughts .
dad , the grapes a good one .
as such , its location and climate made it an ideal mediterranean type of area for growing grapes .
spanish conquistadors and franciscan missionaries had introduced wine grapes .
spanish explorer cortez had encouraged settlers from mexico to cultivate grapes .
scott had explained all this to melissa on the way in the car to give her some background as to why the grapes in this area were so good .
and after they d hiked for a while in the vineyard where granger winerys grapes were grown , she felt as tired as one of those conquistadors must have felt lugging all the equipment around that scott and tyler needed to test the crop .
but the man was nt home yet , so scott left word that they were going to test the grapes in the vineyard while they were there to see how ripe they were , how close to harvest .
they d been there for a few hours now and had hiked around to many spots in the vineyard , picking random grapes from various clusters .
measures the sugar content of the grape she watched as he first tasted a grape and made several faces that she could nt interpret .
measures the sugar content of the grape she watched as he first tasted a grape and made several faces that she could nt interpret .
he squished a grape and smeared some of its juice on the refractometer .
write this grape # ... what number grape is this ?
write this grape # ... what number grape is this ?
okay , grape # 40 registers 22 on brix scale .
helps measure the sugar content of the grape to estimate the alcohol content ah she blew a strand of hair off her face with a weary breath .
i had no idea growing grapes was so technical , she muttered .
we need to do at least fifty to get a good sense of the grapes maturity and if we can harvest .
she said to him and then mumbled when he walked away , even if it kills me tyler and scott kept on picking grapes and testing them for another hour while melissa dutifully wrote down their findings .
testing the grapes , eddy , what does it look like ?
these are our grapes .
we buy them from you , which makes them our grapes .
these are our grapes we sell them to you when they re harvested .
you know we have to think of our own grapes first .
you ca nt hold it back from our grapes .
all three men were covered in dirt , grapes and leaves , plus their faces had bruises beginning to bloom already .
were were testing grapes and out of nowhere some maniac shows up and and just starts throwing punches .
she s been helping us with the grape testing .
so you just took it upon yourself to limit the water to the part of the vineyard where our grapes our grown yes and i m sorry we did nt sit down then to let you know what was happening .
i should let you know right now that were going to make new arrangements next year for growing our grapes .
the grapes are ready to harvest , bob .
just that fact alone told scott more than he needed to know about her how she felt about him more than the words they were nt saying could say * * * a week later and they were all back in paso again , this time harvesting the grapes .
clumps of juicy green grapes dangled from the vines in never - ending fashion .
the smell in the air was rich and sweet to one side sat an endless row of steel buckets to grab , fill up and return full stepping up to a new row of grapes , melissa knew she was using muscles that shed never , ever used before in her lifetime .
a deep tissue massage was calling her for this evening moving to a new vine , she pushed away green and brown leaves to reach her reward a clump of grapes dotted with moisture and begging to be plucked .
she shifted the bucket so it would be closer to her on the ground and proceeded to pick each clump of ripe grapes that she could find .
it would take them several days , since walt would nt use machinery to harvest their grapes .
handpicking would take longer , but grapes would nt be bruised and fewer stems and leaves would find their way into the buckets .
when her bucket was finally filled again melissa trudged back to the huge wooden container where the grapes were being deposited .
when all their grapes had been harvested , many wooden containers would be transported to the facility in arroyo grande where granger winery made their wines .
maria brought up her bucket and dumped her grapes into the big container .
tyler and scott were both far away harvesting grapes in another area .
melissa knew they could pick twice as many grapes as she or maria could , and marveled at the effort it took to make a bottle of wine .
they were still hugging when scott and tyler walked up with their buckets of grapes to pour into the large container .
but a good dent had been made and now rest was needed to start it all again the next day and the day after that it would several backbreaking days of hard work , but the grapes were finally harvested and ready to be made into granger wine * * * chapter sixteen melissa was super busy for the next few weeks she had several events planned and had hundreds of details to organize trying to make those events the very best they could be .
we separate the juice from the grapes and their skins can i crash the party at the cliffs ?
the grapes are already crushed and going into fermentation do nt you need some help carrying in supplies , decorations or something ?
when she opened it , scott warily stood there with a bouquet of red roses he d also changed his shirt to that nice blue one that she liked on him , and had combed all the grape stems and leaves out of his usually messy hair .
i d say that does nt really surprise me because i love you more than i can ever say pause more than a clump of grapes ?
they know why they ve been invited yes , but i was thinking that you could show them different varieties of grapes .
makes sense so have various purple and green grapes that are used for our current wines ?
yes , and then show them the barbera grape .
talk about how the grapes differ from one another for making either red or white wines , and then hit them hard with the barbera its future possibilities and important drought tolerance quality .
plus you re prettier than a clump of grapes .
scott came from his place by sam and walked up to her with bags of grapes .
and he began to talk about grapes how they re grown , the necessary soil , what it takes to make a bottle of wine , how red wine differed from white .
wine is sunlight , held together by water when i drink a glass of wine , i like to think about the effort it took to make this wine what people were thinking as they picked the grapes , the smiles on faces when the preliminary testing beganits magic captured in a bottle melissa watched as he had people spellbound with his obvious love for the land and the process of winemaking .
and he looked at her with love passing around the green and purple grapes for comparison and contrast , scott began talking about the new grape .
and he looked at her with love passing around the green and purple grapes for comparison and contrast , scott began talking about the new grape .
she stayed put where he could see her he did nt need her as much now , but he still glanced back at her from time to time so the barbera is a beautiful grape from italy that dates back to the thirteenth century .
we think italian immigrants brought the grape here a hundred years ago , so its not unknown to this area .
soon heads were nodding and faces were smiling the wine was a hit i want to grow the grapes organically with drip instead of expensive irrigation .
that s when all the irrigation was started to grow more grapes in a hurry when would the first bottle come out ?
you met the target amount needed to grow your grapes !
most gave me kudos for having you talk so eloquently about your grape .
scotts going to plant his new grape , marveled debra .
damn damn damn * * * chapter twenty - one for the next two days , scott and his crew began planting all the grape plants .
maybe with the barbera , ill probably be able to harvest , but i want to check the grapes at that time to see if they re ready it might take a while longer .
roses and grapes are susceptible to the same kinds of fungus diseases .
the leaf structure of each plant will be trained to provide a kind of canopy over the grape clusters .
on a table outside , she set up a three - tiered display of juicy strawberries and grapes .
people walked down rows of grapes in the vineyard and others were dancing slowly with the soft music in the background .
walts surgery his subsequent recuperation at a nursing facility the new vineyard planting the current wine being produced testing , filtration negotiations with another vineyard for next years grapes debra and sue financial details meeting with accountants .
then the edginess crept in when the vineyard in templeton had balked at negotiations for next years grape crop , scott went home tired , angry and spitting nails .
so did i but the weeks been horrible and today was the day from hell i ve got filtration problems with the granger wines , a fungus on some of my new plants out in arroyo , and the templeton people are giving me trouble about the contract for next years grapes .
he d finally gotten the new lease negotiated with the templeton vineyard to buy granger grapes for the upcoming year .
i love you , mr . granger i love you too and you re prettier than a grape just one ?
wellthe chteauneuf - du - pape is a blended wine and made from several grape varieties .
today , the grenache is the most commonly used grape variety in chteauneuf wine , often combined with syrah and mourvdre to enhance the wines character .
the restaurant turns out to be greek , and we order grape leaves and lemon soup with chicken .
crushed pineapple , watermelon , grape jelly ... have you tried to get in touch with him ?
she chewed and swallowed the last of her pancakes and moved on to the untouched grapes on my plate .
fiona spit a half - chewed grape onto her plate .
i threw a grape at her , nailing her square between the eyes .
fiona popped the grape into her smiling mouth .
she scowled as she stole another grape .
unless you want to turn into a sour old grape , then that s no problem .
and i told him , mike , she s already seen me shoot grape kool - aid out my nose .
i ve got some at home grape flavored .
i like grape icicle pops .
they re probably a grape puddle by now .
otherwise , she be cleaning sticky grape off the floorboards of her ancient volvo .
she dropped the rabbit on top of the rest of the load , dumped in a healthy dollop of detergent and went out to buy some grape icicle pops .
she came home with bread dough , cheese , and sauce to make pizza , two kinds of grape popsicles , magnum bars for her and summer and a bottle of wine .
autumn held up one each of the grape popsicles shed bought and watched in delight as abbys eyes lit up .
feeling the need to start my day right , i decided to make a quick fruit salad with grapes , strawberries , pineapple and cantaloupe topped with a banana and sour cream dressing .
how about we get some sparkling grape juice for fun ?
you only live once , and who knows , in a couple of days my number may be up , so i might as well live it up with some sparkling grape juice .
i picked apple and he sided with the white grape .
neither of us was willing to change our opinions , so we opted to just agree that the red grape was the worst .
she always made it with fresh dill , crumbled walnuts and tangy seedless grapes .
i told him how she and that fella of hers was all twisted up and intertwined like fertile grape vines .
she wound her arms around his neck like a dancer , parted her lips wider , pressed her mouth against his in a luscious , lingering kiss that tasted of sweet grape .
it was a tossup between grape nuts and kix .
even though i really liked grape nuts , i was stuck on the detail that with that name it should contain either grapes or nuts .
even though i really liked grape nuts , i was stuck on the detail that with that name it should contain either grapes or nuts .
it was a grape colored , full length ball gown .
i grabbed the box of grape nuts and a bowl .
he gave my box of grape nuts a revolting look and instead reached for the lucky charms .
it was grape soda for heaven 's sake !
while i started munching on my berries , melons and grapes , frannie turned her attention towards my hair .
i was chewing on a huge grape what ?
fueled by aged grapes and jeremy associations , kira called jamies name .
all she could see was one radish , a square of cheese - low - fat , she presumed - and a small bunch of seedless grapes .
daisy asked , helping herself to a few seedless red grapes from the fruit bowl on the table .
sounds like he might be hero material , '' daisy said , reaching for another cluster of grapes after she stood .
without the vines there would be no grapes , without the grapes , no wine , and without the winery , no gregory bennett .
without the vines there would be no grapes , without the grapes , no wine , and without the winery , no gregory bennett .
the younger of the two bennett boys had shown a talent for the business , but matthias had been the one to teach him about grapes , about wine making , about operating an estate winery .
in the beginning it was because he was harvesting the grapes .
when the grapes mature , greg gives matthias a percentage of the profits as a means of thanking him for his forgiveness and for his help through the early years .
the refrigerator provided a chunk of cheddar and a small cluster of seedless grapes , which she munched on hungrily .
already i pictured the scene in my mind , loving the bold colors , the bed of satin floor pillows - with royce lounging on them , eating grapes from my hand - and the thought of magic at every corner .
i can sit at your feet and feed you grapes all day . ''
` ` no , grapes , '' he mocked , then strode out onto the balcony , already pressing the numbers on his cell phone , already forgetting her .
and now like some sort of a magician 's hat , he pulled out a blanket , two bottles of red wine , a couple of glasses , a container filled with five or six different kinds of cheese , most of them names she could n't pronounce , and a set of grapes and strawberries , a couple of them chocolate covered .
she strolled with him through the miles of vines as he pointed out different grapes and then gave her a tour of where the fine bottles of expensive alcohol was made .
she 'd enjoyed their three night stay there , strolling through the rows of grapes , talking with the workers , and drinking too much wine .
bree unwrapped a lacquer box filled with stuffed grape leaves .
her mom used to love it here in the summers when she was little , and they often came to watch the grape harvest .
perhaps he was out there somewhere , lurking in the rows of vineyard grapes behind the cottage , ready to spring on her and talk her back into his bed .
i questioned as i popped a grape from a platter on the sideboard .
he looks like grape ape in the thing with his head grazing the ceiling , but the situation is clear .
i want to smell the grapes .
she offered him a grape .
` ` have another grape , '' he said evasively , then grinned at her put - out look .
her friend was assembling an appetizer plate of cheeses , fresh green grapes and crackers , which sat on the marble counter .
hearing about the small party , alix turner from the french cafe had dropped off a tray of cheese , crackers and seedless green grapes , which anne marie had placed on her work table , now covered with a lacy cloth .
rachel followed her into the kitchen and teri began preparing a cheese and cracker plate with apple slices and grapes .
teri had washed the grapes and sliced two apples ; now she was cubing the cheese and arranging it on the platter .
` ` that 's the one with the grapes and chinese noodles i liked the last time ? ''
he does n't have a lot of time , you know , so he does fun things like chicken salad with grapes and pineapple and lettuce .
filled with apples , oranges , bananas , grapes and a variety of nuts and chocolate , it was wrapped in silvery cellophane and decorated with a large plaid bow .
her hair was done up in tight bunches over her ears like grapes .
after she took a sip of wine , he slid a grape between her lips and listened to her low hum of appreciation as the sweet fruit burst onto her tongue .
wrinkling like a dying grape , going gray , wanting . ''
out in the grapes , i think .
there was some problem with the grapes , or an account , perhaps .
just a little thing with the grapes .
the other man , who i assumed was giancarlo , waved at luca and set out through the rows of grape trellises , brutus at his heels .
but i do n't think i truly appreciated the gift luca was giving me until that afternoon in the grape fields of montepulciano .
in the grape fields it was slow and languorous and deeply emotional ; in the shower it was rough and hungry ; then , late at night , in the darkness of the room lit only by stars and city lights , it was wild and noisy and acrobatic , exhausting and satiating .
luca stole me away whenever he could , pulled me into the rows of grapes and kissed me until i was dizzy from his kisses .
does he grow good grapes ? ''
there 's a smoky flavor that would go well with an oaked and well - aged red made from tempranillo grapes . ''
` ` there 's a selection of cheeses , a baguette , some pickles made at the resort , grapes and a nut terrine that is irresistible . ''
their glasses held sparkling white grape juice .
eleanor could remember lying on her stomach on an old persian rug , drinking grape juice out of a jelly jar , being extra quiet because her baby brother was asleep in the next room - and studying each record , one by one .
there was big bunch of red glass grapes on the table .
like all the glass grapes hanging from everything .
` ` those are chardonnay grapes , '' he said , wincing because when a plant felt pain , so did he .
` ` hey , marah rose , '' she whispered , taking hold of her daughter 's grape - sized fist .
i would have waited for you but ... '' he shook his head as he picked up a grape and fixed her with a sparkling eye .
she opened her mouth , and he popped the grape inside , tracing his finger temptingly across her lower lip .
she shook her head , plucking a grape from the fruit bowl and eating it .
because i love our child already , even though he or she is probably smaller than a grape . ''
he reached across the seat , tapping his fingers off her forearm to get her attention and point out the long rows of grape vines slicing through the valley on his left .
sitting on a bench along the sprawling deck outside the main lodge , she inhaled the scent of mountain air and grapes .
chandler was quiet for a long moment as his gaze fixed on the swaying grape trees .
as far as the eye could see , there were grape trees and rolling hills under the bright glare of the sun and blue skies .
` ` we needed to get this - whatever it is - out of our systems , '' she said , her gaze drifting beyond him to where the setting sun cast an orangey glow over the grape trees .
satisfied , he reached into his pockets and withdrew a few grapes .
` ` you took me away from that fabulous good time to eat grapes ?
we are not going to eat grapes on the ground in the dark .
` ` the grapes , of course . ''
then without pausing any further , she grabbed some grapes from his hand .
he urged , holding a grape in front of her face .
emma rolled her eyes , snatching the grape out of his hand .
with that , emma threw not one but two grapes at the next two passersby , hitting one in the foot and the other in the head .
when they were in the clear , he released his hand and motioned for her to step back as he took his turn launching the grape toward the young man sitting on the bench .
the grape ricocheted off his nose into his eye .
` ` one minute we were throwing grapes at people and the next he was kissing me ! ''
` ` throwing grapes ?
` ` they were small grapes !
all because of the kissing and the grapes .
leaning down he whispered , ` ` would n't you rather spend your evenings throwing grapes at the people walking by ?
daniel picked up a grape and examined it .
she held up a pair of silver earrings that almost looked like little bunches of grapes .
sour grapes ; i can handle him . ''
` ` i have a special piglet stuffed animal to make him feel comfortable , and i have a ten - pack of grape dubble bubble . ''
` ` ah , yes , because gabriel loves grape dubble bubble , '' dorrie said .
he saw the look of surprise bloom on grey 's face , pale in the gloom of the grape arbor .
and her daughter was in fact not morris 's at all but born to the ostler at the grapes , as the mother admitted in court .
peel your grapes ? ''
cole wanted to know who would peel her grapes ?
opening the refrigerator , she grabbed a handful of grapes and made her way back to the living room to stew .
she bit down hard on a grape .
she chewed on more grapes as her phone vibrated again .
afterward , papa would take her to the square at lunchtime , where they would feast on fresh paninis and drink cappuccino , washing the meal down with pancetta and ripened grapes from the market .
he 'd never had a frozen vegetable with her and was beginning to get used to the bottles of herbs on the windowsill , the baskets of tomatoes and prunes , grapes and lemons that littered the countertops .
a tour of sand point was one thing , but lying down on the grass feeding each other grapes was another .
her mind scurried as she tried to come up with the names of parks , but for the life of her erin could n't remove the picture of brand pressing a grape to her lips and then bending over to kiss her and share the juicy flavor .
her stomach had been tied up in knots for the last hour while she 'd replayed over and over again in her mind this ridiculous scene about them sharing grapes .
` ` yeah , i used grape kool - aid . ''
he was so cold he 'd bet his nuts were the size of grapes .
your fist was the size of a grape . ''
` ` maybe doc burton will give me a grape sucker if i ' m good . ''
lurlene babbled on about haircuts and cashmere sweaters and diamonds the size of grapes .
the flavor of the fermented grapes was a relief .
i should n't be surprised if every man jack of them has piles hanging out of his arse like grape clusters ! ''
` ` now , grapes .
you like grapes , do n't you ? ''
i took my hand away , and swallowed the rest of the wine in my cup , rough and warm and musky with the tang of grape skins .
a wild grapevine wrapped itself round the trunk of a persimmon that overhung the bank ; animals had taken most of the grapes , but a few bunches still hung out over the water , out of reach for any but the most daring of squirrels - or a tall woman .
the grapes were ripe to bursting , so purple as to be nearly black , and sticky with juice .
she popped the stem , and turned to toss the grapes to him .
he flipped two grapes into his mouth , crushed them , and spat the skins and pips with the ease of long custom .
the grape skins were , in fact , very bitter .
she spit the mangled grape skin into her palm and flicked it away into the grass .
a wasp lighted on the bunch of grapes in her hand , and she slapped it irritably away .
` ` yes , '' she said , wiping spluttered grape juice off her chin .
he shook his head , looking down at the grape he was thumbing loose from its stem .
he flipped the grape into his mouth and turned to open his bag - which , now that she noticed , bulged suspiciously .
i leaned back against the palisades , feeling the cool papery rustle of grape leaves against my neck , fanning softly over my heated cheeks .
i paused beside a statue of a half - draped man with grapes in his hair and a flute at his lips .
a large , silky goat nibbled hungrily at more grapes that were cascading from the marble folds of the draperies .
with that clarity of vision for small details that afflicts life 's most awful moments , i saw that the blade lay stark across the curling stem of a bunch of fat green grapes , as though about to sever it and cut them free of the weft to roll at our feet .
we sat , hands clasped and pressed together on the bench , unmoving , unspeaking , for what seemed like hours , with the cool rain - breeze whispering our thoughts in the grape leaves above .
i laid my hand on his chest , tentative as though the touch of him might burn me in truth , and so we sat for a good while longer , letting the grape leaves talk for us .
the smell of the rain - swept grapes was strong and sweet , and it was a blessed relief to lean against him , feeling his warmth as comfort , not as threat , as i listened to the story of the port - wine piracy .
fallen grapes littered the ground under the arbor , the pungent scent of their fermentation promising the forgetfulness of wine .
he sat still , waiting , the sun through the grape leaves streaking his hair with a tiger 's blaze , shadows falling across his face .
i took it and we went in together to supper , leaving the grape leaves to their muted conversation .
` ` aye , you 're thin enough ; but scrawny as ye are , your br**sts are full - and the n**ples of them gone the color of champagne grapes .
bonnet 's pale eyes fixed on ian 's face ; they were green , the color of peeled grapes .
` ` ick , '' i said , examining a particularly juicy specimen , the size of a grape , nestling amid the soft cinnamon hair of jamie 's underarm .
` ` grape shot .
the rest of the berries had been carefully dried , along with the wild grapes , or made up into jam or preserve , and were presently hidden in the pantry , safe - i hoped - from childish depredations .
enormous clusters of wild scuppernong grapes had been hung from the rafters , drying slowly into raisins .
fragments of the day appeared behind my eyelids the moment i shut my eyes - mrs . bug and her broom , gerhard mueller 's muddy boots , bare - stemmed grape clusters , blanched tangles of sauerkraut , the round halves of jemmy 's miniature pink bottom , dozens of young chisholms running amok ...
the scent of black grapes perfumed the inside of my head and the heat of the wine warmed my face , my throat , my br**sts , my skin .
the liquid in the cup was wine - and a nice one , too , rough but with a good round flavor , redolent of sun and grape leaves .
we had milk , butter , and cheese to trade ; potatoes and grain , pork and venison , fresh vegetables and dried fruit , a little wine made from the scuppernong grapes of the autumn past .
jamie had mentioned that a family of bats had taken up residence in the springhouse , too - yes , there they were , four tiny bundles hung up in the darkest corner , each one barely two inches long , as neat and tidy as a greek dolmade wrapped in grape leaves .
she had rinsed her mouth with water and wine , and tasted of autumn grapes and cold streams .
a letter arrived a week or so later , sent by his brother - in - law ian , but while this contained the usual news of lallybroch and broch mordha , it made no mention whatever of jenny 's adventure near balriggan , nor her subsequent discovery in the grape arbor .
or a tisane of grape leaves ? ''
he plopped an array of fruits onto the counter , and i plucked a grape .
it was tarter than the grape and actually contrasted nicely .
` ` grape juice .
falling into the same easy sense of companionship they 'd felt the night before in his truck , they spent another hour laughing , whispering , sharing cheese and grapes , and watching the stars come out above .
a false lattice stretches across the ceiling and rows of grapes hang overhead like a canopy .
jason applebee sat in the living area eating grapes from a beautiful fruit basket .
` ` your father was quite informative , '' jason told her before popping another juicy grape into his mouth .
when colds settled in , he stood in the aisle of the grocery store , scanning the shelves of cough syrup , wondering whether to buy grape or cherry flavoring .
she stared at him with wide , blank eyes , dropped grapes onto the floor one by one , and mumbled incomprehensibly .
his shorts and tank top were streaked a dusty brown , and his face looked as if it had n't been washed in a week , reminding denise of the dust bowl children steinbeck had described in the grapes of wrath .
denise , who 'd brought kyle 's dinner with him ( macaroni and cheese , ritz crackers , grapes ) , set his plate in front of him .
my sister 's tumor , invisible only three months before , had grown to the size of a grape .
now it was the size of three grapes , with tentacles spreading out from it .
her tumor was now the size of four grapes , and the tentacles continued to spread .
he buttered his toastand added grape jelly before using his fork to break the eggs .
i took a grape one and sat with her and lissa in the small living room .
your niece just poured a cup of grape juice on her brother 's head . ''
reaching for a grape , alexandra pointedly popped it in her mouth while william did his best to hide his grin .
` ` there is a woman ... '' the sultan chuckled and then plucked a grape from the fruit bowl on the table and popped it into his mouth .
he wanted to act , not sit around eating grapes and drinking wine while women danced about .
he was completely calm and collected as he returned to the table , bent down , and picked up a bunch of grapes , which he then began popping into his mouth one by one .
orange and grape .
` ` do you prefer grape or orange juice ? ''
` ` i 'd love grape . ''
the sweet taste of grape juice filled her mouth as their tongues dueled .
his head felt like someone had popped it like a grape .
she instinctivelyclutched the hamhock against her chest , trying to hide behind it ashergown burst like the skin of an overripe grape .
marilyn 's parents , the bennetts , grew apples , peaches , grapes , and blueberries in a massive orchard on the outskirts of town , and after he finished his residency , david bonner moved to his wife 's hometown and opened his own practice .
they took cottage cheese and cold chicken breasts ; cereal and microwave brownies and grapes and pippin apples .
next he retrieved a bowl of marinated green beans with grape tomatoes and a pitcher of iced tea from the refrigerator and placed them in the middle of the table , then he sat across from her and filled their glasses .
she plucked a purple grape from the platter and popped it into her mouth .
she leaned closer for another grape , her vanilla perfume drifting over him .
he 'd added grapes to the plate and reached for the box of crackers on the counter as he followed her to the couch .
after getting a plate , she quartered a second apple , added a few sprigs of grapes .
she retrieved the knife , rinsed it and then focused on cutting bite - size pieces of bananas , grapes and cheese without severing a digit .
i said the new england growing season would be too short to get the proper types of grapes , but you insisted that there must be a vineyard there if the island was called martha 's vineyard .
there were also framed prints of italy and of grapes and olives .
she 'd found a recipe for a chicken casserole on the internet and served it with homemade dinner rolls and fresh asparagus , with a fresh fruit salad made of seedless grapes and strawberries .
` ` she 's a good friend of elizabeth manning 's , '' james said , feeding his wife a seedless grape .
i threw a grape at ashlyn to get her attention .
the grape bounced off the back of her head and she turned to me , confused .
she 'd never realized that trace had added a half - pound or so of the grape - flavored jelly beans each and every time he came to visit , secretly stirring them into the mix .
there were potages , tarts , bread , cheese , custard , mutton , venison , eel , figpeckers , pigeon pies , suckling pig , braised lettuces , gilded peacock , a festooned boar 's head , oysters steamed in almond milk , goose in a sauce of grapes and garlic , a whole roast sheep with sour cherry sauce , pastries with pine nuts and sugar , frumenty and spiced mulled wine .
he coaxed her into eating the whole thing , then followed with some grapes and a banana , taking a few bites for himself .
` ` aye , but will you crush my head like a grape between your thighs when you come ? ''
` ` and grape . ''
` ` put me down for two with grape jelly , me thinks . ''
` ` i want to change that field to grapes . ''
` ` and think about grapes .
` ` dad wants to plant grapes .
can you get the shed reports to hector and remind ed to get me that information on grapes ? ''
` ` i ' m the only one who could give him e. coli by feeding him grapes ! ''
his lips taste like grapes and hope , full and respectful , pressing against my own with a lush connection that makes me eager for more .
the taste of wine on his lips , how fire and grapes mixed in our kisses to make a kind of ambrosia i want to experience again .
she stood and took the drink and grapes from him .
he slid a hand behind her waist and brought a grape to her lips .
she plucked the grape from his hands and popped it into her mouth .
this time , the wineglasses contained ... ` ` grape juice .
i thought it was only fair you enjoy grapes in some form , since you have to bypass california 's amazing wines for a few more months . ''
` ` and speaking of the baby , i brought late - night snacks to go with the grape juice , if you 're hungry . ''
she shrugged and snagged a grape from the fruit bowl .
she snagged the gouda and frisian clove to go with the crackers and grapes on the counter .
she set aside the guitar and plucked free a handful of grapes .
she pressed a grape to his lips .
jayne grinned impishly before popping a grape in her mouth .
their server returned then with a massive wheel of baked brie surrounded by slices of apple and pear and a small bunch of grapes and accompanied by a big basket of baguettes and brioches .
` ` let me help you with this , '' lucas offered magnanimously as he plucked a grape from its stem .
even though she would n't have known good champagne from bad grape juice , she nodded her approval .
walking over to a draped table , rachel grinned at the overflowing bowl of fruit ; she picked up a bundle of grapes and ate a couple .