and i saw we 're running out of fanta grape , so on the way home , we should stop by ... '' i trailed off and stopped dead when i hit the living room / dining room area and saw ben in the corner of the living room , standing by a set of shelves that i had not yet packed .
but later , my old granny grapes came to me .
how many nights of worry and anguish she 'd slogged through in darkness - both literal and figurative - before granny grapes had taken her under her wing and helped her to understand that death was merely a transition to another part of life .
foolish purring kitten , as granny grapes would say .
` ` all my gratitude goes to granny grapes .
that was the way granny grapes told us . ''
her granny grapes had said that , more than once when maia expressed juvenile envy that her sisters seemed to have acquired the sight , but she had not .
` ` we grew up listening to stories from our granny grapes , who was part - gypsy .
maia wished suddenly that granny grapes was still here , so she could ask her about dreams and connections .
her great - granddaughter , my granny grapes , used to tell us stories about vampirs when we were younger . ''
there s an open audition for living grape .
there they saw a massive half mile set with the auditions for living grape being run at each of 300 locations - simultaneously .
are you the actress from living grape ?
who got nominated for oscars from living grape ?
how could anyone learn from this yelling grape ?
not even grapes man .
slowly the canoe moved up the sand until at last it was over the back tideline and among the rocks and turtle grass and low sea - grape bushes .
33 grape after the ostriches had been fed and all the fences repaired and in working order , alejo carried a wooden porch chair into the luxuriant grape arbor .
that had spooked him so bad he 'd strapped the can onto the back of his harley and raced up to the beach and into the sea grapes , only stopping to throw some palm fronds over the bike .
the bike responded throatily and chase rammed his way through the sea grapes until he was free , skidding onto the road sideways , tires screeching .
are there , the consciousness wants to know , going to be grapes ?
after that it was mostly grapes overhead and underfoot and all around .
his world was the caddie yard ; a twenty - five- by twenty - five - foot district of hard packed earth surrounded on three sides by a six - foot high weathered grape stake fence and gate .
' if you can make it next sunday , we 'll be in the grapes on mathew street at 7 o'clock .
surely it was a grape idea , a honey of a notion .
uh , moby grape did they bribe the lazy quadling and y teen love .
at the end of the lane , where a tangle of wild grape acted as sentinel , they would turn onto the crunch of the gravel road .
i knew from rashidis lecture aboard the shuttle to his rainforest tour that these were salt marshes , and the greenery obscuring the watery ground was more mangrove , yucca , and sea grape , mixed in with guinea grass .
she drags me inside to watch crazy stupid love , and sometime between eating greek salads , hummus , and stuffed grape leaves and discussing how awesome it would be to lick ice cream off ryan gosling 's abs , i get roped into helping tori dye her hair .
they brought imperial but they also brought king soopers bags that when i unpacked them i found had diet cola , diet grape , two percent milk ( hawk only had skim and , seriously , what was the point of skim ?
tucked into the light green grapes , was a neat sitting area with chairs and picnic tables .
how poetic i ca nt believe you re back to grapes five seconds after the best sex in my life .
please say grape !