krit ` ` i need something more than shitty beer , '' legend , our keyboard player , grumbled , sinking down into an overstuffed chair that belonged to green .
she was still talking to green .
he had to reassure sheffield that he was personally confirming that green was not hiding on the reservation .
things are a little better lately , the current crop of pols has at least some sense , but there are still something like a dozen ` ` injunctive suits '' pending in the county or federal courts , filed by people ( mostly the ` ` greens '' ) who want to shut us down .
do n't answer that question - read this instead : the death of composer / politician voss bender and the rise of the reds and greens , who debate his legacy with knives : a civil war in the streets , which the trader hoegbotton uses to solidify control of the city .
i ve been stalling on changes to my refinery at houma for nigh on four years now but if i can please the greens and environmentalists and at the same time get the right tax breaks for making the plant environmentally friendly , i m all for it .
` ` well , those that already call themselves progressives , along with socialists , welfare people , the newly legalized immigrants , the greens , environmentalists , climate change people , government unions , minorities , university faculty , naive students , and the big city political machines . ''
there are the environmentalists , greens , global warming and renewable energy crowd who want to completely shut down coal , oil , nuclear and natural gas energy production and run the country on windmills , solar panels , tides and wood chips .
the green party people are nice , and try to help , and then some burly guys come along , and the greens just clam up .
the greens and germany 's other major environmental and antiglobalization groups were joining the movement in a major show of force .
the 14th street legal clinic was funded by a charity and worked only with the homeless , according to green .
like most runaways , he d ended up with the new age traveller ; an unwilling hippie , forced by fate to hang around with a bunch of poncey lefties , liberals , greens and commies .
austin , they have never liked you progressives , greens , and free thinking artistic types .
they would face some stiff competition from not only the democrats , but from greens and libertarians .
three like that , '' she pointed in the direction green had left , ` ` and me . ''
that s the timber companies doing , but of course they use propaganda to say its the greens who are robbing them of their livelihood .
but the greens are planning a demonstration , are nt they ?