it had a rock - climbing wall and a putting green .
` ` give them a shot of the green or whatever ? ''
we 're nearly back to the green when calder suddenly flinches , turns , as if he 's spotted something startling out of the corner of his eye .
instantly he pushed a tall stack of greens into the centre .
the ball hit with an audible thump , rolling onto the par - three green .
as one , the rest started to the green with a clinking of clubs and masculine chatter , undoubtedly feeling pushed by the next team waiting just off the tee .
head coming up , he stepped onto the green and joined in the light banter between the other ceos .
it was only a par three - as in ` ` on the green in one drive . ''
it was n't much , but it would divert the ball 's path from the green .
my lips parted , and i blinked at the car - size crater ten feet off the green and in the fairway .
eerie and unreal , a muted howl rose up from behind the green .
the coach calls for a break just as the cheerleaders run onto the green .
i ' m never getting on the green again and dad knows it .
the golf greens alone are enough to make me retch .
warren 's father and dad are golf buddies who have not so secretly been working out the finer details of our prenuptials while they walk the green all day .
the loss of the green did n't concern me .
it landed and rolled close to the green .
luc , however , possessed the strength to simply hit his ball over any obstacles to the distant green , more often than not ending up mere inches from the flag that fluttered in the summer breeze .
` ` and the manicured greens with holes cut in them . ''
on wednesday night , he took her and the dogs to an outdoor concert on the green .
a young couple picnicked under one of the large oak trees while , across the green , a kid was playing catch with her golden retriever .
` ` the greens were gone when security got to their house .
after the baumgarters moved away , the greens bought it .
rylee had hooked up with some football player and they went rolling out onto the greens somewhere , leaving me alone with trevor .
imagine the rush of watching the ball sail through the air and land perfectly on the green !
the ball flew in a perfect trajectory and landed on the green a few inches from the hole .
you went completely off the green to a different fairway .
she peered at the screen while the ball launched toward the fairway , hooking a bit left , but sailing nicely to land for perfect setup to the green .
now you 're going to set up the shot to get onto the green . ''
the ball landed on the green a few inches from the hole .
very close to the green .
this time , the ball rolled in a drunken arc too far from the green and slid into the sand trap .
the club face was nicely square , and he watched his approach shot fall close to the green .
your form has really improved and you 're hitting the green .
` ` hell , i ' m getting it on the green and on the right course .
the second hole she upped the stakes , with a gorgeous powerful line drive that got it close to the green .
his brain ping - ponged between lust and golf , but he swore to win and managed to knock the ball right to the green .
her swing connected at the sweet spot , and put her right onto the green .
they both stared at the ball , lying on the green , and something heavy pulsed in the silence .
she laughed , the sound rolling over the green and in his ears like a sweet melody .
they were both on the green in two .
jake asked , steering the cart along the narrow path to a point close to the green .
he sat quietly for a moment , studying the situation on the green .
without a word , he turned from them and started down the green .
i can think of so many better things to do this morning besides whacking a ball around a green . ''
ainsley was laughing , her laughter sparkling across the green .
his riding coat stretched across his shoulders as cameron smacked the ball under his foot , the impact sending ainsley 's galloping across the green .
it was n't simply lust for the bedchamber that made her long for him - there was his smile , the warmth in his eyes , the way he worried over jasmine , the way he 'd helped lame mrs . yardley so very gently across the croquet green .
they charged from the yard and lit out for the fields , two streaks of horse on the green .
graham was about to respond when she turned and began to walk away , making her way up the green with surprising speed .
outside , she forced herself to hurry back across the green on wobbly legs .
they 'd gone together ever since they were little , year after year spent running through the green with a cupcake in one hand and a sparkler in the other .
` ` i bet you 'll be happy to get back to middle - of - everything , california , '' she said as they wove across the green .
candace as a young girl , wearing a frilly white dress with white gloves , searching for easter eggs on the greens of a golf course .
breathing hard and sweating , he hovered above the green .
` ` meet me on the green .
but right now , with too many drinks under my belt , too much testosterone pulsing through my veins , and the promise of a hot f**k on the eighteenth green with nikki at the forefront of my mind , i do the first thing i think of .
he reviewed the lie and then , with a smooth motion , swung his outstretched arms in a perfect arc , sending the ball along the carpet to the hole at the end of his imaginary green .
he was only too happy to go for me , providing i stayed sitting between aston and ryan on the green .
` ` yep , i did say we were going to go to the putting green too , did n't i , jon ?
i eased off on my hold over the green , letting it know i wanted it to go back through the ley line below tony 's house and down into the earth where it rested when i was n't calling it up and using it to do my bidding .
while i waited , i sent a message across the green to finn .
a voice came through the din of chase 's delirious singing and the hum of the green .
i sent him a small up - charge of the green and he nodded .
` ` he was hooked into the green .
i sent out a call to the green .
i let go of tony 's hand and reached out in desperation for a connection to the green .
i called out to the green .
if the lines were open , it was the fastest way to bethnal green .
i looked at his face , saw all that darkness and moodiness moving behind the green , and wrapped him in a tight hug .
he was thankful to see mr . peterson sitting alone at the table as he made his way across the deck patio overlooking the perfectly manicured greens of the golf course .
she double - checked his vitals , which were still in the green , then drew closer once more .
that was nice opening , especially for a green , but i guess after a barehanded golden i should not really be to surprised , amica said .
pavun thought that if he was lucky , the two greens would not know his name .
beneath the green was a transfer order for tre scott , neatly typed .
the dullard pointed its flipper at the greens and then at hashs arm .
it pointed again at the greens , at letta , and at hashs arm .
as she spoke , she carefully guided herself into the green .
something small and white wriggled across the green .
the force of the explosion had probably demolished a couple of those greens coming up the hall .
he turned and charged the three greens .
the two greens flanking the middle one turned their guns on blue .
he fell backwards , dropping to the floor and rolling , just as both greens let loose .
the bullets tore through the middle green , grinding him apart first , then piercing the two greens on either side .
finally , all three greens fell in a smoking heap .
they had about ten more seconds before those latest greens blew up .
a second later , the three greens self - destructed , all at once .
how many greens did howard have ?
they stepped back on to the main path , the next green was in use by training guards .
with that she rose to her feet and sidled away though the crowd , back towards the main green .
meledrin took kim by the arm in a firm but gentle grip and started to lead her away , back towards the main green and the major oak beyond .
however , this was impossible due to the greens .
there was a large army tent erected in the middle of the green and he could see through the entrance that it was full of trestle tables and a variety of chairs .
the tent on the green .
the howling of the wind picks up and , for a while , its the only sound that can be heard on the green .
the breeze caught the ball just right and it rolled onto the green , tumbling slowly to within a few feet of the hole .
' almost eighty greens . '
another foursome was on the putting green .
the needle marked chg still swung well over into the green .
the ready light winked on over the hatchway to the greens , indicating a foil approaching the docking well .
the greens was the director 's preserve below the preserve .
no one who had worked inside the greens had lived to leave the compound .
flattery smiled and indicated the greens to zentz with a generous sweep of his hand .
he had secured the upper bunker system and moved his most trusted personnel to the smaller office complex adjacent to the greens .
still , he double - latched the security hatch behind him when he returned to the greens .
his only escape now would be to dive out of the greens and wait .
that is , they were quiet except for a strange tidal pulse that pursued him from the greens into open water .
site b legends east wing west wing loading bay laboratoryassembly bayentrance outlyingmain core geo turbine convenience store worker village geo core gas station pool / tennis putting greens mgrs housejog pathgas lines security onesecurity twothermal lines river dockboathouse solar one swamp roadriver roadridge road mtn view road cliff road holding pens ` ` now we 're getting somewhere , '' malcolm said , scanning the listing .
she saw : site b legends east wing west wing loading bay laboratoryassembly bayentrance outlyingmain core geo turbine convenience store worker village geo core gas station pool / tennis putting greens mgrs housejog pathgas lines security onesecurity twothermal lines river dockboathouse solar one swamp roadriver roadridge road mtn view road cliff road holding pens she realized at once what it was : a screen shot from levine 's apartment .
` ` field greens .
he took another sphere , tossed it over his shoulder out onto the green , then sat down .
` ` they come to my little cottage at dawn , before i ' m proper awake , and drags me out onto the green .
closer at hand , the rolling park was broken by patches of close - cropped greens , feathered with numbered flags .
the moon had set while they crossed the greens , hurrying from one patch of palms to another .
on the tactical display , several white dots were already moving toward the green .
the men playing their game on the green ignored them as they passed .
he quickly pulls himself together and hits the ball straight toward the green .
the amenities included a tennis court , a basketball court , a heated swimming pool that could be indoor or outdoor , a three - hole golf course , and a putting green , plus the house .
we quickened our pace to return to the green , knowing we d have to move fast across the fairway .
we both saw the truck approaching on the golf course , leaving the golf cart bridge and moving towards the green .
from where we stood , we could see a carpet of alternate greens .
the howling of the wind picks up and for awhile its the only sound that can be heard on the green .
she asked , as he continued on past the green .
as chrissy and si approached the green , a game that did nt seem to follow any regular rules was in progress .
even though she was no longer holding hands with si , everyone was continuing to watch them as they approached the green .
emma was running across the green towards them , calling out chrissy 's name .
she wailed , nervously glancing about her at the games being played across the green .
seeing that they intended to join the queue after all , the angel turned off towards a group of boys who were on the point of moving away from the green .
' by , see you later , ' the girls trilled merrily as the two groups finally spilt up on the edge of the green .
emma was the next to say she was heading on home , miserably shaking her head when si suggested heading back along the edge of the green .
no one was being safely guided towards the green .
another armoured van turned into the road they d just crossed , slowing traversing down the edge of the green .
bewildered murmurs were beginning to rise up from the couples making their way across the green .
on the other side of the green , another couple yelled out thanks and praise as their son similarly rose up from the grass with a stunned , confused grin .
ah , i m not a ignoring my attempt to warn her that i was nt a fully trained officer , the girl urgently grabbed my arm , pulling me with her as she turned back onto the green .
brandishing a three wood , he turned to his playing partner , gregorio , who had just reached the green , a tall blond businessman with a dark green shirt and perpetually bad sunburn .
to one side of the driveway , golfers warmed up on a driving range , while the other afforded a view of the eighteenth green and fairway .
towards the 10th green , an obese man in a bright yellow shirt was chipping onto the green , just inside the shade of some adjacent pine trees and with a slightly larger playing group than normal .
towards the 10th green , an obese man in a bright yellow shirt was chipping onto the green , just inside the shade of some adjacent pine trees and with a slightly larger playing group than normal .
i piped up from the south part of the green .
he nodded towards two large goons standing beside his bag , just off the green .
even the greens have their little backroom deals going on .
harry was already walking up to the green , bag over his shoulder .
they drove down the middle of the fifth fairway and came to a stop at the top of the hill overlooking the green below them surrounded by bunkers , the pond off to the right .
yellow tape had been stretched around the immediate crime scene which appeared to be the bunker on the left protecting that side of the green .
he swerved right into bowling green lane , switched off his lights and siren , and spent a useful couple of minutes pottering about the back streets to make sure he was nt being followed , before making his way into clerkenwell green and the section 11 garage .
it squeezed between the manicured green of the golf course and the wild surf - washed shore until it passed between rarangi and a stony beach .
go for the green .
epilogue : september - october 2009 claudia reid stepped lightly across the village green and stopped outside john andrews gallery .
thirteen sam took his wedge , lined up his shot , and chipped the ball onto the green .
i thought for sure you had that , he said , stepping onto the green with his putter in hand .
he 'd reached the green in two strokes and was well positioned for birdie , his ball only four feet from the cup .
sam exchanged his wedge for his own putter and joined his half - brother on the 7th green of the river oaks country club .
you could even drive across the course itself in the dark , if you are feeling devilish , putting deep ruts in the greens .
i think we d better cross only on the green and make sure we do nt litter this is obviously no place to play fast and loose with the local fuzz .
he gazed out the second - story windows of a three million dollar home and had his pick of three tees and two greens .
he watched as the host placed a nice iron onto the green a few feet from the flag .
a round of good - natured comments was shared before they set off for the green .
back at greens ?
at greens .
the depressed faces of the greens told him what call he was talking about .
where are the greens ?
dubcovsky met us on the green .
unless they turned down between the tennis court and the bowling green , then they were going to come right here .
the climax was a small water hazard curving a c around the final putting green , a last obstacle for the players .
the shot went off well , landing in the first cut of rough on the left hand side , but within striking distance of the flag with only a bunker to worry about just shy of the green .
i do nt think the greens were aware of the russian angle .
hinky glanced at the green .
there was a string of greens for several blocks before chase slipped through a few yellows .
then , walking at first and then running , retraced his steps to the green .
in 1958 was forced to flee the states as the result of a famous duel against his opposite number for the detroit purple gang , a certain ramon ` ` the rod '' rodriguez , which took place by moonlight on the third green of the thunderbird golf course at las vegas .
goldfinger was practising on the putting green .
he knew also that the st marks practice green bore no resemblance , in speed or texture , to the greens on the course .
the tap of the balls on the practice green had ceased .
the first hole of the royal st marks is four hundred and fifty yards long - four hundred and fifty yards of undulating fairway with one central bunker to trap a mis - hit second shot and a chain of bunkers guarding three - quarters of the green to trap a well - hit one .
the ball flew true but just failed to make the slope and curled off to the right to finish pinhigh off the green in the short rough .
he was out , but barely on the green .
the ball pitched and disappeared down into the gully just short of the green .
he took his five iron and hit a good , careful shot which took a bad kick short of the green and ran down into the thick grass to the left .
bond walked up to his ball , took the wedge and flicked the ball on to the green with plenty of stop .
gold - finger walked off the green .
it would be on or near the green .
goldfinger 's routine drive was well hit but would probably not have enough steam to carry the last of the rough and trickle down into the saucer of the green .
you drive over one of the tallest and deepest bunkers in the united kingdom and then have a long second shot across an undulating hilly fairway to a plateau green guarded by a final slope which makes it easier to take three putts than two .
bond picked up his usual fifty yards on the drive and goldfinger hit two of his respectable shots to the gully below the green .
he addressed the ball , seeing in his mind 's eye its eighty - eight - millimetre trajectory through the valley and then the two or three bounces that would take it on to the green .
a narrow green , almost ringed with bunkers , it can need anything from an eight to a two iron according to the wind .
they walked in silence to the green .
he looked for hawker to take his putter , but hawker was the other side of the green , watching with intent concentration goldfinger play his shot .
at the seventh , five hundred yards , they both hit good drives and goldfinger 's immaculate second lay fifty yards short of the green .
not a good lie , but he must put it on the green .
hawker silently walked down into one of the bunkers guarding the ninth green , kicked a hole with his toe and dropped the ball in the hole .
bond remembered that philip scrutton , out in four under fours in the gold bowl , had taken a fourteen at this hole , seven of them ping - pong shots from one bunker to another , to and fro across the green .
it pitched and stopped dead in the soft sand blown on to the green from the right - hand bunker .
he hit his own putt fairly smartly to get it through the powdering of sand and was horrified to see it going like lightning across the skiddy green .
goldfinger said coldly , ' that putt ought to have run off the green . '
goldfinger hooked into a bunker on the left of the green .
he had a slightly downhill lie , otherwise an easy chip - but to the trickiest green on the course .
two smashing woods will just get you over the line of bunkers that lie right up against the green .
slam that ball on to the green .
the ball hit the bank below the green , bounced high with the impact and rolled out of sight into the saucer round the pin .
goldfinger picked up his ball and walked off the green .
it soared over a far shoulder of rough towards the green .
he said in a controlled voice , ' is my good friend in the bunker , or is the bastard on the green ? '
just punch it so that it 's got plenty of zip to get up the bank and on to the green .
goldfinger and his caddie were fifty yards away , walking slowly towards the green .
when you pick up the balls from the green , whichever way the hole has gone , give goldfinger this one .
hawker walked up on to the green .
goldfinger was standing by his ball on the right of the green .
you are thinking of how to place your drive , of whether to go for the green with the second or play to the apron , of the strength of the wind - of the vital figure four that must somehow be achieved to win or at least to halve .
goldfinger cautiously took out his spoon for the longish second over cross - bunkers to the narrow entrance to the green .
goldfinger straightened up again , walked deliberately across the green to behind the flag to verify his line .
on the seventeenth green .
anyway , ' he started walking off the green , ' many thanks for the match .
the couple won the competition after a hard fight in the final and philip masters was in the fashionable crowd round the eighteenth green to cheer them home .
of course i did my best , we all did in one way or another , but once it had happened , on that eighteenth green at the mid - ocean , there was really nothing to do but try and pick up the bits .
she straightened her legs and her knees disappeared under the green .
the ball would roll to an optimum position for a decent five - iron approach shot to the seventeenth green .
' you run across this reef as though it were a golf green ! '
i figured a presence required class a greens , not woodland - pattern bdus .
it was a good table , one with a sweeping view of the eighteenth green , a very prestigious spot to eat because one could watch the geezers wallow in the sand traps and miss their two - foot putts .
barb rolled her new eyes and looked at the eighteenth green .
matareisen yanked the body with its blood - drenched head out of the cart , jumped in , and drove to the edge of the green .
at a large table near the window , with the eighteenth green just below , they found george teaker , now in golf attire , having a drink with two black gentlemen , also nicely dressed and apparently not long off the links .
for two hours , as darkness fell across the eighteenth green and a piano player sang in the lounge , they drank and talked and planned the future .
these were bankers who had made their biggest deals on the fairwayscgentlemen of the green who glimpsed that the future of their industry belonged to callow men with bad haircuts and doctorates in electrical engineering , callow men who did not know a putter from a nine iron .
like a heroic drive off the tee that lands an inch short of the green .
one moment tiger woods was stalking the green , the next the screen was black .
we 'd left the study and lurch and the weeble behind and had made our way unsteadily into trevor stone 's rec room or gentleman 's parlor or whatever one called a room the size of a jet hangar with both a billiard and snooker table , cherrywood backing to the dart board , a poker table , and a small putting green in one corner .
we found puffy in the wilds of suburban boston as he made a dash across the soggy plains of the fourteenth green at belmont hills country club , his spiky tail wagging like mad as he lunged for the hint of sunlight he spied on the fairway of the fifteenth .
he saw her a moment later , gliding out across the greens .
spread out and down the long sloping green of woolsey 's well -tended lawn , a vast number of military - issue white canvas tents had sprouted , clearly visible under the almost ful moon .
alexia struggled to her feet in time to see their masked defender , clutching his bloody sword and dashing across the dirigible green in the opposite direction from the drones .
` ` but he 's had this beauty put through her paces around the green , and i assure you , that frenchwoman is a miracle worker .
we walked across the tee , down the fairway , and onto the green , avoiding the sand traps and bunkers just like golf balls .
alexander and i sat on the green of the third hole , which overlooked a small lake with a lit fountain .
at first we slow danced on the green to one of the morbidly sluggish tunes .
breathless , we plopped down on the green and looked up at the stars .
i more imagined him at a country club , sitting by a fire and sipping tea while pearl snuck outside to steal a golf cart and raced it across the course , doing donuts and tearing up the green , as ezra , jack , and i cheered her on from the eighteenth hole .
even the greens was good .
an hour later , aria and graham stood on the green of the ship 's mini - golf course .
for a second , when aria looked up , she swore she saw noel 's loping figure crossing the green .
you ca n't go before the green , but they will give you a handicap .
torrent , the librarian , then pushed his way out onto the green .
joel let out a deep breath as they walked out onto the green .
long metal feelers dangled in front of it , keeping it from wandering off the green and from clipping things it should n't .
as harding , joel , and fitch walked up the green toward the mansion , a couple of officers rushed over .
outside , joel crossed the green , heading toward the office .
joel yelled - the sound dying - and took off at a dash across the green .
joel heard about it from fitch as they crossed the green on their way toward the cathedral for joel 's inception .
once you 're on the greens , you 'll still have to get inside the house , and to kiran 's room , '' sebastian explained quietly .
emma pushed herself up and walked across the green .
ryan looks at the torn - up greens .
` ` use your imagination , '' avery says , walking to the base of the first green and putting down an invisible ball .
avery takes an exaggerated swing with a nonexistent club , then makes a production of watching the ball soar into the air and drop to the green .
morning crows and workmen on scaffolding called to one another over the campus as the boys walked across the school green together .
henry paused to shout across the green : ` ` chengtwo - if that coffee is n't for me , get me another !
from there it was an easy shot to the green .
it was not until then that she thought to go to the green and see how her husbands experiment continued .
the captain had raised his head to stare up at the tall pine that dominated the green .
nearer the green , he began to hear loud laughter and raucous cheering that revealed the entire crew of the lady grace had come to the movies , and chris smiled , knowing they were in for a treat .
approaching the green , he surprised himself by feeling excited , and began to ponder his strange emotions of earlier in the day .
hear tell there be a frightenin exhibition of dangerous beasties down the green .
the crowd watched lucas walk the length of the green , approach the stump , and simply shake his head .
their steady breathing was the only thing that could be heard as they gracefully streamed through the green .
nice thing about most of the courses round here is that they re open all year , said jonny as they walked off the 18th green , some of them and this one in particular , are just a riot of color in the spring as there are azaleas and rhodos all over the place .
sipping the water at the banister overlooking the eighteenth green , she saw a golf cart coming along the fairway toward the clubhouse with two people aboard .
one of my favorite golfers almost chipped in from the fringe beside the green .
my subconscious hit the first four greens in regulation , and drained all of the putts .
if you were nt looking , the ball would be on the green .
i lined up my shot and hit a nice high approach to the middle of the green .
after a hundred and forty yards of silence , we approached the green .
i watched her put the camera away and then make her way across the fairway towards the putting green .
on the putting green , when i pulled the pin from the cup and let it fall to the earth , it took an extraordinarily long time for the fiberglass rod to complete the arc and settle into its temporary resting place on the emerald surface .
sometimes , i would stop and listen to their conversations on the greens or tees , and when i did , it almost felt like i was part of the group .
we were standing on the putting green at the golf course , our arms around each others shoulders .
the heli - flyers ' mission was to neutralize that advantage and decimate the greens behind the great walls .
the sounds of the crickets became interrupted by songs of birds nesting amidst the trees of the serene greens .
visitors could only imagine what it was like to live day in and day out on greens with golf carts endlessly rolling by .
eyes on the green , he waited for the caddy to hand him a club .
sidestepping to keep all the boys in front her , she made her way past them , hoping to escape to the safety of the green .
as if controlled by her words , the breeze faded and smoke slowly reclaimed the green .
rejack risks a glance at the oncoming green .
twisting , he whips his tail toward the green as he passes , trying to knock him back .
auras head jerks toward the green .
she moves close to the green , draping one wing across kilitas back .
she reached out a long slim hand to help the knight out of his seat , and led him at a run towards the green , laughing as she went .
they listened for a time , but as the day grew warm their patience and interest waned and gradually the crowd dispersed about their long neglected chores until only four boys remained with the man on the green .
he let the pair secure brins final purchases away in his pack and then gave them enough time to be well out of the village before resuming his unwelcome presence on the green .
the boy shook his head in exasperation and stormed off the green .
the pair came through the gatehouse in the outer wall and trotted across the green .
where the patterns became pictures , they may have been scenes of life from hundreds of years ago , but they were still recognisable to carey as everyday life of today ; farmers ploughing fields , women herding geese , boys and girls playing on greens .
have you moved out of the pubs and clubs and onto the bowling greens ?
four weeks to the green , six in the hole .
the pair withdrew from the shadows in which they had been conversing and companionably joined the gathering on the green .
i ca nt help it , when i am out there , on that field and sameer turned his eyes to the greens , where the rest of the team was still practicing .
along with a jacuzzi and a small putting green , you could say it had everything .
there , in the center of a cluster of gaudily decorated putting greens , was a huge fake mountain with an artificial waterfall spouting from its top .
eddie and i reached the next green and stared in astonishment .
he finally broke through the screen of trees and found himself facing a rolling lawn that was as smooth as a putting green .
or at least on the green .
the oh god slumped onto the green .
she dived between two of the dogs and ran toward the distant green .
tiffany could actually see it coming up the road when she heard the hoofbeats across the green .
as ralph and lois passed derry mum 's third green and entered a tangle of scrawny trees and undergrowth , lois tugged at his sleeve .
he walked away towards the edge of the green .
that evening the men were practising archery on the green .
' that 's ned simnel , down by the green .
some practiced charges to the left , on the far side of the green , in the space between tent lines and the scraggly trees growing alongside the stream .
` ` you did as ordered , '' rand said , walking back toward the green .
she smiled as she walked out onto the green .
nynaeve strode across the green - which was n't very green at all - in a huff .
sure enough , she soon saw a larger aiel tent erected at the corner of the green .
she shook her head and trotted toward the aiel camp at the side of the green .
when it was done i went out , back to the green , in a daze .
but the best chance was for the greens .
` ` and get a message to lord brookhampton , telling him to summon the den and have them waiting for me on the green in twenty minutes .
several pistols were raised , and a volley of gunfire exploded across the green .
as they approached the edge of the field , hawksworth saw one of the players capture the burning ball , guiding it along the green with a long stick whose end appeared to be curved .
he spurred his mottled gray mount toward two tall posts stationed at one end of the green .
cheers went up from some of the players and spectators , and the horsemen all dashed for the edge of the green in chase of the ball , which rolled in among hawksworth 's entourage and out of play .
a practice putting green sat in front of the pro shop .
at the far west end of the course near the fourteenth green was the greenkeepers barn reached by its own service road .
it left her a shot to the green of perhaps fifteen yards with a sand bunker next to the green in the way and the hole not that far beyond that .
it left her a shot to the green of perhaps fifteen yards with a sand bunker next to the green in the way and the hole not that far beyond that .
take your putter , give it just a little more weight than you might be inclined , then roll your ball over the ground , through the sand and up onto the green .
as it left the sand it hopped a bit onto the grass collar , then hopped again as it left the collar and rolled onto the green .
franklin skulled yet another shot from the tee , his ball skipping over the green toward the hedge line .
as conor stood with annie at her ball discussing her chip shot , franklin stalked by and removed a club from his bag and continued over the green to look for his ball .
as conor walked past the balls to take out the flagstick , he stopped and addressed franklin just walking onto the green , mr . burke , i m afraid i have some bad news for you .
i m afraid the ball here on the green is a dunlop .
annie chirped as burke glared at her , then once again at the caddie , then turned and quickly stalked off the green .
he stood with the bags just off the green waiting for his fee to be paid .
they 'd only played seventeen holes because the grounds crew had been busy working around the fourteenth green .
annie was perhaps one hundred forty yards from the green but a tree about thirty yards ahead of her blocked her path .
with that he twisted the shaft slightly to his right so that the clubhead faced a little left in the direction of the green .
it landed just short of the green , took two bounces , then rolled to the middle of the putting surface .
he carried them to the practice green where robert was putting .
conor stopped at the edge of the putting green , took the bags from his shoulders and stood them up in front of him .
robert picked his balls up from the green and walked over to conor .
the ball barely got off the turf before quickly beginning to roll toward the green .
* * * conor was waiting at the putting green holding their bags up on either side of him when meg and annie walked down the path from the clubhouse .
when the round concluded conor stood with the bags at the side of the eighteenth green as meg and annie laughed and walked off the green toward him arm in arm .
when the round concluded conor stood with the bags at the side of the eighteenth green as meg and annie laughed and walked off the green toward him arm in arm .
then he would walk the perimeter of the grounds to reach the fourteenth green .
she would drive down to the end , park by the barn and then cut through the hedge to the fourteenth green .
he could n't get to the fourteenth green fast enough .
her heart was pounding as she got out of the car and walked to a gap in the hedge behind the green .
he emerged over the brow of a hill to the left of the green carrying his bag over his shoulder and another bag in his hand .
he started to gallop sideways down the steep slope toward the green .
the balls will be easier to pick up after we get them all on the green . ''
it landed just on the green and then rolled to five feet from the hole .
she made her swing and watched the ball arc into the air and land softly on the green and finish just a few feet short of conor 's grouping .
conor picked up his clubs and shag bag and they walked together up onto the green .
he gave up and walked straight to the fourteenth green and cut through the hedge .
she was standing with her bag by the side of the green .
* * * the round started much like any other with annie hitting her shots and conor helping her select her clubs , lining her up and helping her to read the greens .
by the time they reached the fourteenth hole the shadow of the eucalyptus trees and the hedge behind it blanketed the green .
* * * annie walked through the gap in the hedge and saw him hitting pitch shots to the green .
holding it behind her back she walked across the green as conor stopped and watched her approach , a sly smile playing on her face .
he picked up his wedge and put his bag on his shoulder and the two of them walked onto the green where he retrieved the balls he d hit , flipping them into the shag bag with his wedge .
she pulled his bag onto the green and lay down using the bag as a pillow .
standing on the tee at fourteen , conor stared at the hedge behind the green .
he went on to make his worst swing of the day , pulling the ball well left of the green .
billy gave him a quizzical look as they walked off the tee and down the hill to the green .
the green was perhaps a hundred and sixty yards away , uphill , with a light following wind .
then he surveyed the crowd behind the green .
it had grown to almost two hundred people around the back of the green and up on the clubhouse veranda .
it fell from the sky , landed on the green and bounced to within a foot of the hole .
he began the march up the hill to the green all the while searching the crowd at the top for his annie .
as the four players and their caddies stood on the fourteenth tee looking down at the par three annie was looking up at them hidden in the hedge behind the green .
he thought about the times they had spent on this green while he practiced .
billy was first to play and sent his iron shot safely onto the green .
she crept slowly down along the line of the hedge to get a better view of his next shot as parker and skipper played their approaches , both coming up just short of the green .
annie watched as he twisted his feet into the sand and then made a long steep swing sending a shower of sand out before him and onto the green .
she saw the ball come out just behind the main spray of sand and alight on the green .
as he walked onto the green to retrieve his ball from the hole billy came up to him and slapped him on the back .
conor smiled and stepped off to the side of the green with billy as parker and skipper hit their chips .
he intended to hit a small draw around the dogleg left to leave a shorter shot into the green and a safe par .
it landed just short of the green and bounced forward onto the fringe .
his shot climbed up into the sky in another high draw that started to the right of the green then began curving left .
the ball came down a foot beyond the bunker guarding the right side of the green , hopped backwards into the sand and rolled to the bottom of the bunker .
he discussed the shot with pissquick who advised him to try to hit a low running shot up the hill and onto the front of the green .
he opted for a high hard left to right fade trying to carry it all the way to the hole cut toward the back right of the green .
the shot had the distance but it faded too much , missed the green to the right and bounded down the slope to the bottom of the swale .
it came out low and hot landing short then skipping over the front of the green and rolling across it and up onto the slope behind the green .
conor handed his club to stovepipe and then began marching up the hill to the green .
as the four players approached the green the large gallery that had waited for them around the green and up on the clubhouse veranda gave them all a round of applause .
as the four players approached the green the large gallery that had waited for them around the green and up on the clubhouse veranda gave them all a round of applause .
he shifted his feet into the sand and hit his shot onto the green .
as the crowd moved forward to encircle the green , annie worked her way forward to a position just behind the front row of spectators .
but he misjudged the loft and the ball screamed low just over the brow of the slope and into the gallery on the other side of the green .
it hopped once then started to roll slowly down the incline of the green .
the ball hugged the green in a tight roll .
she pushed past the spectators in front of her and took three steps onto the green toward conor and then stopped cold .
little mary had burst from a cluster of kitchen and wait staff that had been watching behind the green .
she ran out onto the green in her long black skirt and white blouse uniform and leapt into conor 's arms planting a huge kiss on his lips .
her heart sinking she saw conor put his arm around mary 's waist and begin to lead her off the green .
just then a group of caddies led by gino charged onto the green and lifted conor to their shoulders and paraded him around the green to more cheers and shouts from the crowd .
he walked back around the clubhouse and looked out over the eighteenth green and the course beyond .
he wished it had been annie that had run out onto the green and leapt into his arms .
he also had bogey house razed and replaced with a dormitory for the migrants on the greens crew .
she too ran out onto the green and embraced her ryan and kissed him passionately on the lips for all the world to see .
as he walked off the eighteenth green he noticed he had n't lost his breath once during the round .
he gave them their putters and drivers at the twelfth green and walked ahead to forecaddie for them on thirteen , then walked ahead to the green to watch their incoming shots .
he gave them their putters and drivers at the twelfth green and walked ahead to forecaddie for them on thirteen , then walked ahead to the green to watch their incoming shots .
her tee shot found the green and he looked on as she walked around it while blanche played a pitch shot and then a chip shot to the putting surface .
put up some rooms for the help on the greens crew . ''
he walked in the direction that the mg had gone until he reached a field about a mile from the green .
messier agreed to give me the time , and the conversation turned to leisure matters the quality of the golf course ( i was assured faculty got discounted greens fees and first choice of tee times ) , a university sailing club that filled the bay with sails most evenings , and a new prairie restoration project they were creating on the south edge of campus .
they were drawing stares from many of the other women gossiping on the green .
it was only chest deep but the bottom was so sharp with coral that he half swam and half walked toward the green .
leaning forward , she discreetly asked mr . sparling to take the coach a second time around the green .
the four jenney ladies waved and watched as the handsome coach rolled away from the green and disappeared down the winding river road .
besides cricket , there were polo matches at the sporting green , horse races at the tracks , and water sports at the regatta club .
well , the greens may not know we ve arrived ; were two days ahead of schedule .
drives a tow truck for greens towing .
elton gave her a glass of water from a picnic table where some of the other residents had been dining out on the green when she began coughing .
michael rolled over on his right side , slept , and dreamed that he and his nine - year old son were playing miniature golf on an endless series of small astro - turfed greens where windmills turned and tiny water - hazards lay in wait ... and he dreamed that they were alone , all alone in the world , because his son 's mother had died in childbirth - very sad ; people still remarked on how inconsolable michael had been - but when they went home , he and his son , the house would be theirs alone , they would eat spaghetti right from the pot like a couple of bachelor slobs , and when the dishes were washed they would sit at a kitchen table hidden beneath spread newspapers and build model cars with harmless plastic engines .
it would n't be golfing in maine or boating on lake tahoe , that was for sure ; scholarship or no scholarship , ned was going to need all of the old folding green he could get .
further up she could see bright red splashes on the green .
it was right behind the px , where you used to be able to get a pack of lucky strike greens for seven cents .
the trapdoor to the clubhouse stood open , an improbable square of blackness in the green .
out back there was a sunken barbecue pit almost big enough to broil an uncut dinosaur , and a putting green .
beyond the wide front porch , which ran the length of the hotel , a beautifully manicured lawn ( there was a putting green on the right ) sloped away to a long , rectangular swimming pool .
beyond them , the putting green and the hotel itself .
by the putting green the dog was sitting up , as if begging for a scrap .
to their left were posthole diggers , round - bladed shovels made for doing surgery on the putting green , a chain saw , the electric hedge - clippers , and a long thin steel pole with a red flag at the top .
far down the lawn , past the putting green , were a number of vague , snow - cowled humps .
one night in august of 1974 , near dusk , a man who had won the bronze and silver stars in korea ( that man now sat on the boards of three major corporations and was said to have personally pink - slipped a famous tv news anchorman ) unaccountably went into a fit of screaming hysterics on the putting green .
a lane of faded blue sky showed above the green .
they had decided to meet at a quaint little teahouse overlooking the bowling greens of a small village just outside burton .
there was the garage , empty now , owen and mickey having driven off in the yellow triumph tr7 , and built on to it a space twice as wide and as deep again , stretching into the adjacent field and forming part of a sand - trap at the back of the ninth green .
so was the opinion of bugs harrington , for in mere moments , one man would breathe his last among the aromatic breezes of the greens .
while cuddy practiced on the putting green , mary arrived and parked .
he drove the ball hundreds of yards down the fairway to lie perfectly near the green .
on the final green she hid behind a small bush and glassed the fairway with a pair of travelers binoculars .
they should be finishing up on the second green about now . ''
we sprinted around the eighteenth green with karim shouting at us to stop before he joined in the footrace , keeping to the row of shrubs on the left as a foursome prepared to hit their approach shots .
we reached the green just as the exiting group finished putting out and , amid their handshakes and backslapping with one another , a most curious sight rose from the lip of the far bunker .
` ` chin up , '' a voice called from the green , ` ` today i broke ninety for the first time . ''
there were no seats on the main green .
roger stuck the green and made par to take three skins and six dollars .
ceremoniously you place your beloved 6 - iron gently back in your bag , throw your clubs over your shoulder and strut like george jefferson all the way to the green .
i could see her with a group of children , further away on the undulating green .
its a relatively simple shot and i hit it wellit is a bit of a blind shot though but i know it is headed toward the green .
i took the remaining prescribed sleeping pills , then wandered over to a secluded spot by the local golf course , where i sat in a pathetic repose , watching the golfers getting irritated , putting on the fourth green .
i was golfing two weeks ago , and had about a sixty yard wedge shot into the fourth green .
he grabbed seans arm , moved away to a corner of the green , and whispered .
from behind the black curtain , the band sauntered on to the middle of the bowling green and acknowledged the sporadic applause from the crowd , which had somehow doubled in size within seconds .
mitch then stared restlessly at the flooded bowling green , where the black curtains were swinging from the top of a light pole , and the drums trundled across the lawn .
the bowling green was too close to the nesting area of the lesser rainbow - speckled gully warbler .
first she cleared the mess away that juliet had caused , and then she set about pruning the miniature roses on their trestle opposite the green .
a point which elvis got with the immediacy of the lightning bolt that struck a golf foursome on the 7th green at tucson 's valle dos ricos country club golf course and forthwith opened up three and possibly four memberships to hopeful valle dos ricos country club applicants .
finally making it to the practice green , they dropped their balls and started shooting at random for the various holes .
everyone by now had run onto the grass to escape getting soaked if not burned and i was not the only one with unsuitable footwear on the green after all .
still stretched out , he crashed onto the green , doubled up , rolled over three times , and lay still .
driving home the next day i realised i did nt feel any more guilty about what had happened than i did about the simple pecks on the cheek we d exchanged on the eighteenth green .
he threaded dangerously between ash and oak , beech and alder , crunched through picnics and sent flying bottles of warm lemonade , coke and cider , throats erupting in his wake , spittle and foam casting surf on the humid air , suspended for hours like toy clouds or wool snagged on fishing lines , the thunder of voices slow to materialize , fast to decompose as he broke from the storm his passage stirred and sped over the bowling green , nearly tripping .
as he watches kinetic chickadees work the perches on a feeder , it reminds him of the waiters at tavern on the green .
immediately , she saw dianes hard face above the greens .
he s right then , remington said , failing to sink the green .
i strapped in the bag and changed my shoes , the idea of exercise began to make my alcoholic body nauseous as we bumped and hummed our way to the first green .
he approached the ball with his wedge hanging off his arm , 30 feet from the green .
i was pissed and feeling strong , the sweat had washed my body and i wanted to cut the dog leg , leave myself with a chip shot for the green .
from the raised teeing ground he looked out beyond the green below and back down the line of the first fairway .
his playing partners stood aside as he strode onto the tee and looked down at the familiar green nestled at the base of the hill .
it was only thirty paces away but with his head swimming he shrugged and turned back to the green .
joked another as the ball tracked towards the heart of the green .
for a moment the ball seemed to stick firm as if imbedded in its own pitch mark but then it started to move and trickle down to the right half of the green .
a strategically placed crescent bunker guarded the approach from long hitters who might be tempted to try and take on the green in two .
by the time he had moved off the last step his head was lower than the green .
the incoming earl was always dead against golf and before his fathers body was even cold he started to rip up the greens and fairways .
the greenkeepers were out in force ; manicuring perfect lines down the fairways and swishing dew from the greens like expert fly fishers .
the challenge is simple , went on the club secretary , to drive off from the sixteenth tee and to strike the ball as permitted by the rules of golf before eventually holing out on the third green .
skirting around the perimeter of this dank brooding woodland , a path linked the eighteenth tee to the seventeenth green .
but take a look at this , said lamplighter , beckoning his friend down to the course map as he placed the end of the ruler on the island green of the sixteenth and then lined its straight edge right down the centre of the seventeenth fairway .
if you can hit the centre of the green , according to this you ll have a clear line of sight right down the throat of the seventeenth .
you could probably get away with anywhere on the front half , but start going beyond that , towards the back part of the green , and you ll start to lose the angle down the next fairway .
accompanied by the sound of distant birds upon the lake the ball fell towards the island and landed with a soft thud on the front portion of the green .
one , shouted bill , notching up a mark on his scorecard as they all set off round the lake to the sixteenth green .
however the second half climbed steeply up to a raised green .
between the seventeenth green and the eighteen tee , was the inspiring memorial to the fifth earl .
just go straight for the green ?
once we get to the green we can then try and gauge which way around the house looks the easiest option .
try and favour the right hand side of the green .
shouted the viscount as his ball continued to turn , like a heat seeking missile , towards the coven of three deadly pot bunkers to the left of the green .
every single wedge into the frozen greens bounce back into the air like a bouncy ball before skittling across the green as if you were trying to chip across a tiled floor .
every single wedge into the frozen greens bounce back into the air like a bouncy ball before skittling across the green as if you were trying to chip across a tiled floor .
i cast my mind back to the club championship , a perfect little lay up shot that left me a gentle 110 yard wedge over the water protecting the 18th green only to walk up to my ball and find it sitting half an inch below the surface in a beautifully hewn divot that had clearly only just seen daylight for the first time .
finally , with their bodies alert , warm and supple they progress to the putting green to sharpen their focus .
some birds where having a chat above his head somewhere , but no hippies or artists congregated on the green to distract him .
it seemed i had been forgiven my ducks and seagulls comment of a few weeks before , and the slowly expanding group was in discussion about the duplicity of the government in its anti - pollution laws , while still allowing golf courses to pour massive amounts of fertiliser onto fairways and greens , with the subsequent run - offs polluting rivers and promoting algae growth .
no , you re late , but that s alllllllright my man since you said you gots the green , a squeal of voice said .
he went to what would otherwise have been an easy mid - pitch to the green .
he neared the green .
nicolas went with his pack the short way to where his ball lay lifeless near the green .
the ball landed on the green and he felt happy .
17 the surface of the green did not have the pleasurable pool table look he was used to .
he next went to the back of the green .
he removed the club that usually attends to any difficulty atop a green .
he laid the flagstick down onto the green , though well away from his line .
he wanted to get the proper line and speed of the green .
numerous looks at the hole , then over the green , then back at the ball , would soon set all in motion .
the 64 green was rarely overshadowed by anyone , let alone a man his size that surprised him with a sucker punch .
for the aubreys , though also living outside of the town , were in a quite different part of the countryside ; an area of moderate to large houses , golf greens , and ornamental lakes southneys answer to the stockbroker belt .
then he took her to see the olympic - sized swimming pool where , he told her , he did laps daily , to the tennis court where he played singles with a teaching professional twice a week , to the putting green that he largely ignored , and to the horse barn to see his new colts .
the eighteenth hole was a 540 yard , par five to an island green .
jacks layup was perfect , leaving his partner a simple wedge to the green .
he made perfect contact and was in complete balance as he held his follow through and watched as the ball floated down softly on the front of the green , bounce once and stopped six feet from the flag .
it was buzz , who was standing near his drive , which was at least 50 yards closer to the green .
he was lucky it was short of the sand trap , about 10 yards short of the green .
the 2nd hole is tough ; a 430 - yard dogleg right to a well - bunkered green .
a perfect lay - up still leaves almost 210 yards to the green .
buzz would have a 200 - yard shot out of a bunker rather than a short iron into the green .
a straight drive would leave a longer , but manageable 2nd shot into the green .
he was deep in the bunker and six feet below the lip , about 190 yards to the front of the green .
he would need a 4 or 5 - iron to reach the green , but the low trajectory of a long iron might not clear the top of the bunker .
buzz gambled and tried to reach the green with a 4 - iron ; a low risk shot that you would only attempt in match play .
the 4 - iron barely grazed the top of the bunker and veered off into the wetlands , about 150 yards from the green .
he wanted no part of the trap and aimed his 5 - iron for the left side of the green .
a tee shot between 180 220 yards would leave a short iron into a small green .
he tried to cut the corner in his last practice round and caught a tree , and was forced to pitch out to get a view of the green .
today he overcompensated and barely caught the right side of the fairway leaving a 175 yard second shot into the green .
daves 4 - iron barely made the front of the green .
before bradford could concede the putt , buzz walked up and swatted it across the green towards his golf bag .
the par 3 , 4th hole is 185 yards and almost all carry over water fronting the green .
it was the crisp sound of a well - struck ball , and it was no surprise to see the ball feather softly onto the green , stopping 12 feet short of the flag .
that was more than enough protection for bradford , but buzz was going to try and fly the trees and reach the green .
it was only a 290 - yard carry to the green .
buzz drive easily cleared the pine trees on the right and headed towards the green .
he would have only 235 to the green .
he caught the shot flush and flew the green by five yards and rolled down into a collection area ; a testimony to the theory that you hit the ball farther with a smooth swing and good timing .
a large sand trap protected the right front of a small green that sloped front to back .
unless he caught a great lie , it would be difficult to hit the green from that angle .
daves drive split the fairway leaving him a 2nd shot of about 180 yards to the center of the green .
he hit his four - iron a little thin , but got lucky when it rolled past the sand trap to the center of the green .
hitting the ball thin had been an accident , but worked out well because he had played safe and aimed at the left side of the green just in case .
buzz had only 150 yards to clear the bunker and 165 to the middle of the green , but it would be hard to stop the ball out of the rough .
buzz was at the bottom of the hill 30 yards behind the green .
the par 3 eighth hole was 210 yards from an elevated tee , down to a large 2 - tiered green protected by bunkers on either side .
the green was fast with severe undulations .
a small creek ran along the entire right side of the fairway until it turns left in front of the green , creating a small lake that protects the green on three sides .
a small creek ran along the entire right side of the fairway until it turns left in front of the green , creating a small lake that protects the green on three sides .
buzz could reach the green with two big shots and he decided to go with driver .
it would be easy to hit the ball fat , and with water in front of the green , going for the green would be a risky play .
it would be easy to hit the ball fat , and with water in front of the green , going for the green would be a risky play .
dave hit a nice drive down the left side leaving him a good angle into the green .
his pitching wedge came up just short of the green .
daves second shot was almost as bad , topping a 3 - wood , and leaving 190 yards to the green .
buzz was only 220 to a back pin and hit 3 - wood to the center of the green .
the result was better , but he still ended up 20 yards short of the green .
daves pitching wedge almost hit the flag but rolled through the green to the back - fringe .
bunkers on both sides , and an environmental area in back , protect the small , 1500 green .
bradford chose 8 - iron and hit to the center of the green .
fairways were in beautiful shape although the greens were still rough because they had been punched the previous week .
the safe play is to lay up in front of a large cross bunker about 230 yards out , leaving you a short iron into a sloping green .
buzz had driven this bunker many times , catching the down slope and reaching the green .
today , buzz drive easily cleared the bunker and stopped 20 yards short of the green .
after dave hit a 7 - iron to 30 feet , buzz sculled his chip and it rolled all the way to the back of the green .
dave would need two big shots to reach the green .
dave swung easily and hit a good drive down the right side of the fairway and had an outside chance to reach the green .
bradford tried to hit the ball first , but caught it fat and his five - wood came up at least 75 yards short of the green .
daves second shot was nt great , but left him 10 feet from the green with a fairly easy pitch to a middle pin .
he actually hit a pretty good shot and advanced the ball to the 100 - yard marker , but his third shot found a pot bunker to the right of the green .
buzz swiped at the offending ball with his wedge knocking it into a small pond 30 yards behind the green .
a large bunker , hour - glass green protected the front of the elevated green .
a large bunker , hour - glass green protected the front of the elevated green .
he missed the green with his third shot and was lucky to save bogey by sinking a nine footer that curled in at the last moment .
dave chipped in on 17 for birdie and was 1 - up heading to the 18th , a par 5 with water protecting the front of the green .
he decided to go for the green with a 3 - wood and almost succeeded .
buzz was on his sixth beer when he hit 5 - wood from 215 yards , over water , to the back of the green .
book two the long week saturday tragedy in cabo bradford was in a great mood as he walked off the green .
tees were back , greens were cut tight and the flags would be hard to get at .
the back tees would give buzz an advantage , but fast greens and difficult pin placements would reward good course management and patience .
bradford decided to punch a low 7 - iron and run it onto the green .
it was better to be short of the hole than try to chip downhill from behind the green .
the ball hit 20 feet short into the bank , and rolled only a few feet leaving it 15 feet short of the green .
they must have watered the aprons in front of the greens this morning .
buzz had seen daves ball stop quickly and knew that he needed to carry his ball to the green .
today he just put his club back in the bag and walked to the green .
the pin was only eight feet from the front of the green .
this was nt a british open where the fairways are almost as fast as some greens .
he decided to use 7 - iron and chip the ball into the front bank and bounce it onto the green .
they were both a long way from the green , but in excellent shape .
it might be too much club , but the pin was in the middle and there was no trouble behind the green .
he made good contact and the ball landed 20 feet to the right of the pin and rolled to the back of the green .
buzz was only 165 from the green and chose 7 - iron .
bradford chipped with a 7 - iron from just off the back of the green and ended up pin high , two feet right of the pin .
anything short of 220 left you no shot at the green .
there was plenty of room to the right , although the rough had grown to about two inches making it difficult to reach the green if your ball landed in it .
buzz did nt have the same problem ; a 3 - wood was all he needed to give him a short iron to this green .
maybe tiger could reach the green by hooking a shot around the corner of the dogleg , but he was nt tiger woods .
his only option was to chip the ball forward 30 yards to get a look at the green .
buzz also had a problem ; the lie was horrible and it would take all of his strength to reach the green .
his shot was a little right and rolled to the back of the green .
buzz birdie attempt from the back of the green was a good one , but missed narrowly on the right and rolled two feet past .
chapter 5 par 4 - 395 yards manufactured evidence buzz drive last week had cleared the trees and bunkers , rolling to within 20 yards of the green .
his drive carried the bunker and jumped off the down slope towards the green .
normally this would be a 7 - iron , but with the wind at his back , he opted to hit a high 8 - iron and let the wind carry the ball to the green .
he was shocked when the ball landed pin high , took one giant bounce and rolled off the back of the green .
the wind was gusting and the greens were getting firm .
he would be going for the green in two with an iron .
bradford had only a 50 - 50 chance to reach the green , and decided to give it a go .
going for the green was no longer an option .
he only had 220 yards to the green with a back pin placement .
trees protected the left side of the green which was perfect for buzz long draw .
he hit a low 4 - iron that landed 25 yards in front of the green and rolled to within 30 feet of the pin .
he chose 9 - iron which hit the front of the green and stopped quickly , leaving him a 25 - foot uphill putt for birdie .
if he made it , he would only have a short wedge into the green .
buzz was still looking for his ball in the heavy rough while bradford hit 5 - iron to the front of the green , leaving him a 25 - foot birdie putt .
he was only 40 yards from the green , but could nt get a club on the ball .
chapter 8 par 3 - 210 yards the chairman of the board the par 3 eighth is a beautiful 210 - yard hole to a small green surrounded by hazards .
his ball hit the front of the green , but was a long way from the cup .
he knew buzz could reach this green in two and he would need a birdie to halve the hole bradford took a long , slow backswing and concentrated on pivoting over his left leg to create torque and power .
with a decent lie , he would still be able to reach the green in three .
he was in perfect position to go at the green in two .
a perfect shot would still leave him 150 yards from the green so dave decided to take his medicine and punched out with an 8 - iron , leaving him an 175 yards .
the ball caught the wood pilings protecting the green and fell back into the water .
he hit a low duck - hook into the bushes , just left of the womens tee box , 90 yards from the tee and 320 yards from the green .
today he hit a perfect drive down the left center of the fairway , leaving him only 145 yards to the green .
he took a drop and was laying two over 300 yards to the green .
his only choice was to lay up in front of the lake that protected the front of the green .
both players had about 250 yards to the green , which meant daves drive had gone over 280 yards .
he figured a high 5 - wood might have a chance of reaching the green .
the ball landed on the front of the green and ran all the way back to the pin , leaving him a four - foot birdie putt .
the pin was tucked into the front of the green , just over the water and only eight feet from the greenside bunker .
he selected 8 - iron and aimed for the center of the green .
chapter 13 par 4 350 yards redemption buzz could drive this green today with the wind behind them .
he had easily cleared the bunker last saturday and came up only 20 yards short of the green .
it easily cleared the fairway bunkers and rolled to the front edge of the green .
he still had 220 yards to the green .
he had only 190 yards to the green and hit 5 - iron to the front edge , leaving him 25 - feet for birdie .
daves pitching wedge got caught up in the wind and barely caught the right edge of the green .
the two former friends walked side by side to the green .
daves 7 - wood floated and stopped on the fringe in front of the green .
the dea agent assigned to watch dave came over to him as the players walked to the green .
he came within 10 feet of hitting a perfect shot , but caught the slope and rolled down to a collecting area 20 yards left of the green .
he did nt have a lot of green to work with and probably would need to hit lob wedge to get the ball to stop quickly .
the only other option was to bump a 7 - iron into the side of the hill and let it release onto the green .
it was important to get past the corner of the dogleg to get a view of the green .
bradford hit the center of the fairway and was in good shape , only 170 yards to the green .
buzz was up against bushes that restricted his backswing and had no shot to the green .
buzz had no chance to reach the green and hit 6 - iron 50 yards short of the green .
buzz had no chance to reach the green and hit 6 - iron 50 yards short of the green .
dave had 175 yards to the green and chose 5 - iron .
there was trouble behind the green and he was taking no chances .
bradford spotted chris approaching in a golf cart as he walked off the green .
there was water on three sides and trouble behind the green .
there was no chance that bradford could reach the green in two , even without the injury to his arm .
depending upon the lie , he might have an opportunity to go for the green .
he struck it well and left himself only 80 yards to the center of the green .
the pin was only 10 yards over the creek that cut in front of the green .
he could hear the gallery on the 17th green and knew it would nt be long .
the fairway was open so he dropped a ball and hit seven iron to the vacant green .
nobody noticed that the man walked past the green and to the parking lot , leaving his ball on the green , ten feet from the hole .
at 180 pounds ken was nt a long hitter , but he prided himself on hitting fairways and greens .
jack has the length to reach most par 5s and ken is money around the greens .
carlos and fritz took a two - bedroom suite overlooking the ninth green of the arnold palmer golf course , about 500 yards and $ 300 per night away from the motel - like dormitory rooms where pete and the other players stayed .
i managed to shoot 78 from the back tees and can only imagine what i would have shot if the rough was up and the greens were cut to the speed played by the pros .
you ca nt imagine the difference that makes , not only in putting , but in trying to hold the greens on your approach shots , he pointed out .
they move the tees way back , adding another 450 yards , and short hitters are forced to hit three - woods into greens designed to hold a seven or eight iron .
would nt want to be sloshed on the green .
she probably intended to hurl it like a football to the other side of the green near the garden shed , but it wound up just a few feet away , froze on its side for a few seconds and then plummeted right side up , most of the stuff still inside .
the crowded beach was ablaze with colorful fashions scattered against a white background ; golfers invaded the greens , sending balls in every direction from one end of the dunes gulf course to the other ; and smoke from barbeques permeated the air while families and friends gorged themselves on grilled cuisine .
groundsmen were already out tidying and the green keeper at the bowling greens was preparing for a hard days action .
beside the bowling green was a large timber shelter and tobin could vividly remember tobogganing down the bank between it and the adjacent tree during schoolboy winters .
a few golfers played on the emerald greens mowed in crisscross patterns , and couples strolled hand in hand on the walking trails .
exiting through the first outdoor opening , i began a mindless fast walk to the green .
the hysteria , the blaring lights all over the green .
golf greens wound through the homes creating lush green landscapes wherever one looked .
the ladies were cleaning the greens when the men arrived with a good sized bighorn sheep .
she looked over toward the green .
the osteen bridge arched out of the green ahead , flanked by two clapboard structures of weathered cypress .
i knew they had wild flocks of turkeys that roamed the greens i d seen them many times while driving past the course .
he breathed in heavily and walked proudly to the rolling greens of the campus .
one of the last things we did as the moving van with our possessions took off for the bowers , was to gaze longingly at the neatly mowed fairways and greens , knowing we were leaving a most enjoyable part of our lives .
the four of us reached the green , and ted , whose ball was farther from the hole than any of the others , stroked his ball off the putting surface .
i had watched him flailing his way toward the green and counted at least eight strokes before he started putting .
instead of mounting , the boy dug into the saddlebag , pulled out the lacquer box , released the horse , and ran from me across the green .
i fell into a bunker on the twelfth green . ''
the johnsons had a beautiful spacious spanish style house overlooking the ninth green .
at the far edge of the field , a tiny curl of smoke rose against the green .
apparently , he soaked in the club 's mineral pool before hitting the green for eighteen holes .
` ` right , on the green of sixteen , i 'll drill my favorite hole . ''
` ` never ask me to do this again , '' will growled as he walked off the green .
averting his eyes , becker bent forward , pulled his cue back and sent the white ball smashing into the others , making them scatter on the green felt like frantic rats .
i ended up sitting on one of the greens , but a rescuer arrives !
the greens have five !
the ninja poking around godzilla 's feet abandoned little tokyo and cut across the greens to the lab set .
he walked toward the putting greens , unconcerned .
she headed for the fitness center ; he walked toward the putting greens .
she 'd done a little turn on the green as if she were at a bloody ball , and then sprinted for the fence .
i know i should n't but i ' m thinking of the bowling green , kentucky , receipt that i ' ve folded until there are hundreds of tiny creases lining it .
she was hurrying across the crowded green to meet him when a blurry thought came into focus : what was she forgetting ?
it was hard to say whether luce 's voice was drowned out by the delighted hoots of a crowd at a puppet show in one of the movable stages set up on the western edge of the dancing area for the raucous , hungry crowd lining up at the long food tables on the eastern side of the green .
if only daniel were here ... luce withdrew to the edge of the green , taking a break .
her father 's wiry white beard scraped her mother 's cheek as they sashayed around the green .
he was easily the most elegant dancer on the green .
arriane asked suddenly , spinning around to scan the green .
he returned to the greens , painting little spots and lines here and there , following alongside the streak of brown .
an instant later , the door swung open , revealing a man who looked like he had just stepped off the greens at augusta national .
he made a hole in one on the first green .
she wanted to throw her ball at him and stomp off the green , but instead she shouted with laughter and firmly added another stroke to his score .
the quarter dropped tail side up on the green felt .
` ` i saw him as i was crossing the green .
i was too tired to do bright and early today , even for a stack of greens .
i could grab a blanket and we could hang out on the greens , '' he said , purposeful y bumping into me .
it was his idea to come to the main green with a blanket , and i turned him down only to come here with jared .
jared reared back his arm and launched the footbal across the greens like a missile .
we could go hang out on the greens . ''
on the greens , the closest bench took the brunt of my anger when i slammed my backpack into it before sitting down in a slump .
i would close my eyes , and pretend i was at brown on the main green , lying with jared while the summer air weaved through the trees .
seven alex pressed one knee down on the green and stretched out his putter , judging the distance to the hole with a sharp eye .
her sister took a drag , exhaled , and stared out across the green .
i 'd almost had a wreck last week when i 'd passed the greens ' and he 'd been cutting their grass shirtless .
three hours to the west , frank stood on the putting green at the thirteenth hole , drinking his beer as roger lined up for a putt .
he swung ... watched ... the ball landed on the green .
three days later , marcus set the boat on fire and watched it burn from behind the magnolia tree on the sixteenth green .
` ` there 's this great knoll behind tavern on the green .
she still wore the macrame bracelet he had given her , and as she ran her finger over its intricate weave , she wondered what classes he was taking , whom he walked beside on the greens as he moved from one building to the next .
slinging her bag over her shoulder , she returned to the cabin and placed the circle of greens on the door .
shepley was waiting for the girls in the middle of the greens .