` ` i 'll have the strawberry salad , '' she said , her mouth watering at the idea of the strawberries and blue cheese on a bed of greens described in the menu .
on top of each one , he placed two small beds of micro greens and topped those with the hot , crispy rice balls .
` ` how did i know that you do n't like grits or collard greens ? ''
he asked , putting more vinegar on the greens before scooping some up onto his fork .
if angelo had figured out that she hated grits and collard greens , he surely knew how she felt about his house .
there was a delicious salad with crisp greens and what she suspected was goat cheese and a salmon fillet with what looked like a lemon sauce .
gloria smiled at summer as she passed her the salad greens , but it did n't quite meet his mother 's eyes .
but i bet i ' m the first one to mix it with a dozen unnamed leafy greens and the wild berries gustavo grows and collects and gives to me to consume , assuring me they 're the secret to my never needing any of our esteemed colleagues ' services . ''
` ` i 'll take a salad of field greens with no blue cheese , ex- '' ` ` extra sprouts and a bottle of water .
one was walking a large black standard poodle on a pink leash and the other was carrying a bag of groceries topped with dark leafy vegetables and greens .
we bought fresh ravioli for dinner , as well as plenty of greens , and a strawberry - rhubarb pie for dessert .
nikki was rustling around in her handbag and imogen glanced over to see the blonde tearing into a bag of mixed greens .
she had zero interest in chewing on greens sans salad dressing .
` ` there 's a reason for all the sayings , you know , '' ian mused a moment later , lazily watching her pour salad dressing onto her greens .
` ` it 's saturday night , '' elise reminded her as she arranged some greens on a plate .
as everyone talked and laughed , a gorgeous summer greens salad was served , and then we all enjoyed our meals of peppered beef and lemon herb chicken home style , sharing our meal together , like it should be .
he nudged the bowl of greens toward her .
amery picked up the linen card - embossed in the exact same color of the tablecloth - that announced the evening 's five - course menu : butternut squash soup with chive oil and radish seedlings pan - fried trout croquettes , breaded with blue corn flour and topped with tomatillo relish roasted beet carpaccio with seared goat cheese and mache greens grilled filet of beef with caramelized shallot / red wine reduction , truffle - infused potato rosti , white asparagus , and morel mushrooms golden colorado dessert , ripe colorado peaches soaked in colorado 's gold - medal - winning red wine , topped with yogurt sweetened with honey this menu was a little different than applebee 's .
` ` turnips , parsnips , radishes , beets , prunes , collard greens , dijon mustard , strawberry ice cream .
i can pull over and you can forage for fresh crunchy greens in the ditch if you like . ''
she gestured with the knife to a pile of greens .
` ` well , maybe if you eat your greens . ''
the waiter returns and both he and ansel listen patiently while i insist on ordering my own dinner , along with a simple plate of greens tossed in vinaigrette .
before the sun goes down , i snatch food from the cupboards and the refrigerator : two dinner rolls and raw carrots with the greens still attached , a hunk of cheese and an apple , leftover chicken without any seasoning on it .
zane couldn '' t think of a single thing to say , so he started on his salad as he reviewed the conversation , committing details to memory , and watched ty poke at his bowl of vinaigrette - covered greens .
i 'd hate for him to miss out on all those beneficial barley greens and carobs that smell like feet .
` ` greens and veggies for a salad and fresh lobster . ''
` ` yep , just a few odds and ends to finish tomorrow , '' i reply , and load a bite of turkey , greens , and mac n ' cheese all on my fork , then groan loudly when they all hit my tongue .
lydie 's been riding your ass for years about eating your greens .
i did n't want him to do anything tor - like which would likely not go over very well either so , after eating mom 's delicious herbed chicken , cheesy - garlic mashed potatoes and steamed greens but before she moved us onto dessert , i told them that tor was from a parallel universe , the same parallel universe i had been hurled into in my sleep and resided in the last two months and we were at the whim of blue mist magic .
it was after they went to the fruit and veg shop so she could get fresh fine greens for dinner and blueberries for pancakes the next morning .
` ` you should stay out of it , cassia , '' she said , chewing on the leafy greens .
hearing chester grunt in frustration , she went over to the other man , who was n't having a lot of luck with a pile of fresh greens and vegetables .
their voices were hushed as one of them added greens of some kind into whate'er they were warming .
` ` just do n't try to feed me any collard greens , and we 'll be okay , '' he teased .
` ` have you ever tried collard greens ? ''
` ` could n't find any greens , but i figured you ' ve all had enough of ... '' i trailed off .
finally she spotted the holotape images of a familiar lovelady tuber and something that appeared to be a pile of greens .
desma peered at the pile of greens and tubers on cidra 's plate .
she blanked out her mental image of the last meal severance had fed to the dracons and grimly went back to work on her greens .
the refrigerator 's shelves were bare except for a few containers of yogurt and a rubber - banded bunch of greens .
the house of whitewashed stone with slate roof looked in good repair , and a neat garden with rows of cabbages , carrots , greens , and other vegetables ran alongside it .
he filled a plate with sausages , potatoes , greens , and sauce , and added cheese and bread before he laid the plate in front of her .
` ` i think i could live forever on a train , '' bertie said , looking over the fish in sauce , crisp greens , and buttery potatoes .
he had a cheeseburger , fries , broccoli , and collard greens to get through before band practice .
even his salad - simple greens dressed lightly with lemon and olive oil , salt , pepper , and good parmesan - was easy and perfect .
his housekeeper had prepared a light supper of potato soup , fresh sour dough bread lathered with butter , and a salad made up from greens from the kitchen garden .
he resolutely took the salad fork and started eating his mixed greens from the bowl susan had placed on his plate .
she picked her fork back up and fiddled with it , staring at her mixed greens .
the description had been simple : a bouquet of mixed greens , tomatoes , bean sprouts and flowers .
silence pulled the turnip toward herself and picked up a knife to chop off the greens .
finn 's arms are skinny , his skin pale as he tugs at the roots , then drops the dusty weeds into a pile of wilted greens .
` ` sure and it 's ironic , the way i run a house of pleasure for them who drink blood when the very thought of a bloody steak or the leg of a hen makes me ill . my pappa could n't ever understand why i was happy with only potatoes and greens . ''
instead , she put some greens on my plate as i set my napkin on my lap .
i also laid salads by each plate , with a special dressing drizzled over the long leaves and tiny greens .
` ` beth , eat your greens .
he said , resigned , as he tucked the limp greens carefully into his own sack .
my men eat such greens as i take them , and cress is better - tasting than most things i can pick on the moor . ''
the dinner had been good ; a pheasant he had shot himself , and a salad of greens , in deference to fraser 's odd tastes for such things .
a rimmed double shelf hung from the bulkhead , thick with bulb glasses and shallow plates , on which a quantity of fresh - cut turnip tops were set to sprout for greens .
and fresh greens were what i wanted .
instead , i went quickly up to the springhouse , where i submerged my basket of greens in the cool water - if i took it to the cabin , amy would seize them and boil them into submission - and left my gown , stays , and stockings rolled up on the shelf where the cheeses were stacked .
i looked last at the spot where i had planted salad greens ; that 's where she had died .
` ` what kind of southern girl would i be if i did n't enjoy collard greens and fried green tomatoes ? ''
plus there 's low country boil on the menu , so you should be able to get the greens i know you love . ''
everyone was feted with all the delicacies of greek cuisine : roast lamb , pullets , heaps of grapes , salads full of unidentifiable wild greens , tomatoes , hunks of goat - cheese , jugs of wine , and of course , the ubiquitous ouzo and raki .
jude got a bowl of murky brown soup , a meatless and nearly tasteless concoction the whole crew just called the runs , while valencia opted for a plate of half - rotten greens with a slab of fatty meat that was possibly pork .
chapter 46 in the lounge , beers were handed out and dillow and cragg helped themselves to a feed of fish from the food trays resting in the steaming vats then added some fresh greens .
' excellent , well get a lamb , dig up some potatoes and parsnips , and see what greens you have in the garden . '
the reverend green .
the alien attacked his own fish and some sort of leafy greens .
stowik started eating the greens as he ambled through several darkened rooms until a faint light illuminated the doorway .
stowik sat in his chair and munched on the fresh greens , his legs propped against a dashboard - like ledge above the fuel gauge as he stared at the girl and waited for her to either leave or reply .
he loathed the smell of mouldy greens it stirred up too many reminders of his wretched childhood in the back alleys of varna , largest city on his homeworld of vargo but this was kabbige soup intensified tenfold .
but jorge thought it best to only listen , so he turned his attention back to the weeds that skirted the bed of tufted carrot greens .
the tomatoes were mostly rotten and the cucumbers had yellowed , but the mustard and collard greens were dark and healthy - looking .
do nt go in there alone , she said , lifting the lower front of her shirt to form a sack for the greens .
she collected fistfuls of greens , waiting for stephen to return .
pavun had felt like a fool , going through the ritual when the greens had shown up just to pass away the long hours of the morning .
farmers shouted in guttural , outland dialects as they rode heavy horses that pulled carts piled high with greens ; tanned , thick - browed children rode atop the food and stared open - mouthed at the ceaseless chaos .
things called beans and greens .
what are those greens you re cooking ?
we ate the raspberries while we cooked the greens on the stone surrounded by fire .
` ` i 'll get some greens and make soup with the meat the pack brought . ''
peter made his way home , ate a sparse meal of wilted greens that tasted more like slightly bitter water then food .
on a table fashioned from the remnants of an old , huge , chopped - down tree , there were cooked vegetables ; fluffy mashed potatoes , steamed greens of an unknown origin , mushrooms tossed in some sauce that appeared to be butter , and huge pieces of what appeared to be purplish - blue broccoli were right there , ours for the taking .
i ate rice , fish , and some kind of cooked leafy greens while trying to piece together what we had learned so far .
he d fixed a stew , but instead of reconstituted dried vegetables and pseudo - meat , she saw what looked suspiciously like the greens the dullard had presented them with .
it held a small clump of greens .
again it thrust the clump of greens at letta , and she let go of hash to take it .
she was to use the greens on hashs arm .
trigger , you slow down , old timer , greens gon na peck you to death if you re not careful .
` ` we 're going to have to find some herbs or greens to make a meal .
he handed one up front to green .
came greens simpering , i m smarter than everybody voice .
after a week , the place is spotless , our nails are scrubbed and we 're all sitting up straight at the table and eating our greens .
the men were able to find some greens worthy of consumption .
after a while we sit down to buffalo backstrap , greens and sourdough biscuits .
his head was a skull that took in greens and bit them ; inside him the greens became rotten things as something ate them to make them dead .
his head was a skull that took in greens and bit them ; inside him the greens became rotten things as something ate them to make them dead .
stan had gone online to find out what greys ate , and had gotten gerard some delicious apples and special greens .
there are also tubers , greens , and some gray pasty stuff , along with simple water .
zentz had finished gnashing down his apple and was once again gawking about the greens .
the greens would not provide enough fresh fruit for everyone , but he and a select cadre could be quite happy there indefinitely .
thorne walked over and picked up a sheet of paper on the table and read : ` ` lobster bisque , baby organic greens , seared ahi tuna . ''
the sheer variety of the edibles put before them - especially after the months they had spent eating nothing but lobster meat , deer meat , and the few bitter greens which roland pronounced safe - undoubtedly had something to do with the pleasure he took in the food , but eddie did n't think that was the sole answer ; he noticed that the kid was packing it away by the plateful ( and feeding a chunk of something to the bumbler crouched at his feet every couple of minutes ) , and jake had n't been here a week yet .
eddie had never been crazy about greens , but at the first taste of these , some deprived part of him awoke and cried for them .
15 supper consisted of water and greens .
he carried some greens in his hands .
` ` they may come here and share our breakfast , '' temeraire said , indicating the great pit where gong su had made them a great thickened wheat porridge flavored with venison and greens and preserved lemons .
the skeleton had long blond hair and perfectly made .. up lips : she looked like the person mothers around the world would point to , muttering , ` ` that 's what 'll happen to you if you do n't eat your greens '' ; she looked like a famine .. relief poster with style .
today he was looking for mei in exchange for enough leafy greens to make a small meal .
theresa washed a bag of salad greens .
i realized i 'd eaten two beef short ribs , a large pile of roasted parsnips and potatoes , a generous serving of greens ... and a piece of apple bread .
there were salads of spinach and chickpeas and turnip greens , and afterward bowls of iced blueberries and sweet cream .
they were fed - hard cheese and fresh - baked bread and milk to break their fast , roast chicken and greens at midday , and a late supper of beef and barley stew - but the servants who brought the meals would not answer sansa 's questions .
this evening they had supped on oxtail soup , summer greens tossed with pecans , grapes , red fennel , and crumbled cheese , hot crab pie , spiced squash , and quails drowned in butter .
when the morrow came , most of the morning was given over to talk of grains and greens and salting meat .
prices had risen sickeningly high on greens , roots , flour , and fruit , and tyrion did not want to think about what sorts of flesh might be going into the kettles of the pot - shops down in flea bottom .
they started with a creamy chestnut soup , crusty hot bread , and greens dressed with apples and pine nuts .
she stared at the supper set before her : trout wrapped in bacon , salad of turnip greens and red fennel and sweetgrass , pease and onions and hot bread .
as her young hostages miklaz and kezmya were laying out a simple supper of autumn greens and ginger soup for her , irri came to tell her that galazza galare had returned , with three blue graces from the temple .
and when time came for supper , instead of stale bread and oaten porridge , she was served a roast capon , a bowl of crisp greens sprinkled with crushed walnuts , and a mound of mashed neeps aswim in butter .
a luscious bowl of greens sat comfortably in the middle of the rectangular wooden dining table .
mama cans her pigs feet with collard greens , white potatoes , fatback and a sweet touch of white sugar .
rann plays a good host , inviting me for lunch , consisting of chicken , rice , greens , fresh baked bread , fruit , and my favorite for dessert chocolate cake .
lunch special is aged liver with three - month hollandaise sauce and a side of pickled limes and turnips over mustard greens .
do nt you have salad greens with non fat dressing ?
they had salted meat and salted greens and balls of salt .
he plants more greens into his mouth , quickly chews and swallows and plays with me , mentally , dirkll not force you to play the game .
the few times nolan had tried conversationthe second day while they were eating their cafeteria - provided lunch of fish and limp greens and the third day when they 'd paused in the closet to look for a case of light bulbssamuel had grunted and turned away .
that same chill had led them to ask for a table inside , although the sky above was cloudless ; however , she had only been able to pick at her fresh greens and potatoes .
this discussion is nauseating , it does nt help that my fettuccini alfredo has more cream than cheese , and the cream looks more like curdled milk , or the salad had more wilted greens than a dying garden .
was her aunts first question , her back turned to the girl as she sliced some greens on the kitchen table .
they feasted on meat and wild greens and read stories aloud from aesop 's fables .
either way , for one night , viktor was content to enjoy his company and savor the smell of roasted lamb and pheasant and the sweet dressings on wild greens .
looking at the sandwich his hosts had carefully prepared upon his arrival , garnished with fresh greens and roast turkey , he briefly wondered what it might taste like .
it probably had something to do with the greens she placed in a bowl in front of her .
mrs . robbins insisted on a proper , balanced and healthy diet so for a long time since luna was ten , they only had fish and greens with occasional chicken and mashed potato .
bullies are big and mean for a reason since we let to eat them suckers with lots of greens and tons of taters , words garth as i giggle with delight at garths sick humor which makes me feel so much better about my silly conclusion about my mama and daddy since i love them so much ya know being with them all my seventeen years of life .
the grilled salmon rested on a bed of wilted greens .
he held up some fresh greens he had in one hand .
cockshuts are wild running little peach meaty non - flying three inch bird - like creatures grilled to perfection for eating with greens and buttered rolls .
the meat is eaten with an orange tangy sauce swimming over the lavender juicy tender meat when fire - stoved along with varied colored numerous fruits and greens .
justin had heard one had even been turned into an indoor farm , complete with fish and mushroom cultivation and greens year - round .
a goblin led justin back to the dining chamber for a solitary dinner roasted nuts and strips of jerky , plus some bitter , slimy greens then to his chamber .
and my little brother dallas , refusing to eat his greens , whining , cowering , spoiled .
djimon helped himself to the jollof rice , savoring the thick tomato taste while he watched a particularly large man deftly fashion a big helping of stiff white pounded yam into an eating utensil which he then used to expertly scoop up a large portion of the hearty greens - laden fish soup .
she only ate greens and berries .
i was absolutely dirt poor and living on turnips and turnip greens that i sneaked out of the garden and ate raw and they were n't going to keep me going .
they wolfed down a decent meal of soup , mutton , potatoes , and greens .
he also demanded greens and nutsespecially walnutsas accompaniment .
above the chest freezer was another shelf stocked with several large commercial cans of baked beans , corn , a few five - pound cans of skinned tomatoes , and smaller cans of other greens .
i do have some sliced turkey if anyone would prefer that and there are greens for a salad or dressings for the sandwiches , too .
last week had been fried fish , mustard greens , hot water cornbread and strawberry cake .
thinking about that aspect of the work did nt help greens digestion .
he was a head taller , and he leaned over to put his face close to greens in a way that was supposed to be menacing .
there was also a back door that yielded easily to greens efforts to force it .
without one glance at her notepad , jessica launched into monotone : for the starter , we have a grilled calamari salad , served over baby field greens and jicama .
our catch is a pan - seared , pepper - crusted ahi tuna , white wine and lemon - basil , served with sesame saffron rice and stir - fried local greens .
faced with a spread of numerous dead animals , she made do with potato salad , hush puppies , and collard greens .
i speared a few of her greens .
she punctuated her outline with forkfuls of the choicest greens from her plate , ` ` let 's go in with the service , frank , then , wire the place they wo n't be expecting it .
boil it till the blubbers melted and the greens are soft , strain off the water , keep the greens and grease , and you ve got sea spinach .
boil it till the blubbers melted and the greens are soft , strain off the water , keep the greens and grease , and you ve got sea spinach .
i pull a salad from the fridge : greens , carrots , tomatoes , quinoa , and chicken .
she coming back later before i go back to sleep to bring my ribs and greens , she said happily .
it was tied at the top and felt like it was filled with some sort of dried greens .
apparently the tea and greens would help pa sleep .
i pressed the bundle of greens into pa 's palm .
pa chewed halfheartedly on the greens for a few seconds before spitting them out .
rooty hog smells and collard greens or cabbage and stringy boiled beef , grass - fed .
thirteen gainful employment jack welsh was halfway through a plate of meatloaf , mashed potatoes and turnip greens when danny slid uninvited into the booth across from him .
unleaded with ten percent ethanol to make the greens happy .
come again , '' daddy replied as he put a big helping of greens in his mouth .
she and gran spent hours during the summer and early fall putting up vegetables from our garden - tomatoes , peas , beans , okra , mustard greens , and corn .
we washed the corn , cucumbers , tomatoes , okra , and greens in the kitchen sink , then she carefully arranged it all in a cardboard box .
in the fall we gathered mustard greens , turnips , and peas , the late - producing vegetables that had been planted in may and june .
much more rain and the greens 'll rot .
my mother hauled another basket of greens to the porch .
for lunch thursday , the coffee shop offered the daily special of country - fried pork chops , turnip greens , and either candied yams , creamed corn , or fried okra .
she pushed her greens around , took a bite , lost interest .
the dinner was frugal : a small roast pork , three boiled potatoes and a dish of turnip greens .
the meal began with gazpacho - the thick cold soup made from tomatoes , cucumbers , and water - soaked bread - followed by a salad of fresh greens , a huge dish of paella - rice , shrimp , chicken , and vegetables in a wonderful sauce - and ended with a delicious flan .
today 's wednesday , and that means turnip greens and corn bread .
adam was certain that somewhere deep in his genes he was supposed to crave turnip greens and corn bread .
sam heard the news as he was holding a bowl of turnip greens , his final meal before his last meal .
he finished the turnip greens , and placed the bowl on the tray at the foot of his bed .
brent green himself came and told us to leave .
that wild - and - crazy tail assembly of ours can chop you like salad greens . ''
in fact , the only real ` ` fresh '' vegetables were the collard greens , or ` ` spring greens '' as she called them .
in fact , the only real ` ` fresh '' vegetables were the collard greens , or ` ` spring greens '' as she called them .
she and esau grew four types of tomatoes , butter beans , string beans , black - eyed peas , crowder peas , cucumbers , eggplant , squash , collards , mustard greens , turnips , vidalia onions , yellow onions , green onions , cabbage , okra , new red potatoes , russet potatoes , carrots , beets , corn , green peppers , cantaloupes , two varieties of watermelon , and a few other things she could n't recall at the moment .
i 'll pick you some lettuce and greens .
i also left with a sack of ` ` spring greens , '' which i had no idea what to do with , and precious few notes on which to write a story .
she and miss callie compared notes on the different recipes for things such as corn bread , brunswick stew , and even collard greens .
while she boiled some potatoes and sauteed some greens , they made idle conversation about her work and his , about peter .
she stopped stirring the greens .
some men had cut an oil drum in half and covered the halves in cattle wire and started barbecuing and folks had brought tables and chairs and the tables were covered with plates of fried catfi sh and creamy potato salad and deep brown drumsticks and fat purple grapes and heaps and heaps of greens .
` ` greens are good for you , '' mortimer said , setting another floret on her plate and following it with cauliflower , celery , and several baby carrots before handing the dish of vegetables off to bricker .
` ` right , '' he murmured , grabbing lunchmeat , cheese , and various greens from the refrigerator .
a roast chicken he must have prepared sat , untouched , on the cutting board with some greens she did not recog  nize .
he intercepted another platter that would have bypassed alexia and offered her some steamed greens .
dante went still where he stood , watching as tess shopped in a lighted open - air market , carefully selecting fresh greens and vegetables .
she saw a plate of field greens and a cup of fresh fruit , even something dark and chocolate - looking amid all the other temptations .
` ` fantastic , '' she murmured , shoveling in a mouthful of vinegarette - drenched field greens .
` ` she was out looking for new greens .
he did n't see the little girl out picking spring greens until he was on top of her .
still , the salad , with all its bright veggies and leafy greens , looked incredible ... and crispy .
` ` tess said she 'll have coffee and breakfast foods available , and meat - n - greens is serving a variety of food throughout the day . ''
this was the terra indigene elite who deal with humans , and i do n't think most of them had ever been in a coffee shop or had a meal in a restaurant like meat - n - greens . ''
` ` finally got all the maple trees tapped today , '' corent sighed and dipped into the sliced turnips and greens that redbird set on the table .
` ` okay , '' i breathed , searching for the appetite to eat the berries and greens before me .
it 's annie who brings the potatoes and greens .
we were preparing the noon meal when i was summoned , and i put aside the tray of steamed greens i was making up and wipe my hands , heave a heavy sigh , and head out .
two girls with trays come in and serve the meat , potatoes , and greens .
she eats like a bird , pecking at the organic greens and mushrooms her salad had been made with .
the cafeteria at fenbrook is your standard college eatery : trays of sodden mash potato , unidentifiable gray meat in sauce and wilted greens , long tables , cliques and noise .
sandra , introduces me to various aunts and uncles and cousins and gives me a plate of barbecued chicken and mac and cheese and some greens and sits me down at a table .
` ` it makes sense , '' mom says briskly as the waiter soundlessly slides her plate of field greens in front of her .
soon there would be tubers and fruit on the trees , more berries and wild greens .
thimble fed us soft cheese and dark bread , fried fish and sliced apples , fresh greens and chopped nuts .
that morning , magda laid out sweet rolls with prune jam , a plate of boiled eggs , and bitter greens .
fine , '' she said , before turning back towards taking out her frustrations on leafy greens .
there was a joint of beef , with roast potatoes , golden - crisp on the outside and soft and white inside , buttered greens i did not recognise , although i think now that they might have been nettles , roasted carrots , blackened and sweet ( i did not think that i liked cooked carrots , so nearly did not eat one , but i was brave , and i tried it , and i liked it , and was disappointed in boiled carrots for the rest of my childhood ) .
did you never eat your greens ? ''
it was true that blue was just shy of five feet and it was also true that she had n't eaten her greens , but she 'd done the research and she did n't think the two were related .
because she had not , as jesse dittley pointed out , eaten her greens , she had to adjust the seat as close to the pedals as possible .
it 's because you ate your greens .
she was very tall ; probably she 'd eaten her greens .
they heated the lerfs and nibbled on greens that nerza had gathered the previous evening .
at dinner that night , a meal of chewy grain and faded greens , joe looks at the faces and torsos of the twenty - eight women seated around the table .
they have similar characteristics to mustard greens and were regularly eaten with hard boiled eggs .
they can grow practically anywhere in abundance without any help , and all parts of the dandelion are useable : the leaves for greens , the roots for coffee and tea , and the blossoms for jelly and wines .
you have nt lived , hank , i said , until you ve tried pork chops that melt off the bone and collard greens that have been steeping since new years .
humans need a balanced diet that includes greens and vegetables , and fruit , as well .
she spoke to his dad , who was bent double , weeding rows of tiny greens .
it was too early for fresh vegetables , but huge mounds of tender , new - growth greens glittered further enticement .
whoa , go , steady go , she whispered to him , then turning him away from napoleon and off into the direction of the structure , she cried , come this way sailor , ill buy you a drink and show you how this place got its name , fiddlers greens .
he dragged himself to the kitchen where he chopped up some leafy greens from the garden and blended them with freshly - pressed juice and raw eggs .
he had a firm grip that left greens hand tingling .
they served steamed fish for supper with some greens grown on the ship .
you know , with fried chicken and beef ribs and collard greens and sweet potatoes .
andrew could hear greens crying in dismay .
you d rather have fresh greens too , right ?
do you want grace to pick some greens ?
with some reasonable growth of greens and fruits they would not starve .
tony grilled the fish over the open fire so that he could use the pan to warm up the collard greens and okra .
sitting outside with a plate of fried chicken , collard greens , rice smothered with black eyed peas , fried squash , macaroni and cheese , with a big portion of homemade banana pudding for desertthats living !
ruba came with a handful of greens sent by nebu .
only twenty minutes pass before he has prepared a fine dish of agrahalian beef with cheese and various healthy greens .
very well , imrm says as he goes to the kitchen , rids the plate of any greens , and then returns to udgd with a plate of only meat .
piles of beet greens and cabbage trimmings littered the counter top .
the fairies brought tales of ayden greens defeat of degus .
emerald slid the sausages onto a plate alongside some freshly plucked greens and a dilapidated hunk of rye bread .
it looked disgusting and smelled like a mixture of turnip greens , fresh fish , and cabbage , but it made his mouth water .
aura rubs her neck and face alongside the greens in comfort .
she 'd eaten nothing but raw greens for days and she 'd had nothing but water to drink .
every night , after she finished her well - balanced dinner ( consisting mostly of leafy greens , with small portions of lean protein and the occasional ounce or two of whole grains ) , she would permit herself a single spoonful .
to which almerinda snapped : that was cicoria , not this pina saw no practical difference , and so proceeded unhindered by her mothers comments , even loading her basket up higher with the bitter greens .
once the guards had gone off into the servants hall , dardan settled down to a simple dinner with his mother : robins - egg soup and roast lamb and garden greens , cold crab bisque , warm soft nut bread with honey and butter .
luncheon had been served out in the tarians garden , a fine meal of sauted greens , fresh - baked rosemary bread , grilled pheasant , mushroom bisque , and herb - encrusted pork loin .
a variety of other dishes had been whipped up by supportive townsfolk : scalloped potatoes in butter , peas and carrots roasted with herbs , a salty beef stew , a soup of roots , fresh greens with little plump tomatoes , and more besides .
it was a small steak , rice , and greens and yeah , it looked tasty .
he took out some greens and sniffed them appreciatively .
i hurried to the kitchen and prepared a meal of sausages , potatoes and greens , nibbling at some fruits as i did so .
there is also a salad of arugula , selected fall greens , and a brown butter gastrique .
lil thought about her grandmother telling her that she would be the whore of the devil and would be sentenced to a life in damnation if she did nt eat her greens .
the next course was a leathery pot roast , accompanied by greens of some description - although they had been boiled so long and so thoroughly that they were no longer , by any stretch of the imagination , greens , and were well on their way to becoming browns .
the next course was a leathery pot roast , accompanied by greens of some description - although they had been boiled so long and so thoroughly that they were no longer , by any stretch of the imagination , greens , and were well on their way to becoming browns .
mr . ibis had prepared dinner : rice and boiled greens for himself and mr . jacquel .
ordinarily they would hardly have made a few bites for him , but the chinese cooks stretched them out by stewing them with salt pork fat , turnips , and some fresh greens , and temeraire made a sufficiently enthusiastic meal out of them , bones and all , to give the lie to his supposed lack of hunger .
the pigs were coming to a turn , and meanwhile gong su had been stewing the intestines and offal and hocks , judiciously adding from the various ingredients which the ferals had begun offering him , the fruit of their own collections , not all entirely legitimate : some greens and native roots , but also a bushel of turnips in a torn sack , and another bag of grain , which evidently they had snatched and found inedible .
the fetid smell of the half - rotten leaves suggested strongly that brutha had committed his crime when the greens were halfway to the midden , but om did n't say so .
it was the same tone of voice granny used when esk was less than enthusiastic about a plateful of nourishing sallet greens , boiled yellow until the last few vitamins gave in , but to skiller 's hypersensitive ears it was n't an injunction but a prediction .
the rest of the women brought a large steaming pot of porridge , the grain boiled up in milk rather than broth , for their dinner ; with fresh greens cooked with garlic , and dried meat preserved in salt : a little tough , but flavorful , vinegary and spiced .
julian lifted its cover to reveal a plate of pan - fried chicken and greens , turnips and onions on the side , and a slice of apple pie topped with cheese .
by late morning , we have a dozen fish , a bag of greens and , best of all , a gallon of strawberries .
greasy sae , the bony old woman who sells bowls of hot soup from a large kettle , takes half the greens off our hands in exchange for a couple of chunks of paraffin .
gale and i divide our spoils , leaving two fish , a couple of loaves of good bread , greens , a quart of strawberries , salt , paraffin , and a bit of money for each .
the fish and greens are already cooking in a stew , but that will be for supper .
she roused herself , skinned the carcass , and made a stew with the meat and some more greens prim had gathered .
mushroom soup , bitter greens with tomatoes the size of peas , rare roast beef sliced as thin as paper , noodles in a green sauce , cheese that melts on your tongue served with sweet blue grapes .
she 's gathered quite a collection of roots , nuts , greens , and even some berries .
fearing the smell of meat will draw unwanted predators - fresh blood is bad enough - i make a good meal out of the greens and roots and berries rue and i gathered today .
we take turns gathering greens and keeping a careful watch for cato , but as i anticipated , he does n't make an appearance .
the rest of the rabbits , roots , greens , the rolls spread with the last bit of cheese .
scarlett and all the ancestors were gathered around a circular table that was covered with fine foods : roasted chicken , baked potatoes , salad greens , and vegetables .
she rang for the maid ; shortly a couple of manservants climbed up with a very good sort of plain single - course dinner : a roast fowl , with greens and beef ; gravy sauce ; some small cheesecakes made with jam ; calf 's feet pie ; a dish of red cabbage stewed ; and a small biscuit pudding for relish .
three further courses of small dishes ensued , then a strange dish of uncooked fish , pale pink and fleshy , with cold noodles and pickled greens gone dull brown with long storage .
the british were not unwilling to make the attempt ; their coordination was less equal to the task , however , and shortly both uniforms and the table were graced by bits of fish and pickled greens .
along with the fish , howard had given them some other picnic treats that had spoiled ... mushrooms in cream sauce , rotted greens .
gregor ate a huge grilled fish , seven slices of buttered bread , some greens , and most of a cake .
one had a ricelike grain , and the smallest contained a handful of fresh greens .
if the rats could detect the handful of greens he 'd eaten hours earlier , they must have an unbelievable sense of smell .
boots resisted eating the leaves , since she was not big on greens , until hamnet made it into a game of who could eat a leaf the fastest .
his own aes sedai , a pretty young domani green named vasha , watched idly from the side of the barn .
` ` get a room , '' i said , and shoveled in a mouthful of greens .
they sat around the dining room table , eagerly feasting on the baked fish , roast chicken , and sliced pork with platters of hot steaming buttered greens and carrots .
there are far better places to get your greens .
she did eat her salad , and i found myself eating much more of the greens than usual for me .
carrots and greens and shepherds pie were her favorites , though , and had made her a scottish tot with fat , rosy cheeks kept raw and chafed by the cold winds blowing and swirling across the hills where she played .
at first , sarah too , had offered help , handing him bows of twisted greens .
the richness of the oil - based marinade pairs very nicely with fresh greens , so i had a head of butter lettuce and some spring onions and tomatoes in the icebox .
then she proceeded to stuff him with chicken and dumplings , maple carrots , pickled pears , stewed fruit , butterbeans , two kinds of pickles , warm apple crisp , corn bread , fresh greens with hot bacon dressing and real coffee with real cream .
aromas of sugar and greens mingled in the air .
there s also some green beans , turnip greens , and hot biscuits .
rita brought the roast in , a dish of potatoes , and another of greens and cabbage .
and she grew the greens in the garden , too , rose added .
big yellow bins full of cucumbers and leafy greens and turnips and radishes and just about every vegetable you can imagine .
you know , meat and potatoes and some kind of greens .
rod took a bite of greens .
annie 's job was to assemble a fresh salad of greens and steam the carrots and peas .
he sprinkled a liberal amount of soy sauce onto the greens and began digging into them .
nathan picked at the last of his stir - fried greens .
i tried to concentrate on the smells drifting around , the mushy odor of mildew ; a deeper sort of wet smellcollard greens ?
as i stood by the sink , preparing greens for the salad , michael stepped behind me , encircling my waist with his arms .
selling chickens and eggs , along with greens .
when i came in , i found mrs . paterson amidst a pile of greens strewn around the floor of the scullery and the sight of the back of joseph gibson 's rickety , old wagon from the doorway . ` ` '
her hand on greens chest stopped his advance .
but lots of red meat and greens , greens , greens .
she was still half a dozen steps away from the first bunches of plump furled greens when she stopped , hardly aware of her feet settling into the muddy mulch under the water .
when they had both finished a token sandwich and most of the salad - the fresh greens had been delicious - and a small sliver of apple pie each , she said : ` ` when are you going ? ''
it 's her turn to cook tonight ; roasted wild pig and a salad of wild greens .
he turned his attention back to the steak , carefully brushing the greens off the top .
not the ribs , not the greens , not the pulled pork .
everyone started to eat with their usual enthusiasm , and all thought of conversation was buried in biscuits and collard greens .
she traded sam his bowl and a salad fork for a glass of wine and then took up her own serving , munching noisily on the crisp greens .
she scooped the two bowls of greens from the refrigerator , peeled back the plastic wrap and sprinkled each with croutons and parmesan cheese .
the peppered beef and fresh greens with olive oil and grapefruit juice tasted like ambrosia , a heavenly meal of great joy .
` ` naturally , the success of this dish rests on the freshness of the greens , especially the peppers . ''
some bandits had bandied something that looked like spices and found out the hard way that her more vicious greens were n't foods that stuck with you for very long .
sun - baked mud with wilting greens embedded in it sat there , surrounded by thick , thorny brush ; still unmolested in the sun .
you 're not living , you 're not making a real living you 're just sitting in your hole and you 're eating your greens , i do n't understand it .
however , i was surprised when she announced , tonights supper is monte crisco sandwiches , mixed greens , and a fruit cup .
advice for dealing with snarks hunt , shoot , and serve with greens .
hunt , medicate , and serve with greens .
dave took several chews on his tongue , replicating a cow churning through some grass , but with the feeling that it was cement in his mouth , not greens .
yet , tantalizing redevelopment breezes are blowing across its grease traps , with rumblings of craft - brews and organic city - grown greens .
she pokes a button on the phone and then shoves a fork full of leafy greens in to her mouth .
replaced with salad greens in a balsamic reduction .
it 's made with fresh - picked greens garnished with natron . ''
she ordered a salad of heirloom greens grown right on the hotel property .
she then insisted he sample a forkful of her greens .
she considered her answer and turned , looking down at him like a flaming goddess scolding a cowering sinner , you ve made nick greens life hell ; you broke konrad grubers arm ; and samoan sam and tony are going to spend the coming months looking at the walls of hospital rooms and prison cells but the name that really sticks in my throat from this whole mess is lucy caulston .
nicholas greens sofia its our history !
honey - crusted tilapia with mashed potatoes and mixed greens , not bad for gulag food .
just last night her brother alphonse had dined at the happy carnivore and enjoyed a roast pork platter with greens .
( interval - nine seconds ) hannah : of course you have to eat your greens .
you could tell they never ate their greens .
no one else had eaten their greens , not that paddington blamed them .
in march she would be planting onions and kale , peas and lettuce , and they would be eating fresh greens even before she put in the tomato plants , nurtured along in a window in the sun , before being arranged in their part of her overall design , usually next to or alternating with marigolds , which she planted to keep certain bugs away , and because she loved the smell of them .
well be having fresh greens soon , she told her father as if nothing unusual had happened .
henry had to go to houstons house , that lazy old liar he had never liked , and wait around while houston finished his dinner of beans and onions and garden greens , and then he had to pace himself to follow old houston who moved slower than any man henry had ever seen , around his yard full of trucks in various stages of decay and fossilization , and find the parts he needed , laboriously written out in large lopsided letters on a list .
as she replaced beloved childhood cereals with brownish - gray extrusions of bran , as she banned butter and bacon and issued ukases on safflower margarine and red and white - dyed soybean ersatz bacon strips , as she added prodigious amounts of such carotene - rich foods as carrots and cantaloupe and squash , and cancer - killing cruciferous vegetables such as mustard greens , kale and broccoli , and as she restricted red meat to such an extent that it seemed to her family that cattle must be an endangered species , dilly herself , with her children safely away at school , smashed chunks of baking chocolate into bite size pieces for her lunch .
despite dozens of admonitions to cut the greens to a certain size , the consistency of harolds salads was determined by a music only he could hear .
the next lines list some popular menu items : jambalaya , falafel , enchiladas , tacos , kung pao tofu , pasta pomodoro potato pancakes , lefse , corn cakes , naan samosas , plantain chips , pappadum , antipasto , hummus collard greens , chow chow asparagus soup , pot liquor , soup d'jour sweet potato pie , pineapple cake , banana bread , sorbet do n't see what you want ?
the next place we passed sold turducken sandwiches with sides of collard greens and cajun dirty rice .
there were also a number of people selling greens other than spinach and lettuce such as kale , collards , dandelions mustard greens and swiss chard .
there were also a number of people selling greens other than spinach and lettuce such as kale , collards , dandelions mustard greens and swiss chard .
which earned him a curious harry - glance , greens halted half - way to his mouth , clinging to the spoon .
stewed collard greens and whole - kernel corn , steamed squash and baked talapia fillets .
right away , she saw diane across the room , standing at the kitchen table , chopping collard greens for boiling , a cigarette dangling from her lips .
now , tracy stood rooted at the table and stared stubbornly at the raw collard greens .
tracy passed the greens at the table , retrieved her duffel bag from the couch in the living room , and went into her bedroom , where she shut the door .
joan orders greens , new potatoes and okra .
the table is cluttered with bowls , cups , shakers , tins , plates and jars of strawberry jam , grape jelly , peach preserves , jalapenos , minced garlic , parmesan , monterey jack , crumbled sausage , bacon bits , shredded cheddar , cognac , prosciutto , cinnamon , tabasco , alfalfa sprouts , strawberries , raspberries , blueberries , blackberries , boysenberry jam , chives , capers , barbecue sauce , anchovies , ricotta , wheat germ , teriyaki , lemon curd , sun dried tomatoes , red eye gravy , caramel sauce , maple syrup , molasses , chopped onions , shallots , saffron , pineapple chunks , shredded coconut , salsa , chili peppers , bleu cheese , sardines , soy sauce , worchester sauce , shaved ginger , peanut butter , bourbon , pine nuts , peanuts , cashews , chocolate sauce , butterscotch , horseradish , half and half , brown sugar , goat cheese , ham , mustard greens , wild irish rose , mozzarella , black olives , black pepper , nutmeg , and honey .
but i would nt say no to some dandelion greens , if you had any .
i walked past the fruit carts , weaving through the maze of the bazaar , waving , smelling the greens and the spices in their flour sacks , dazzled by the colorful fabrics and jewelry , the kettles , the aroma of hookah in every variety , the fruits and baking bread , the fish , ah yes , the coiled pastries , the dishware , and all the people breathing in the tunes of conversation .
` ` when we dipped the greens in the water , '' mrs . berman explained , ` ` we share in the bitterness and suffering of that biblical time .
but he would never become king unless he ate all his greens and married a princess . ''
as she handed out plates of spicy chicken chow mein with fresh greens , carrots , corn , bok choy , and bird peppers , she was careful not to stain her new frock .
he looks forward to the salad bar , if for no other reason , than to taste the greens from home .
naturally its a slow process , but georgia loves her salads and her greens , do nt you dear ?
later , in california , her mother always sought out a dwelling place that had a patch of dirt nearby , someplace where she could eke out a few greens .
leafy greens without dressing , carrots , and way more chicken breast than any reasonable human would want to consume .
chopped grilled chicken , greens , and a tiny sliver of avocado in a low - carb , whole - grain wrap .
her mother and father had twice as much meat on their plates , and half as many greens .
the dinner table was wrecked with gravy and brown flaky cuts of meat and greens soaked in leftover grease , and silence .
she toyed with the crisp greens coated lightly with walnut oil and wondered whether any of the ingredients were plants shed hoed or weeded over the weekend while at her parents farm .
i was able to eat some leafy greens and some corn meal cakes that jun fixed .
in them i found grain and greens , as fresh as need be .
mrs porter made sure it was healthy enough to keep most mothers happy even if the boys complained about the quantities of cabbage and greens they were forced to eat .
baby carrots and mixed greens are your essentials ?
if you would n't mind stopping at a store for some good bread and a bag of mixed greens for salad , we can have dinner here .
he stopped at the store for a baguette and mixed greens .
some of them are tasty and harmless , like dandelion greens .
they ll pick a bunch of unknown greens and make up a salad .
ah , mixed greens with leftovers , my favorite dish .
the last thing on his mind was food , but finally his body adjusted and the smell of coffee , fried chicken and turnip greens set off hunger pangs .
in a strange goat - like way , i found myself enjoying the flowers and greens tossed together on my sample plate .
they gathered their wild greens and followed pitman back to the base camp .
slicing the meat , i arranged it on top of baby field greens , added some shredded cheddar cheese , cherry tomatoes , shredded carrots , cucumber slices , and avocado .
i rarely ate fresh greens , and the salad tasted wonderful probably more so because we were eating outdoors .
he was working on a side of vinegar and greens when the door swung open and mark ayers lurched in out of the rain .
i made a quick trip to the deli and bought homemade pasta , some cheeses , some fresh greens and a couple of bottles of sterling cabernet just in case the night went on .
the salad looked delicious glistening cherry tomatoes , fresh greens , and a good mix of other items as well .
boys like these would buy items such as onion greens or apples in the covent garden market before dawn then spend the morning trying to sell them to housewives too poor to have servants .
bailey firmly pulled green away from johnny and spoke to him from the other side of the room .
` ` you got greens ?
aisha - that s his wife - she feeds him soy and tofu and greens all year .
the publican 's wife , a cheerful , thin woman , trundled us a supper of roasted chicken , thick soup , greens , cream , and bread .
harry rex shoveled in a load of collard greens and began , ` ` well , we 'd been to new orleans for a long weekend , and we were trying to get back to ole miss .
` ` told him to eat all his greens , and be a good little boy , and he would have the biggest wiener in town . ''
millie scolds , shaking her head and spearing more greens onto her fork .
it was mixed greens with feta cheese and pecans .
from curried cabbage , carrots and potatoes , to some unidentified beef dish with a little bit of field greens , tomatoes , and feta in the middle , this was his favorite meal and his favorite restaurant .
` ` dreamed of seein ' you again , my green at your neck . ''
and there was also the food , fried pork chops , mashed potatoes , gravy , greens and rolls .
chapter nine dominic green stared at the queue of girls in front of him .
he kept dinner simplea salad of field greens , tomatoes , cucumbers and strawberries , mimicking his aunt betty in that area .
he lifted the lids to reveal baked salmon and steamed greens , the first meal he d ever made for her in his chelsea home .
the head chefs voice beckoned me back to the counter where the steaming portions of fried chicken , grits , corn on the cob , and greens sat waiting for a hand to carry them to the customers .
after dinner , during which lynna had been unable to take a single bite of food for fear her fork would fall clattering to her plate , or she would choke on a mouthful of turnip greens , the group adjourned to the parlor .
unable to contain her grin , she took the leafy greens from him .
he sat over a plate of salad greens , eating slowly and sipping from a water bottle .
all three children , even kate , ate every last piece of their meal , including the greens that typically got pushed around until i got tired of trying to coax them into a mouth .
me too , honey , and doctor greens already signed our release , so were ready to go .
make sure you try the pasta salad , mia said as she added mixed greens to her own plate .
the captain then invited them to share a delectable meal in the captains quarters afterwards of cod , greens , sweet potatoes and spoon bread .
christmas dinner was lively and well attended between the extended family , enjoying the traditions of roasted duck , yams , greens , spoon bread and a variety of pies from which to choose from .
when he returned , he carried two heavy , salad plates laden with various field greens , ripe cherry tomatoes and fresh mozzarella cheese .
he poured it on his greens and speared a spinach leaf and white mushroom .
to celebrate being in the south , leslie chose cole slaw , hush puppies and collard greens .
marianne sat her with a family of three and leslie enjoyed her conversation while eating the most delicious barbequed spare ribs , cornbread and greens shed ever had .
meat surprise , an apple , some sort of salad that looked more like macaroni than leafy greens and an alarming amount of french fries .
the waiter returns with a salad bowl the size of my head piled high with greens , the entire thing swimming in an herbal dressing that smells like heaven .
or a nice big dinner salad with all kinds of greens and other vegetables , garnished with slices of hard cooked eggs and a few nuts and dried cranberries topped with a light vinaigrette dressing .
i got some cornbread in the oven , and collard greens and ham on the stove .
poking my fork at my greens , i did nt respond to that comment .
trace campbell stood to the side by himself , smiling at the guests as they filled plates with the baby greens and asparagus spears he d picked that morning and deviled eggs shed made from eggs laid by his hens .
he d add them to the greens he and the interns had picked that morning and take them up to the restaurant with another batch of strawberries and some fat asparagus spears .
ill take my fish fried , thank - you - very - much , with the rice and greens on the side .
mamma observed me with amusement as i successfully fished a bead from the depths of his ear canal , bribed him into eating a spoonful of collard greens , and taught him how to make sounds come out of daddys harmonica .
mamma was at the sink , washing fresh collard greens .
i have nt had collard greens in forever , i answered , crinkling my nose .
kira started with a micro greens salad , topped with pears , walnuts , and native goat cheese .
there was one later on ... not too long ago ... '' elijah set aside the now - empty bowl that once held col ard greens and dropped a cleaned rib bone into it .
he 'd actually overheard folks at the counter talking about the best way to filter bacon grease for maximum flavor and how much fatback - whatever that was - to add to collard greens before topping the whole mess with butter .
lincoln 's mother had made potato casserole with eggs , turkey , tomatoes , mushrooms , dandelion greens , and three kinds of cheese .
the house had come with a cook , a fifty - something woman named dominique , who baked bread every morning , and , so far , served some variety of fish , fresh garden greens , and figs at lunch .
the garlic , raw egg , and cayenne pepper combination stank so bad he held his breath as he squirted it on the rows of snap beans and limas , the potato greens , the carrot and radish tops .
the reception dinner would probably consist of collard greens and grits , with deep - fried hostess twinkies instead of wedding cake .
the salad , which included several leafy greens , was full of green peppers , red onions and radishes , plus pine nuts and goat cheese .
` ` we appreciate that , eddie , '' rosie said , mixing chopped green pepper and tomatoes into the lettuce greens .
i ' m squeezing fresh lemon juice over the greens and then tossing them with a little extra - virgin olive oil . ''
he dug into the refrigerator , coming up with an armful of salad greens , tomatoes , cucumbers and a wedge of parmesan cheese .
chase set a big salad bowl on the table , brimming with tomatoes and spring greens , peppers and slices of purple onion .
it was plainly meant merely to break the digestive silence caused by the salmagundi , but the hanoverian 's face became shadowed , and he looked down into the plate of greens and vinegar .
he galloped through the kitchen garden , leaping a basket of turnip greens set dead in the middle of the walk , and dodging the openmouthed cook who 'd set it there .
* * * matt made a pig of himself eating baked ham , turnip greens , and mashed sweet potatoes .
claire 's herb bed was full of leafing greens and sprouting flowers .
dinner would be being served in a moment - he saw the platters of roasted duck and mutton being skillfully laid out , bowls mounded with heaps of fluffy , steaming rice soaked with gravy , and a huge sallet of greens being tossed with vinegar .
i 'd gone up to my garden to pick greens , only to discover said greens seething with wedge - shaped bodies and shuffling , clawed feet , my lettuces and cabbages gnawed to ragged nubbins and the morning - glory vine on the palisade hanging in shreds .
i 'd gone up to my garden to pick greens , only to discover said greens seething with wedge - shaped bodies and shuffling , clawed feet , my lettuces and cabbages gnawed to ragged nubbins and the morning - glory vine on the palisade hanging in shreds .
for a wonder , she had ; i thought that was the only reason she had made it this far - unlike many people half her age , she was n't reduced to living on porridge , but could still stomach meat and greens .
his appetite was coming back ; he 'd finished his helping of fried mush , though he pushed aside the salad of dandelion greens and pokeweed .
i could not persuade most of the new immigrants either to eat fresh greens or to feed them to their families , but now and then i found opportunity to introduce a bit of vitamin c surreptitiously into their usual diet - which consisted for the most part of oatmeal and venison .
` ` blessed are those who eat greens , for they shall keep their teeth , '' i murmured to a red - cedar tree .
carol asked , examining bambi 's plate of greens .
she filled his bowl with nettle soup , her own mouth watering at the thought of fresh greens after the long winter .
` ` it 's just veggies and greens , '' laurel 's voice floated back .
it 's good to get these greens fresh , you know , '' she added quickly , ` ` because they taste better and they 're still full of life from mother earth . ''
a pot of greens in garlic and oil was simmering on another burner .
kelly emptied the juices from the chicken into a gravy boat , then removed a bowl of tossed greens , chopped celery , radishes and chives from the refrigerator .
well , i cooked salmon and prepared greens for a salad , while ashlyn fidgeted nervously near the counter .
her mother handed her a thermos of hot coffee with one hand and a large wreath of fresh greens with the other .
she picked at the greens and plucked at the grilled chicken , thinking about tomorrow night .
` ` i 'll have a small field greens salad with vinegar and oil and the tilapia . ''