riley was right to suggest this top - it brings out the green in my hazel eyes nicely .
he knew her now closed eyes were a sharp , crystal green .
the pink color looks wonderful with your skin tone and brings out the green in your eyes . ''
she had once loved bright colors , too - oranges and pinks and lime greens that set off her dark hair to perfection .
with nancy 's help , three hours later , alicia was the excited owner of several sophisticated , beautiful new outfits including a figure hugging evening gown in soft green that wrapped around her waist , creating a suggestive v , then flowing out to a graceful waterfall of chiffon and another of a sleek , black silk strapless dress that did n't reveal anything but her arms and shoulders but held her figure lovingly .
after living on her own , she realized that she liked warm greens and yellows rather than this elegant , coldness .
` ` now , with your fabulous hair and pale skin , perhaps something in muted golds and soft blues but adding a few bright greens that will bring out your gorgeous eyes , ' she said , one finger tapping her lips as she considered all of sophie 's features .
` ` i was n't sure i 'd be able to encourage you into this dress but since you ' ve had so much fun with the other outfits , i thought i might entice you with this dress , '' she said , holding up an emerald green , silk , strapless dress .
` ` you 'd look lovely in the green , '' he said .
was it the varied shades of green that gave the impression ?
people always said the color green was calming , but it was n't calming at all .
a brief , low sound echoed as the red light changed to green , and the gate opened .
the deep green seared into mine before traveling down to my lips .
rimmed in kohl , her eyes smoldered , the brilliant green still shining through .
his eyes flared an intense green as my hands wrapped around his back and slipped into his boxers to grab his tight ass .
he was now dressed in dark jeans and a green button - up that brought out the green in his eyes .
slowly he lifted his head and in the hazy green of his eyes was a mix of desire and confusion .
he loved the richness of the island , the verdant pastures and the vibrant green of the tropical foliage .
the subtle shadow she 'd applied on her lids and the eyeliner made the green in her eyes sparkle , and the peachy pink lipstick made her lips look soft and full .
the ocean was a soft green , reminding him of emma 's eyes .
color returned first , the green of her eyes guiding him back into himself .
hints of green and gold shimmered on the edges , reminding me of sunlight flooding a wooded glen .
i knew i looked good since my top contrasted nicely with my blonde hair and brought out the green of my eyes .
` ` the dress greens are especially nice . ''
our eyes connected , and i lost myself in his sea of green for a moment .
he turned and smiled at me , the soft light from an open door catching the green of his eyes .
one was blue and the other green .
the green of the grove had ended .
blues and greens that exemplified a tranquil , tropical , and relaxing vacation getaway stood in stark contrast with the howls and shrieks of the wind outside .
his green in his eyes looked strange against the bloodshot whites .
his dress shirt , this time a light green , was wrinkled , but he looked remarkably awake for having slept in a chair all night .
salmon - shirt was visibly quaking and turning a strange shade of pale green .
eyes that in the bright spring sunshine had surprised him with flecks of gold and amber amid the green .
show me where the green 's going . ''
` ` oh , right here ... i like this green , '' whispered matthew as he turned her to face him , looking into her beautiful green eyes .
the color made her skin look almost translucent while also bringing out the green in her eyes .
and i suspect that you also dislike collard greens as well . ''
a large dining room connected to a massive butler 's pantry with glorious storage space and then the large , gourmet kitchen with an eight eye stove , four ovens , three sink stations and plenty of counter space for a caterer to work with , not to mention more windows that looked out at an arbor covered in wisteria that was slowly fading from deep green to orange as it went dormant for the winter .
the woman was breathtakingly lovely with her soft green eyes that looked like the early spring green of moss on a hillside .
if a man like sam montrose wanted to marry me , i 'd be all over him like green on a leaf .
the eyes that had been a mossy green a moment ago were now sparkling emeralds and there was a little bit of color in her cheeks , making the porcelain - like skin glow .
victoria also bought two new suits , one in a soft yellow and another in a creamy green that brought out the green in her eyes .
victoria also bought two new suits , one in a soft yellow and another in a creamy green that brought out the green in her eyes .
she wore suits made out of silk and linen in soft , pretty shades of pink , yellow and mossy green , a green that perfectly matched her beautiful eyes , he remembered .
all of seventeen , with hair the same shade of green as the sprint car stuck up in clumps , beau pointed to the track and shook his head .
a flash of lime green caught her attention .
a large corner sofa done in a pale green looked wide enough for two people to sleep on .
her eyes met his , pale jades , olives and forest greens infusing the irises .
the plain black mask did little to diminish his looks ; it only enhanced the way his hair glittered in the light and the mesmerizing green of his eyes .
epilogue the town square of holland springs was awash in pinks , reds , and greens .
her bright orange hair was caught up in a bun , two chopsticks - one green and one red - holding it in place .
the green would contrast nicely against the bright orange .
the room was tastefully done in soft greens and rich creams , two of her favorite colors .
the rooms were big , the wood gleaming from polish and care and the walls were painted in a warm palate of blues and greens .
the walls were a pale green and boasted a mural she 'd painted herself while pregnant .
swiping two coats of mascara on both my upper and lower lashes making my eyes look like a fiery piercing golden green .
but then , that was before she folded her arms and took a deep , heated breath , her golden eyes becoming liquid gold , taking over the hints of green and amber .
except the accent wall showcasing his king sleigh bed was a deeper shade of green , and the accent lighting shed an intimate amber glow .
use collard greens instead . ''
she preferred electric blue or a spring green , both colors that brought out her eyes .
dozens of pillows , the colors of creamy butter , crimson , and a pale green had been placed on the couch to provide guests with added comfort .
the east gardens below were in full bloom , with splashes of pinks , reds , purples , yellows and greens .
she had always liked the gracious style of the place , its wide verandahs with their ornate white iron - lace finish and the old - fashioned bullnose iron roof which was painted the same dark green as the norfolk pines that stood in the grounds .
amazingly she had picked up all the pieces at auction and she loved how right the arrangement looked to her eyes ; the three chesterfields upholstered in shades of cream and peach and a very pastel apple - green , the marble coffee tables with their subtle swirls of peach , the complementary pattern in the main floor rug ... but the lawyer from brazil was not admiring any of this .
that was obviously the outfit she 'd so carefully put together ; the long floaty skirt in a pretty floral pattern of greens and pinks , a woven pink - tan belt circling her hips , a dark green cropped cotton singlet , several long gold chains dangling from her neck , gold hoops in her ears and high - heeled dark green sandals on her feet .
to her left , bradfield park offered the peaceful green of newly mown lawns , invitingly shadowed by the great coat - hanger bridge that dominated the skyline , feeding the city with an endless stream of commuter traffic .
then the fireworks began , shooting up from the great stone pylons that supported the bridge - huge explosive bursts of stars , balls of brilliant colour growing bigger and bigger before showering the sky with a brilliant rain of sparks , the whole skyline erupting in a wildly splendid mingling of reds and blues and greens and gold and silver .
the dress she was wearing was a knockout - a stunning combination of colours that brought out the green in her eyes , and was styled to stir the juices of any red - blooded male .
at least the denim did n't invite the pinching she had sometimes been subjected to in the streets of sydney while waiting for a pedestrian traffic light to change to green .
she wore a more modest bikini in a pretty apple green , a zimmerman design featuring feminine little frills on the side of the bra and across her hipline , bought by dante but chosen by her .
your skin is pale enough for red to look great with it and such a positive contrast would bring out the green in your eyes . '
' and accentuate the green in her eyes . '
another deep breath , causing a definite swell in the mounds under the clingy sweater which was a striking jewel green , somewhere between jade and emerald , a rich kind of medieval colour .
' i like green on you , ' he argued back .
her cheeks bloomed with colour , making the green of her eyes more pronounced - eyes that had unmistakably telegraphed interest in him .
it was a deep jade green - deeper than the shades of green on the cupboard doors in the dressing - room - and so plush it felt like velvet underfoot .
dressing up the double glass doors that opened onto the pergola area outside were silk side curtains in the dark and light green , looped into a graceful drape with gold cord and tassles , an expanse of ivory organza in between , all hanging on a long gold rod with elaborate scrolls at both ends .
' i ' m thinking of recarpeting in green . '
one morning she found a selection of carpet samples in various shades of green laid out in front of the staircase with a note attached-'which one would you choose to live with ? '
for a moment i am distracted by the picture she makes standing in the agreeably english decor of traditional prints and chintzes teamed with bold choices of acid greens and schiaparelli pinks .
billie slides open a cupboard and takes out a purple t - shirt that screams i might say yes in green and a pair of banana yellow jeans .
i lie in my bed and watch the low - lying mist shroud the vast expanse of green outside this dreadful mad house until the phones by the nurses ' station have stopped ringing .
her gaze locked with his and he told himself to pay no attention to the brilliant green of her eyes or the worried twist of her mouth .
then he let himself go , falling into the green of her eyes and the warmth of her body .
he just found it hard to understand anyone who did n't love being up in the air , surrounded by clouds , with the ground no more than a smudge of green beneath you .
the walls were a pale hospital green and the carpet was multicolored , probably in an attempt to keep it from showing wear over the years .
she looked up at him and he knew he could lose himself in the deep , summer green of her eyes .
although i ' m thinking that maybe i 'll have them paint the walls a cool green instead of the pale yellow . ''
` ` like green , do you ? ''
in the sudden silence , he stared down at her and lost himself for a second in the deep green of her eyes .
nine she stared up at him and colt felt as if he could drown in the green of her eyes .
he came onto the field looking as lethal as royce in the macpherson colors of dark green and gold , his horse at a ground - eating trot .
her eyes were n't the green of india jade ; she did n't took at him with that teasing , appraising , impudent sidewise glance ; she did n't tremble in his arms with shy , awakening emotions that she could n't identify .
while clayton tied their horses , whitney stood , gazing out across the wooded valleys , trying to imagine how they would look in the lush greens of summer or the vibrant red - gold of autumn .
hodgkin tipped his head to the side , trying to imagine how he would look wearing the elegant langford livery of green and gold , but his vision seemed to blur and waver .
` ` or the dark green , perhaps ? ''
the persian carpet beneath her feet was patterned in pale green and rose on a cream background .
with the folder in hand , she started for the door , then she turned and added , ` ` call sam green and ask him to be available to meet with me as soon as i finish with the board of directors .
will you call sam green and ask him to bring the thorp contracts ? ''
she returned from the kitchen while he was still reading thetribune article , walking toward him in tan - colored jeans and a soft cashmere sweater that was the same green as her eyes , with an open cowl neck that threatened to bare her shoulders .
his thick hair was coal black , his piercing eyes the green of india jade , his lips firm and sensually molded .
the flowers on the hill , he suddenly noticed with dazzling clarity , were indeed white - a joyous , cheery carpet of white against dark green .
but her eyes were her most striking feature ; beneath delicately winged eyebrows long , curly lashes fringed eyes that were a vivid , startling green .
ian 's gaze shifted from the last button on his glove to the innkeeper , who was now bowing reverently , then snapped to the doorway , where two footmen and a coachman stood at rigid attention , clad in formal livery of green and gold .
this close he , could see the tiny flecks of green in them as well as her incredibly long eyelashes .
forest green or more of a lime green ? ''
` ` forest green , '' she mumbled like an idiot unable to look away from his intense eyes .
the ones you see are in forest green , but they also come in black as well as brown .
the new lighter shade of green brightened the room but did n't look quite right .
fareed had said those were the aal zaafers ' tribal patterns and colors , intricate combinations of stripes and rhomboids , in vibrant crimsons , gold and greens .
as the cat rushed to join alex in play , aristedes straightened and the vast space that she 'd furnished in bright blues and greens seemed to shrink .
in the most revealing close - ups they 'd been a mundane green .
reds and purples and greens .
looking up into his face , she caught the flare of green in his eyes just before she heard her case hit the ground .
' not hate , ' he denied , holding her dark eyes with his own disturbingly perplexed ocean green .
he recognised his bowtie holding her hair back and his eyelashes flickered across the darkening green of his eyes .
dylan 's smile was delicious - the green of both ocean and forest in his eyes , and the heat in their depths sparkled .
she was also wearing a killer dress in a deep green that was perfect for her .
she was wearing jeans that made her legs seem a million miles long and an emerald green , sleeveless top that showed off her toned arms .
he pointed to the right , out my window , at a patch of green in the distance .
it was only when she was awake and i saw the flash of green in her eyes that i knew she had a little devil in her , a little gift from her dad .
of course , jack was completely blind to it , because he had that exact same flash of green in his own eyes .
her gaze , avid to soak in more of his privacies and secrets , had just registered the slashes of bold decor , gradations of dark grays and greens with accents of hardwood the color of his eyes when her wandering ones came to a hiccupping halt .
she was in a low - cut , sleeveless satin nightdress in dazzling blues and greens and oranges , echoing the exuberance of the room 's furnishings .
although bloodshot , they glowed an eerie green , smoldered down at her with anxiety and ... guilt ?
in the near distance , central park was a splash of green already touched with autumn - red and orange , a vibrant burst of color in a concrete jungle .
the back had looked like modern art , in a pallet of greens , yellows , and blacks .
my eyes looked clear , the green more vivid .
the material was a rich green that complemented my gown , the edges lined with what had to be real emeralds .
the mask was gone , the midafternoon sun blazed into the room , and his eyes looked like green caught on fire .
mallory met his eyes and was caught up in their multifaceted beauty , all royal blue with hints of darkest green .
his eyes shone a troubled green , and his mouth set itself in a line .
the light changed to green , and i was relieved of the weight of his stare .
the room was n't well lit , but i saw the green in his eyes where the lights from the parking lot cut through the window blinds .
the city streaked by in swashes of grey , blots of billboard colors , and flecks of palm - tree green .
he wore a boutonniere in his uniform , a little white carnation wrapped in green and fastened with a pearl - head straight pin .
i tidy up after beatrice , hand wash irene 's fine silk - and - lace underclothes from france , and get her into a fancy dinner dress - this one in a sea green that 's even more unkind to her complexion than the yellow was .
while she spoke , she pulled various flowers and greens out of plastic buckets .
caitlyn , a lovely twenty - two - year - old who had a way with greens , poked her head in .
instead , he smiled , his green eyescrinkling up at the corners , his white teeth a beautiful contrast to his deeply tanned skin .
some new furniture , a lighter shade of green on the porch , but otherwise like time was standing still .
isabel was standing in the paint aisle of the hardware store staring at a dozen different greens that all looked the same when connor came fast around the corner .
grease over greens .
i got saddled with green this year , which is just about my least favorite color .
his eyes were that impossible green that made you think he was wearing contact lenses .
she was trapped by his eyes , which were such a deep green they were almost emerald .
trey 's wet eyes were the green of grass .
solar panels enhanced the energy conservation of the three - foot walls , but living green had n't been his incentive for buying it .
it was a boy fairy , dressed like robin hood in forest green .
any woman who looked good in drab hospital green had potential .
with the new hairstyle and the makeup , this dress brings out the green in your eyes . ''
` ` the light ivory will bring out the green in your eyes . ''
i ' m sorry , ... '' dardennes looked at the green elf expectantly .
i think i 'd like to try that sometime ... getting lost in the green for a while . ''
the green was strong out here and seemed as if it were waiting anxiously for me to connect .
already i felt its presence in the green ; it was always there waiting for me to reach in and connect .
you ' ve said it before - all of the living beings are connected in the green .
chapter eleven i pulled the green up into me without thinking , tapping into the ley line so fast and without any finesse at all , that it sent my element into a frenzy .
i closed my eyes to shut out the visions of this scary guy in front of me , showing the green that i wanted it to go back where it had come from , picturing it leaving my surroundings and going back into the earth .
i had to stop a moment once we were in the trees a bit to release the green from holding maggie , calling it into me rather than letting it dissipate back into the earth .
i tried to pull the green up into me , but where it usually waited for me to connect , right now there was nothing , just an empty void .
i turned my attention back to tony , while translating tim 's reaction to the envious green elf .
once we were both in place , i pulled the covers up to our necks , and then reached into the green to bring its healing energy to my friend .
i let the green go back into the earth so it would be just the two of us .
i smiled , imagining him floating around in the green .
` ` i hope that will tide you over for a while , '' i said , pulling a little of the green into me to help me over the hump of tiredness i was suddenly feeling .
i pulled the green into me and threw up a shield between samantha and me .
i slowly lowered the power shield between us , but did n't let my hold on the green go .
i can feel you in the green , samantha . ''
i pulled the green fully up into me and then asked water to join the earth 's power that was humming through my body .
the wind died down to nothing and the only sound i could hear now was the roar of the oceans i commanded and the hum of the green in me , the cracking of its energy surrounding us .
i looked around , but i could n't see anything but greens and blues swirling in the space surrounding me .
` ` heal him with the green , '' said scrum , running up to kneel at my side .
send him some of the green .
i asked , laughing bitterly as i reached out for the green and asked it , begged it , to heal the father of the fae .
i pulled the green up into me with the plan to power - shield myself until i was out of the room , but as soon as the cloak began to shimmer with its light , the sounds came again .
i still had the green linked up and the turquoise swirls in the cloak were making me queasy .
i ca n't get the green in there to help you out . ''
ben was trying to pull his hand out of my grasp , but i held on tighter , using the green to bind us together .
the reds and oranges of fire tangled in with the silver and black of wind , the blues and greens making varying shades of turquoise as earth and water danced together .
i wasted no time wading into the fray myself , pulling the green up into me just in case i might need it and holding my fang out in front as a deterrent to keep the monsters at bay .
water was next , weaving in with the green , bringing a roar of sheer power that filled my ears and made my heart soar along its waves .
i could n't see him anymore , the space around me just a blur of blues and greens .
i tapped into the earth element again , pulling some of the green to me as a security blanket of sorts .
i touched the green earlier , and it was yucky . ''
i crashed through the trees and underbrush , the going much harder without the green helping me along .
` ` use the green !
i was tempted to bring the green up , but then i knew that would be a mistake - the actions of a spoiled child .
asked the green elf across the room .
the green is pretty gross over there .
i stepped back , getting ready to bring the green into me .
` ` like using the green to send your werewolf ears into crazyland . ''
but just in case , i brought a little of the green into me .
` ` oh , man , i ' ve missed the way you smell and look when you have the green in you . ''
i pulled the green from the light in my hands and added to it , putting a shield around myself and my friends , including the fake demon - spike .
i chanted several more reassuring lines to myself until i felt confident enough to try my hand at teleporting souls , and then i asked the green what torrie had asked me to .
earth element and the power of the green , i ask that you send the demon torrence silverthorn back where he belongs .
she struggled to get free , but i 'd made sure to let her know i meant business , adding a little of the green to the knots so there 'd be no way she could get free from them .
a hand took my arm , and i spun sideways , pulling blackie out and drawing the green up into me so fast , i did n't even have time to think about it .
i drew the green up into me , surrounding both of us with its healing energy .
i tapped into the green with my mind , asking for it to reach out and find the angel with the great big white wings and the sword at his side .
a sizzle of the green came with it , making me feel instantly lighter .
i pulled the green up into me and had to immediately set the brakes on it , it was so powerful here and bubbling with enthusiasm to overtake me .
i sent some of the green up into our joined hands , causing both of us to catch our breaths .
and then i felt something in the green .
i felt the magic surround us , amplified by the green .
i pulled the green into me , letting its pure , warm light fill me to the brim .
` ` i ' m going to send out a signal through the green , '' i said , looking at aidan .
i ' m going to stand out in the meadow , tap into the green , and send out a signal that 'll go through the whole forest .
i saw in my mind the green flowing into and out of me like blood in arteries and veins and capillaries .
i closed my eyes and reached out through the green for the ones i knew i could find .
i 'd forgotten to tell the green to let the damn blade go .
i could feel his arms around me like tight bands that would be impossible to break without the green 's help .
i called out to the green and transmitted a message .
robin of the green had told me at a minimum a scout should come back with locations of entrances and exits , estimates of firepower , and positions of threats and guards .
blues and greens burst from my irises and melded with the ring of fire that slowly closed in on us .
i disconnected , letting the green go back into the earth , and stepped over to detach my friend .
beiges and soft greens seemed to be the theme of the apartment .
same green .
he wanted to wear a new italian suit in leaf green that he saw in a shop in milan . ''
the vibrant green of the vine tattoo popped in the dim light , and i traced its outline with my fingertip , feeling relaxed and lazy and so very comfortable with this man .
but while my head might know that , the rest of me was turning a jealous green as verdant as my suit .
` ` these browns and greens are a perfect complement to the peach and pinks over here . ''
we are standing still at an intersection , and now the light in front of us changes to green .
burgundies , dark blue , greens .
he pushed a button on a panel outside the shower - room ; the bathroom dimmed , and a set of soft multicolored lights set into the floor and walls of the shower came on , playing into the streams of water , making one jet crimson , another azure , a third hunter green .
from top of the hill we had an open view of the land surrounding us for miles , trees off to our left , an endless bank of wind - blown green .
he looked movie - star handsome in a pair of khakis that fit his lean hips to perfection , a casual green and ivory button - down shirt with a white t - shirt beneath it .
she looked him square in the eyes ; her pretty greens were tinged with sadness and a trace of fear .
she walked through the fall morning mist , staring at the endless beauty before her , at the pinwheel of colors - rich purples , pale blues , emerald greens .
no horrible pastels like mint green or peach .
the one closest to where i sat looked to be a tropical setting , and the artist had chosen iridescent blues and greens for the water lapping up on the beach .
` ` the room could be painted white with a dash of vibrant greens and yellows . ''
his eyes clouded with barely any of his emerald greens showing as they thunderously sliced me in to two while he brought his face a hairsbreadth away from my own .
strolling towards the door as i held the bottle in my left hand , i took a dragged intake of breath as i gradually opened it just as i started saying , ` ` ashton , it 's late , could we please do this some other time when i have the energy to listen to- '' my words became suspended mid - sentence when my gaze landed on greens and not the usual blues i was so accustomed to .
his eyes zeroed in on me , the emerald greens pulling me in .
oh , he could see a lot of the green of tierney 's eyes under these lights .
tierney stared at him , eyes big and bottomless , nearly pure green .
the foie gras had been lightly sauteed and served on a simply dressed bed of greens .
one year it was gold and silver , the next green and red .
gingerbread scented candles mingled their sweetness with the crisp piney greens .
horrific greens morphed into sodden blues of terror .
there was a hunger in those brilliant greens that was hard to ignore .
though he clearly shaved , his strong jaw smoother looking that last night , his eyes were still a vibrant green made more dazzling in the bright light filtering through the large windows .
i opened my eyes and found preston kneeling before me , those blazing greens burning bright with what almost looked like worry .
the grass is an unnatural vibrant green that seems to glow brighter under the dismal gray sky .
` ` tegs green , meet amery hardwick . ''
a collective gasp echoed in the room as the neon green glow- in - the - dark rope he used on amery outlined her body in luminescence , creating the effect of a mermaid .
the green in his eyes glowed against the stark black and white of his perfectly tailored tuxedo .
the walls were deep hunter green , the fabrics a mix of browns , tans and golds , the carpet a sandy beige .
his eyes were soft , a luminous green , nearly hypnotic .
the greens looked like wilted dandelion leaves .
the huge swath of green among the dusty hues of the desert was a little surreal .
he 'd painted the walls a khaki green , weird for a kitchen in his opinion , but it was what sierra wanted .
dalton squinted at the table in front of them after he saw a flash of green .
she 'd bought new sheets , cream - colored linen with pale lilac and mint green flowers , and added a chenille bedspread in the same soft green .
` ` it was lime - icky green and i looked like a sick pistachio .
never seen the vibrant green of the moss on the stump by his dock .
it faded to form a young , beautiful woman with dark red hair , fair skin , and the green , swirling eyes of a goddess .
she could swear his eyes were an exact match for vane 's hazel green , and the way he looked at her at them it was as if he understood exactly what they were saying and doing .
the ebony color really brought out the green of his eyes .
like bryani , half of the old man 's face was covered with an eerie green tattoo .
the vivid green of her eyes .
no longer black , his eyes had turned to a peculiar hazel green that practically glowed .
alexion 's eyes glowed an eerie , supernatural green .
his black brows slashed above eyes that were a peculiar hazel green .
one of the two women was even taller than geary , with black hair streaked with bright green .
her hair was pulled back into a ponytail , and the green seemed to be snakes .
sharp brows arched over eyes that were a pale green .
the rays illuminated the bleak landscape and painted it in bright greens and yellows .
` ` i 'd like that even better , but heis dressed in holiday green .
xirena 's hair was blond , and she was dressed in dark green and gold .
the leaves were a bright , breathtaking green that was punctuated by the golden apples that burst with sweet , succulent taste .
blues , greens , reds , and oranges burned in the fire , entrancing her like a melody for the eyes .
seth studied the sedate room that was decorated in greens and yellows .
even seated and dressed in dark green , he had an aura about him that said he was every bit as lethal , if not more so , than the rest of the males in the room .
they were clear and the lightest , prettiest shade of green she 'd ever seen , with just a hint of a brown band around the outer edge of the iris .
like him , she had golden - blond hair , but her eyes were the same color green as his twin sister , artemis .
even pete 's eyes were a brownish green .
by the time the beladors had realized her eyes were the pale green of an alterant , she had n't shifted or posed a danger .
tristan stopped short , eyes glowing a hot green .
her eyes glowed a brilliant green .
he did n't know my eyes were an unnatural alterant green because my eyes are so sensitive i always wear sunglasses , even in the dark . ''
one had skin a putrid shade of green .
the fey 's eyes turned forest green with anger .
she still had only one eye , but it was striking - olive green with sweeping lashes .
sorcery sparked around her , growing and growing , blazing out from her like dawn - pure , pristine blue overwhelming rancid green .
i ' m sure there are a million things i want to see from the window - the city , the architecture , the vibrant green i can almost feel in the light coming into the cab - but i ' m shaking and sweaty and barely conscious .
beyond our narrow street the world outside is an almost blinding intrusion of greens and blues .
i nod urgently and his pupils dilate , a drop of ink into the green and i can actually see his pulse pick up .
a wide lawn spreads out on both sides of the stone walkway , and the front door is painted a deep green .
if ragnor was around he would have laughed , but ragnor had disappeared to a spa in switzerland for a series of complicated facials meant to bring out the green in his complexion .
her eyes under the bright porch light were a strange amber green .
he was standing on a bare metal catwalk painted a dull green .
she glanced at herself in the mirror and was pleasantly surprised - the green made her red hair stand out and brightened the color of her eyes .
the road they were on narrowed as they headed out of town , and now there were banks of thick trees on either side of them , walls of green that blocked any wider view .
the trees lining the meadow had put on their brightest colors and circled the green in blazing gold , red , copper , and russet orange .
the air was crisp and morning - clean , the leaves already thickly covering the pavement in sheets of red , gold , and dark green .
the walls were painted a sickly pale green .
her skin was milk - pale , threaded with veins the clear green of sap , and her blond hair had the same greenish tint .
they were exactly the shapes and colors that would suit her - blues and greens and yellows , cut for a petite frame .
made the most of her small figure , clinging to her waist , darkening the green of her eyes .
jace and clary spent the day wandering - through mazelike tiny streets than ran along canals whose water ranged from deep green to murky blue .
shadows moved in the green of her irises ; he could tell she was afraid .
small glowing flowers , like electric daisies , grew in among the moss , starring the green with white .
a chagall - clary 's favorite , all soft roses and blues and greens , incongruous against the apartment 's modernity .
the air was still bitter , the sky a sallow green .
a second faerie knight , this one a woman with armor of pale green , carrying a shield of overlapping carved leaves .
he wore a military uniform in dark green .
there was a stack of unisex shirts with the words route 375 : extraterrestrial highway emblazoned in a bold green across the front .
his eyes flashed an intense green as he physically lifted me away from him , setting me back down a good foot back .
challenge flared , deepening the hue of his eyes to a forest green , and a burst of excitement went off inside me like a firecracker .
he asked , eyes burning a luminous green .
they fell like rain , clouding the sky in muted browns and greens .
the faint green of her aura was also gone .
i always envied that he got to be the leaves of the tree , because green was my favorite color growing up .
they were just talking to green .
i realized green was walking her over to me .
i asked , keeping my grin in place so i did n't scare her with the snarl i was tempted to give green .
i started to say something to green , who was really nice and who i had felt comfortable with right away .
` ` she 's not one of- '' green started , but krit was in his face immediately .
` ` you wo n't do anything to green then ? ''
anyone with the name green sounded unstable , but i did n't say anything .
i glanced back at riley and davey to see that my brother and green were back with them .
i looked at green this time .
it 's the exact same door , only now it 's painted black instead of forest green .
` ` so this is what a theater looks like , '' i murmured , taking in the splendid green , blue , and gold decor .
` ` no , that shade of green is n't flattering , '' fiona mumbled , coming over to rub my back .
` ` sorry , '' she muttered with a sheepish smile , her irises quickly reverting to their girlish green .
slowly , her eyes returned to their normal beautiful olive green .
she 's a pretty , young woman , her long , light brown hair pulled back in a ponytail , her eyes a mesmerizing leafy green .
cary 's eyes closed , shuttering the vivid green of his irises .
the burning green of the garden seemed to fold into one great veil .
and he had loved all that , those brownish reds and olive greens and steel grays , but here one had to think of another word for the ashen twilight and the deep green gloom , the shades of darkness that hovered about the violet house with its bright painted shutters .
ah , the little people were there , garbed in green so that they would blend with the leaves and the bracken .
her hair was thick and pale blond , clustered in delicate icy curls around her nape ; her eyes were a luminous green that shone like a cat 's .
he drew out the chain that hung around his neck , and tessa saw that the flash of green she 'd noticed before was a green stone pendant in the shape of a closed hand .
the cluviel dor was a creamy green and looked not unlike a slightly thick powder compact , which was why i kept it in my makeup drawer .
the downpour had washed everything , cooled the air , and renewed the green of the grass and the trees .
i pulled it out and gazed down at it , the pale green soothing any anxiety i had about the day to come .
the creamy green glowed .
she was so beautiful , her eyes a brilliant green surrounded by thick , ebony lashes .
the fire that was burning in the grate of monday and brown 's belched and twisted in a flurry of greens and scarlets , topped with a fizz of silver twinkles , of the kind one can make for oneself at the parlor fire with a handful of tossed iron filings .
they were filled to the brim with tears and the brightest green he 'd ever seen .
the eyes that flickered over him appraisingly were an impossible green .
his were the most startling green she 'd ever seen .
he narrowed his gaze , the black irises intermittently flashing with that piercing green .
it glittered like an opal ; the multiple auras of the seven people gave it shifting bands of blues , greens , and golds .
the family resemblance was obvious , from their red hair to the deep green of their eyes , skin so pale as to make their lips blood - red .
she shrieked , her eyes shifting to a pale green .
beneath it , its own castoff twigs and leaves littered the ground , looking disorderly after the pristine green about the other trees .
` ` well , '' i hedged , not more confident in this than he was , ` ` the green goes with the floor , but i 'd go with the taupe .
his eyes met mine , the green of them almost gray in the light .
belle said , a pale green coming to color her face , a fairy 's version of a flush , perhaps .
i said as i dropped the humming phone into my lap and snatched up an amulet , not believing it when the green held steady .
my pulse jumped when the amulet glowed a brighter green .
his grip on his walking cane tightened , and i noticed he was wearing gloves again , their white starchiness bright against the velvet green of his coat and his brilliant vest and dark trousers .
jenks 's dust shifted from an uneasy green to a more neutral silver .
quen 's was a dull green that mutated to red , then an orange as i watched .
browns , golds , and greens mimicked a primeval forest , and plush , sinking textures made it a close , secure space .
reds , blues , greens , oranges , and even browns and gold , just like auras , they swirled together but never mixed .
no longer in his usual gardener green , or even his alternate thief - black , skintight ensemble , he all but strutted a few steps , clearly liking the sound of the bells that belle had sewn into the top of his new boots that she 'd made to go with his new black jacket and pants .
he was dusting a silver green i 'd never seen before , and i came forward , pleading with my eyes .
jenks was dusting a sour green in the corner , as far from me as he could get .
i ' m sorry , '' he said , and then i cowered as i felt a huge tug on me and quen 's bubble flashed into existence , glittering a fabulous green before it faded .
i shouted , and the pixy darted up , his dust an irate green .
a gritty red haze overlaid itself across the quiet green , making the trees look black .
but his eyes would be a brighter green .
jenks took to the air , his dust an eerie green .
` ` are we in the green ?
it was n't hard to do , but i did n't do it often , not liking the red - smeared , gritty vision overlaid on the green of reality .
al 's voice was low , distant almost as he touched a coiled fern frond and it gracefully unrolled with the sound of green .
she opened the door to show her bedroom , the cool grays and soothing greens lit by a battery - powered lantern hanging from the dark light fixture .
his eyes were a rainbow of colors , from the lightest of blues to the darkest of greens , with shades of pink and purple thrown into the mix .
nicola stood there , amazed by the beauty , watching as the sun set on the horizon , reds and pinks forming , creating the perfect contrast to the lush greens and blues of the sloping land .
vibrant greens and blues melded earth and sea .
bright lights pulsed on her right , a twinkling kaleidoscope of pinks , blues , and greens , blurring together as she raked her brain for an excuse .
michael 's lips twitched , and amusement turned his hazel eyes to a bright , vivid green .
not his wife 's , i noticed , but his own , a room with masculine decor in dark shades of greens and blues .
the green in her eyes had dulled , and her skin had turned so pallid he 'd seen the blue of her veins .
she did n't bother flipping through the colors again , but snatched up the green .
thank god for sensors that did more than differentiate between green and red .
though his features had been painted with a brush of youth , he appeared beyond ancient , the wintry green of his eyes seeing everything , missing nothing .
their eyes met , a clash of green against that otherworldly blue - a blue currently fogged with the determination he 'd heard as well as the terror he 'd sensed .
her eyes were hazel , a deep green flecked with golden brown .
his eyes were still a mesmerizing green , and helped anchor her in reality rather than sinking into the past as that metal - spiked tail clanged back and forth , back and forth .
annabelle switched on a light , and when the human saw who held him - and who watched him - he stilled , his skin turning a putrid shade of green .
the green deepened .
something murky and dangerous shimmered in torin 's eyes , something bitter , turning the green to a poisonous emerald .
all under the constant swirl of multicolored strobes , casting a sparkling shower of pinks , blues and greens .
their eyes met , his a worried green , hers a relieved blue .
thick trees knifed toward the sky , obscuring visibility , but there , amid the dappled greens and browns , he could just make out a figure draped in white .
soon steam was wafting from the leafy greens , limiting their range of vision .
the shades enveloped them like a second skin , the female 's white , one of the males ' red , one black and one a pale green .
in an instant , the world around him became painted with bright green .
contacts dusted the green with glitter .
his skin was chalk white , and his eyes so light a green they would have reminded her of diamonds set inside polished jade if they had possessed any kind of sparkle .
as her skin turned a putrid shade of green , she ran as fast as her feet would carry her to the nearest receptacle , where she vomited the entire contents of her stomach ... and maybe even the stomach itself .
i walk outside and the green on the trees seems greener , so potent i can almost taste it .
his eyes are my mother 's eyes - a dull green , almost gray , though his blue shirt makes their color appear more potent .
most of the people walking the halls wear variations of the same uniform - it comes in dark blue or dull green , and some of them wear the jackets or jumpsuits or sweatshirts open , revealing t - shirts of a wide variety of colors , some with pictures drawn on them .
they are white and pale blue and dull green , and they draw me to them by some strange magnetism .
she too wore a santa - style hat , this one green to match the elf getup , sporting a big fluffy white fur ball at the point .
solid blackness had replaced the lush greens of the jungle and night had set in .
through his eyes , she saw the brilliant emerald greens of the trees and the perfection of the pristine blue sky .
so much lush , delightful , vivid green !
his eyes were the most amazing swirls of tropical greens and blues .
it was then that i noticed his eyes were an inconceivable amalgamation of light blues and greens , almost iridescent .
at the far end of the room was a large panoramic window overlooking a never - ending stretch of rolling desert with the only green in sight being the impressive saguaro cacti .
nick cleared his throat , his piercing eyes vacillating between the deepest shades of green and aquamarine .
his angry eyes , a fierce , iridescent turquoise green very similar to kinich 's , were nothing shy of scary .
they had specs of green that seemed to dance around the pupils .
she snapped her legs shut as his gaze turned from a deep olive green to charcoal black .
his tongue was a grayish green .
his eyelids fluttered and his irises slowly faded back to their magnificent olive green with specs of gold and golden brown .
the bloodshot whites made their greenish - hazel color look more like sad , drab army green .
i saw grays and greens , calm cool colors swirling about the walls .
the colors were a combination of warm golds and soft greens .
i held up my hand , indicating the huge green ' x ' that let everyone and their brother know i was underage .
` ` it will take more than damien green to devastate me , '' i leaned in and whispered in jaz 's ear .
i was officially done talking about damien freaking green .
of course that would n't happen because not even my look of death could discourage damien green and his mission to whittle down my resolve to have nothing to do with him .
` ` this is beautiful , '' i said , looking at the picture of a ballroom decorated in rich blues and greens in a rendition of a sea scene .
` ` is that a green cummerbund ? ''
` ` fair enough , '' he says and then leans forward , close enough that i can make out the green of his eyes .
the sink 's faucet is a dull green , and the only light still working is the one hanging over the oven .
the hallways are eggshell blue instead of the old hunter green , and the stairs beneath my feet have been varnished to a different woody hue .
the vibrant green had waned from his eyes as christopher had lost the last bit of his childhood , his innocence replaced with pain .
discomfort lined her face , the green of her eyes subdued .
in the dim light , her hair was the deepest black , her eyes a searing green .
the intense green slipped all over me , memorizing , searching my face in the shadows like maybe she was needing reassurance of the same thing .
the most intense green stared out from between two wilted petals on the dying rose sealed on the center of his chest .
every scenario seemed to flip through the green of her eyes , every worry and distrust she 'd ever harbored for me clawing to the forefront of her thoughts .
sympathy dimmed the vibrant green of her eyes and darkened them with concern .
the green of his eyes locked on the numbers stamped across my knuckles .
she watched me touching her , loving her , the green of her eyes dark , consumed , filled with need , burning with outright desire .
christopher laughed through the line , and i could almost see the smirk climb to his face , the mischief in the green of his vibrant eyes .
red tiles covered the pitched roof , and the shutters and trim were painted a dark green .
they were pretty much all the same as my dad 's , just different colours ; some grey , some olive green , but mostly white .
the pattering sound around us became louder then , drowned out for a second by a flock of birds bursting through the canopy above us - colouring the sky in reds and greens .
but the gem - like green of david 's eyes stood out among the pale colours , as if he was backlit by the brightest star in the sky .
he appeared in front of me , eyes wide , pupils completely swallowing the green .
he looked up from the bruising , the promise of his words filling out the green in his eyes again .
and you 're right , it 'll look great with the green . ''
i spun around to protest against his pet name , but all my anger dissipated as liquid adoration melted the green in his eyes .
as our eyes met , a flash of sadness turned his pale green .
his eyes changed colour around his words , just like they did in the storage closet at school ; the green became darker , encircling the growing pupil , almost entirely consuming the whites of his eyes .
through the whir of the world spinning around me , i turned my head and looked up into david 's eyes , filling with that amazing , almost transparent shade of green , but brighter than ever before - dorothy 's emerald city illustrated in the gaze of a vampire .
his eyes brimmed with liquid , making the green appear as colour among the greys .
jason 's head moved at a fraction of an inch , the green in his eyes occupying the corners .
the sky went on forever over a darker blue in the distance , what i assumed was the ocean , and the gardens mike mentioned earlier shone proudly below us ; greens and creams of grass and stone paths , and sprinklings of colour from cherry blossom trees and rose bushes .
when the setting sun reached the greens of summer on this side of the manor , turning them orange and pink as it creeped closer and closer to the ocean behind the trees , i turned to arthur , a question on my lips i knew i should n't ask ; ` ` arthur ? ''
outside , a rainy sky darkened the greens , making the hedge labyrinth , the garden that looked like a chessboard and the forest border look richly coloured - something toned by enhancing the hues artificially .
i 'd seen the wall that bordered it from my balcony , but could never see inside - the gardens hidden under the pinks of cherry blooms and the greens of leafy trees .
chapter seven the early morning sun shone down on the colours in the dome above my bed , making the eyes of what i 'd recently concluded was drake , and the greens of the gardens around little lili rich and bright .
i thought back to the school football field - david 's secret smile , his hair with the gold tones in the summer sun and the vibrant green of his eyes that turned blue when we made love .
he looked me in the eye , the pupil small and black , swimming in the green .
he stepped closer , the green in his wondering eyes reflecting the glowing orb of blue he was staring at .
i watch happily as he rides away , vera spluttering all the way back down the street , a flash of red against the green of the shady oak trees and overgrown front lawns .
on hot summer days like this , it 's our town 's main respite : sitting lazily at the base of turner 's hill , the lake clear and blue and edged with the thick green of grass and more trees .
i found empty room after empty room and there were only a handful of windows on the whole floor , it seemed - but from those few i could just about see over the tree - tops to the sea , a thin blue strip sandwiched between the green of the trees and the silvery lining of the sky .
the green of his eyes was brighter , standing out more against the white .
she pinned me to the wall , her eyes a blazing jaded green , mixed with the awful crimson , pupils contracting as her eyes constricted to black and back .
i watched , eyes stinging , as his eyes regained their usual emerald green , if a little more luminous than usual ; less rich .
this time i did n't reply and stared at the blotched patches of green through the windowpane , as the rain fell harder and the colours of the forest became one even emerald shade , matching kaspar 's eyes .
it was a scrubland ; another planet , with a dull palette of gray granite and withered , muted greens and browns .
he asked as ty led him to an old green and tan ford bronco .
zane made a quick study of the finely appointed dining room - also decorated in greens and golds for the holidays - as the hostess led them to a table seating four other diners .
his eyes were a deep green in the sunlight .
right now the debate was whether the tip of the dart had hit the green or the red .
his eyes were a deep green , trending toward blue today , and though the uniform seemed to do something spectacular to his bearing , the air around him felt worn thin and stretched .
his eyes were a sparkling green , and they flashed angrily .
harrison frowned and looked out at the view of the sprawling hill country : acres and acres of unrelenting , rolling green , covered with prickly pear cactus and scrub trees that made passage on foot nearly impossible .
beside that was a tiny table with two celery green padded chairs , and a sink below open shelves that held dishes .
she had her mother 's white - blonde hair , and her eyes appeared to be turning that particular grady green that seemed to serve as nature 's warning to other creatures .
amelia was only fifteen months old , but between the auburn hair and eyes the same unusual hazel green as ty 's , she was going to be one killer little lady when she grew up .
she was tan and fit with an athletic , curvy build and delicate features , and her eyes were a deep green .
laken turns on the lights revealing a dingy room , orange carpets , a pea green bedspread with a rotary phone tucked on the nightstand .
they were the ones with home libraries , velvet furniture , rooms painted hunter green with oil paintings hung over the fireplace .
ally complies and lies belly down over the green felt .
the artist chose a motley palate of blistering reds , sepias , and caustic greens to bring his scaly form to life .
her eyes glow a strange nuclear green , a wicked grin flirts with her lips .
he taps the computerized dash glowing an eerie green .
the walls are painted the same cheery green as the kitchen with oversized dots bouncing around the room .
he murmured , the green in his eyes dominating the honey brown as he snaked an arm around my waist and took in the dress on my body again .
again , i could not help but notice how the green of his dominated the brown in them .
he asked , as i watched the green in his hazel eyes begin to take over the brown .
she 's made my eyes look all smokey and sultry , accentuating the green in them .
it has beautiful , inviting linens and pillows in shades of browns and greens .
i bring up nate 's number on speed dial and my thumb hovers over the green send button but then i decide against it and power down the screen .
` ` the green in this dress makes your eyes shine , '' he whispers and licks my chest across the top of my dress .
the room was lovely , decorated in soft pale greens accented with white cornices and stately yet comfy - looking furniture .
the floors were littered with rugs , all of different sizes , most of them large and thick and elaborately woven in browns , rusts and greens .
it , too , had diamond - paned windows but the glass was multi - colored in ambers , reds and greens and it had a furry paw with sharp claws painted on its suspended shingle .
the soft fall of material was heavy enough to open the front wide , exposing a skin - tight army green camisole underneath .
covering her body with his , his hands framed her face , his eyes caught hers , he watched the warm , dark brown filter out the green and there she was .
her eyes flashed , the brown spiking out to obliterate the green .
all of them covered in velvet in different rich shades , plum , scarlet , sapphire , ruby , forest green , wine and blood red .
fine greens .
i also did this because there were three intimately arranged six - seater tables , all with white tablecloths , candles , and exquisite bouquets made of downy - green hydrangea , creamy roses , and spikes of purple iris .
the natural blonde had been dyed lighter and the dye job was bad , so bad it had a weird tint of green in places .
she was in a dress that was an unusual shade of yellowish - green satin , like the color of an apple .
when i did , she tore her gaze from jean - michel 's sketch of her eye , shaded beautifully in a matte palette of browns and greens , and she looked at me in wonder .
and i saw his eyes were a weird shade of light olive green , not green or brown or hazel but light olive green surrounded by a mass of dark , curling lashes .
and i saw his eyes were a weird shade of light olive green , not green or brown or hazel but light olive green surrounded by a mass of dark , curling lashes .
i kept up my scan and saw atticus laughing with two men , one in a royal blue shirt , one in a moss green one , a woman wearing the same green at his side .
under the window was a deep bench on which was a cushion covered in battered , dark brown leather and a tumbled line of dark brown , dark green and wine colored toss pillows .
all the velvets were rich colors like wine , chocolate brown , midnight blue and pine green .
i saw middleland , painted in dark greens and blacks and hawkvale and fleuridia , both depicted in deep greens with fleuridia having a few light greens .
i saw middleland , painted in dark greens and blacks and hawkvale and fleuridia , both depicted in deep greens with fleuridia having a few light greens .
i saw middleland , painted in dark greens and blacks and hawkvale and fleuridia , both depicted in deep greens with fleuridia having a few light greens .
i sucked in breath and let the emerald of the sea and the green of the shore fill my vision .
then i looked around the room which was more elegant furniture , tapestries , glittery stone walls and floors but it was decorated in whites and the palest of pale greens and lavenders .
and i kept looking in that direction , seeing the frost city of snowdon now embedded in the deep green of the short lunwyn summer .
it had a bunch of colorful pots , huge to very small , filled with spiked greens , trailing plants and vibrant flowers .
my eyes slid across the landscape , experiencing greens greener than i 'd ever seen before , wildflowers running riot in the fields around salem 's legs and beyond , a faraway body of water that was the blue of tor 's eyes .
i had a comfortable armchair in bright pink with a deep purple chenille throw tossed over it , at its foot , a grass green , poofy , rectangular ottoman .
giving that a millisecond of reflection , that green was not right .
they were a milky , translucent green that was so beautiful , once you caught sight of it you never wanted to look away .
that verdant green .
the winding , creamy lane that was flanked on both sides by a riot of wildflowers so bright , their stark juxtaposition against that green was unreal .
and that green seemed to go on and on , cut only by steeple topping a church made of mellow rust stone , and opposite that some ways away , a large patch of bushy rows of what appeared to be lavender .
but in the distance , the green darkened in what appeared to be a forest that climbed partly up some jagged topped mountains , their stone a severe gray which was lightened by deep grooves that scored nearly down to the tree line , the grooves filled with snow .
and that was when he saw the flash of green that streaked across the room .
the pine trees stark green against its white and the so - very - blue of the sky , the tufts of snow on the trees ' branches thick and fluffy .
his turtleneck today was a forest green , no less spectacular than the one the day before , except for the fact that the color did amazing things to his eyes .
this was because he had on a green shirt that was deeper than forest green .
this was why karsvall was decorated in a lot of greens , browns and golds , because those were apollo 's house 's colors .
this green does not cause me dread .
as he approached , he took her in wearing her dress that was nearly the color of the deep green of valentine 's .
she was wearing strappy stiletto sandals in patent - leather , a shade darker than the green of her dress .
it had a heavy , ornate wardrobe , chest and bureau and was decorated in a mixture of olive and emerald greens and dove grey a bizarre colour combination , which , somehow , worked .
the guest suite was decorated in periwinkle blue and clover green with accents of mushroom , silver and gold .
the bed was draped in blue and green curtains and covered with an undoubtedly three billion - thread - count , clover green , sateen duvet .
she had n't put on her robe or slippers and only had on a pair of thin , knit , mint green , drawstring pyjama bottoms and matching lace - trimmed camisole .
the velvet was of such a dark , rich green it appeared to be black with only a sheen of colour .
i do n't believe ... '' the woman who called herself godwin was stuttering , staring at him now with eyes narrowed and flashing a brilliant green with anger .
now , she was standing before him , her eyes flashing that intriguing green when five minutes before , when he looked into her eyes , they were a warm sherry , and she held her hand out , palm up .
her body started and her eyes definitely switched , blazing an emerald green .
royce asked , staring down into her eyes , noting they 'd softened to a mellow brown with only the barest inflections of green at the pupils .
luckily joy knew exactly what to do in intensely uncomfortable situations and she guided belle into the house and to the sitting room , a room belle especially liked , decorated in warm greens and bright yellows .
british racing green .
the deep blue of the sea and bright blue of sky was unobstructed except for the rich browns and vibrant greens of the rocky cliffs and their grassy knolls that made up what jack , with some experience through his wide travels , felt was the most beautiful coastline on the planet .
the arrow went out of the red zone and dropped down to green .
tod and stevie 's fuck - me dress was a deep , forest green .
the undies were two - piece in a deep green , one shade down from forest , a strapless bustier and skintight , satin panties .
there were jeans and a goodly amount of my silver to chose from but instead of any old tee , she picked an army green , boat - necked , long - sleeved tee with tiny orange and hot pink flowers flowing from the hem at one side to come up in a swirl on the midriff .
again with the paint chips , one ( beige again ) , two ( greens ) , three ( blues ) , four ( grays ) , as she repeated , ` ` no , no , no , no . ''
all i see is lady markham drinking her weight in sherry and the little chit in that awful green ... um , yellow ... what color is that dress ?
eyes of green , a tongue tipped with honey .
it gleamed a vivid pale green , more steadily than it should have for something submerged in the ocean .
something brilliant green , and strong , like a spotlight . ''
there before them lay seaweed glistening green , the iridescent shells of oysters , and wet , dark sand - a road for only the two of them to travel .
the walls and high ceiling are painted the cool , soft green of aged copper .
the wood had been painted a dark hunter green , and the desk itself looked like it was covered in a giant doily .
the green of the trees and the gray of the sky blurred together into a humid - looking soup .
his mouth opened slightly , and his pupils were so dilated the green was almost gone .
he closed his eyes tightly and inhaled sharply before his eyes opened back up and the green had darkened .
gravitating toward the longer dresses , i went through several black and red ones before my fingers stopped on one that was such a pale shade of green it reminded me of sea foam .
anya purred as she entered the lab attired in yet another dress , this one a deep shade of green to contrast with her rich curtain of hair .
less than two inches in diameter , it was paper thin and tarnished to a blue green .
this green really is not festive enough . ''
she marched across the tiny room that had been decorated in the seventies , all hideous swirling blues and greens , with cheap furniture and fading prints of flowers on the walls .
a smile curved her lips as the door was pushed open and tane crossed the room decorated in shades of green and cream with heavy furniture from the early colonial period .
her eyes were an astonishing green , the color of spring grass and flecked with gold .
` ` a ... '' her words died on her lips as the astonishing green of her eyes was clouded by a strange white glow .
he had his answer the moment her eyes opened to reveal the beautiful green was already veiled by a disturbing white film .
the walls were the same marble , but veined with a pale green that matched the velvet upholstery on the chaise lounge near a built - in armoire , as well as the comforter on the large , canopy bed set in the center of the room .
as big as her mother 's cottage , it was decorated in shades of sea foam green and silver .
at the time she 'd been overwhelmed by the elegance of the suite that was decorated in shades of sea - foam green and silver .
the sight of the sun 's oranges and yellows slowly rising over the ocean 's blues and greens ; the sound of seagulls cawing and the waves crashing against the shore ; the salty aftertaste of sea water mixed with tears ; the feel of the soft sand beneath my feet and the cool breeze blowing against my skin ; the scent of the ocean mixing with the fresh morning air ; i was aware of it all .
silken drapes hang from the ceiling to the floor in emerald greens and ruby reds .
and he 'd be lying if he did n't admit to enjoying the hell out of painting up serena 's face in greens and reds when they 'd locked themselves in the bathroom for their transformation .
she looked into his deep green yes .
her eyes flew open , so dilated with arousal that the black of her pupils had pushed out nearly all of the green .
the rain had become sparkles of light pouring down from the ceiling of an auditorium over dancers dressed in the blues of the sky and the green of the grass and the reds and oranges and yellows of the flowers .
he 'd thought her eyes were a dimmer green than her sister 's , but now he could see that they were a beautiful hazel , a clear green on the inside , deep brown on the outside .
her eyes met his again , wide with surprise ... and an answering desire that she could no longer effectively mask as her hazel eyes dilated until the green near her pupil pushed out all of the brown along the rim .
valentina , the color of the plate and mug made me think of the green in your hazel eyes .
when valentina finally looked up at him , smith was struck by the way the beautiful green and brown of her eyes were in sharp relief to her starkly pale face .
she squeezed his hand tighter as she pulled him toward the water , murky green as it slowly flowed along the peninsula south of the city .
he could n't stop staring at the startling green of her eyes , the silky dark hair falling across her shoulders , and the way her pretty young daughter was a carbon copy of her , the only difference their hair color , one dark , one light .
but then she was saying , ` ` i ca n't wait , either , '' and it was as if the go switch had been flipped on , a bright green that blinded him , that made it impossible for him to do anything less take her fully .
slipping through the chain - link security gate , she nabbed a python bag in dark green , and then kept going .
in its crystal - clear glow , the red of the little chocolate lab 's collar was ruby brilliant , and his brown coat seemed made of velvet , and the happy green of the blades of grass under his paws was bright as an emerald .
the scratchy spring grass was a bright fresh green , and crocuses and tulips were pushing up to the sun , their pale shoots searching and finding warmth , their flowers about to come out and see the world .
the pink of the one in front burned his eyes , and the sea foam green of the other was another assault on the senses as well .
it was those mismatched eyes , the blue and the green , that glowed so beautifully they put the votives to shame .
those eyes of his , such a pale green ... and there was something strange about them .
brilliant pale green , they glowed from within to the point where she had to blink , and not just from the tears in her vision .
and his pale green , unfocused eyes were roaming around the room as if he were desperate to see something , anything .
his white walls were broken up by old bronze framed family pictures , portraits of his mother , and many snapshots of us : at the red door , at skin deep , and the ridiculous shot of us celebrating the completion of my sixth tattoo , an intricate peacock with deep yellows , blues , greens , reds , and purples , spanning from my hip to midrib .
that color green is gorgeous on you . ''
a qt station smack - dab in the green 's house .
the other men grumbled and added their chips to the pile , but kitty took her time , sliding the octagonal disk carefully over the green felt , her gaze never leaving viktis 's .
a few seconds later , the red glowing light clicked over to green .
a moment later the light on the server flashed green , and she was in .
` ` excuse me , miss , monet green here to see the ceo .
the bruise around his eye had darkened to an angry green and a jagged cut stretched across his cheekbone , but at least the holes burned into his skin had been tended to , and his other wounds cleaned .
the pinks and the yellows against the deep green of the grass made me feel warm and cozy inside .
she had the most unusual hazel eyes ; they seemed to change from brown to green to match her temperament .
it was decorated in blues and greens and there were at least fifteen framed photographs on the walls .
thick with autumn foliage , the trees were colorful and the moss on the ground was the most vivid green i 'd ever seen .
my heart pounded , and the forest spun around me in a blur of greens and browns , but there was nothing more to say .
some were plain , like mine , but others were decorated - one with light blue accents and white silk that matched my nightgown , and another with deep greens and bright flowers growing everywhere .
it was a plain - looking thing , military green and made out of a thick , well - worn fabric .
on her next three turns , she drew a green , a purple and then a red card .
madeline had put on a little makeup , which enhanced the already vivid green of her eyes .
on the other side of the table , joe bent over the smooth green felt , running his cue stick lightly through his thumb and finger as he considered the various shots open to him .
she took in the green of his eyes , admired the squareness of his jaw .
from there she 'd create some definition around the eyes using brown shadow and a touch of green at the outside corners .
a dark scowl brought out the stormy green of his eyes .
` ` if i ' m late , coach green will make the whole team run liners . ''
encompassing most of two mountains and a good portion of the valley between , it looked beautiful with the green of spring .
jewellike eyes of green , under eighteen , long dark hair , isolated as a bear , all i ever dream about .
towering above it all are the spires and construction cranes of sagrada familia , but directly below us , there 's a seemingly endless path winding its way down through a landscape of mediterranean greens .
` ` i always wished they were a brighter green .
she also has a military jacket , vietnam - era army green , but hers has been decorated with pink glitter .
he 'd be easy enough to spot - whatever i wanted to find stood out like sunshine against the greens and browns of earth .
the girl closest to me , the one with wide brown eyes , leaned in until i could see the green that ringed her irises .
i recognize the blood red of dark tears , which causes the lungs of the victim to fill with fluid until he drowns , and the muddy green of st . brigantia 's bane , so named because brigantia is the goddess of wisdom and this poison does not kill its victims but instead eats all the knowledge from their brains , leaving them babbling simpletons with no memory of who they are .
she is no longer dressed in her habit but in a traveling gown of forest green with her red hair unbound from its customary braid .
we were painting by numbers , starting with the greens .
she was wearing a red sweater that somehow brought out that green of her eyes .
i used the green for everything , but only the people i thought might be right for each other got the ' a . '
i even went so far as to say one of them really brought out the green of his eyes .
sorrow lingered in pockets of deep blue , but mostly , she read the deep green of remorse .
i noticed he had nice eyes , somewhere between green and hazel , and his brows would do credit to an angry cossack .
the bluish green of her turquoise - colored eye was full of compassion and kindness ; the melty chocolate of the brown one was much sharper , waiting to see what i was going to do now that i was naked and raw in front of her .
the colors were all screaming hues of bold reds , greens , yellows , and golds all over my skin .
i was n't a guy that could typically not see the forest for the trees , and right now all that glorious , gleaming green was all i could focus on .
a muscle in his jaw is getting a work out and the forest green of his eyes looks cloudy .
the green in his eyes is intense and brilliant .
his irises have darkened to a dense forest green , but the want in them is unmistakable .
then , at the end of the images , i see nova 's eyes , which look blue at first unless you look close enough to see the green hidden in them .
and her eyes ... bright blue with specks of green , her skin dotted with freckles , and her full lips that look so delicious i want to taste them ... and i ' m going to , because nothing matters at the moment .
the kitchen walls have been sunshine yellow forever and the countertops a deep green .
those eyes were the same , more black showing than the green .
they were still that light green that i always remembered .
metis 's gaze green and understanding , coach ajax 's black and hard , nickamedes 's blue and suspicious .
today she wore a heavy fisherman 's sweater that was the same color green as her eyes behind her silver glasses .
her eyes were a bright , vivid green .
the shutters and gingerbread trim were painted a pale green , although the roof was made out of black slate .
her long , velvet gown was the same rich green as the pines , although the edges of the fabric seemed to shimmer with all sorts of opalescent colors - pinks , blues , purples , reds , silvers , golds .
we were interrupted from our sweet moment when the person behind me started honking , because the light had turned back to green .
his eyes were n't brown , as she had originally thought , but a deep moss green , with flecks of gold .
her eyes were a startling blue green that contrasted dramatically with her black hair .
the wooded pines and fir trees tangled amid acres of bright green under a cloudless sky .
there , the pools are filled and the soccer field is a deep green .
her eyes are large saucers of green , and her pink plush lips open and cover me .
i think of hazel eyes with flecks of green and the look greyson king kept giving me ... and i feel so beyond wretched and disappointed , i slowly type another text while a well of emotion keeps growing in my chest .
she eases back and i look down at her , absorbing the feel of her as she slowly lifts her eyes to mine , pure green , and i feel like my chest is being torn open and she 's squeezing my heart with those dainty white hands .
i shake my head , but he looks at me with those piercing hazel eyes with little flecks of green that seem to glimmer right now .
his eyes , hazel green and fiery .
the woman 's aura flared , a cold array of icy blues and glassy greens .
and then he saw the pulses - short little stabs of darkness that crackled through the blues and greens , briefly altering the resonating patterns .
she poured a mug for herself , savoring the delicate aroma of the clean , elegant green .
tonight 's ensemble was in a shade of green that matched her eyes .
` ` tell her to go with the green , '' herb said .
she could see icy ultrablues , strange purples , eerie greens and countless shades of black .
acid greens mingled with impossible shades of paranormal blues , blacks and purples .
currents of surreal blues and purples , greens and amber lanced from other crystals in the rim .
jack 's eyes still burned psi green .
hints of glowing green appeared in his dark brown eyes , a visual cue of his appreciation .
the magic slid from her fingers in translucent currents of pale green and wove together , sliding into the keyhole .
soon june would come and with it heat and crystalline blue skies , but for now the world was still damp ; its colors , except for the brilliant green , muted .
an exotically patterned carpet done in shades of muted greens and gold covered most of the hardwood floor in front of the dark - green sofa .
instead he was suddenly hit with visions of the ominous , eerie green of a jungle plunging inevitably into darkness .
the color palette was creamy beiges , soothing greens , and rich browns with a touch of metallic bronze here and there .
her skin was a mottled green .
then she saw the poisonous green , squirming ribbons of emotion that were unfurling from the heart of the image .
` ` when you picked up the corridor ribbons , i concentrated on the red crystals instead of the green .
a red - haired man in clan roar 's green shook his head .
two young men in clan roar 's green came to stand at the other end of the street .
in her case that meant not just hazel eyes , but wide , intelligent eyes of a complex shade somewhere between green and gold .
the green and gold of her eyes had never been more vivid as she awaited the verdict for an instant he just looked at her , knowing an incredible sense of relief .
the frothy skirts of her gown formed a pool of gilded green on the cushions .
endless blooms and endless green .
as the planet had filled the observation port during severance pay 's approach , some of that endless green had been broken up by the blue expanse of oceans .
the mantises went back to being an unassuming shade of pale green .
a band of dark green slithered through the light green river grass ahead of severance .
she wore a long , loose - fitting dress of green and purple that fell to her ankles .
there was another vehicle in the drive , an suv painted camouflage green and brown .
the four petals of the unit ignited with pale green , and the huge collection of files , the sum total of her research and archival documents , flared into existence , projected into space above the petals ten feet away robert slumped in the chair .
until then , the only guard against the vunta were the reigh , a thin ribbon of worlds tinted with green .
there were little specks of amber in the green .
in the spring , she imagined , the leaves would be a brilliant green , and the ground would be a landscape of budding flowers .
the stormy green caught her yet again , captured her with their heat and left her breathless .
he was about to ruin the clump of autumn sage she 'd nursed back from frost kill last winter - she 'd finally got the plant bushy again , the bright red blossoms cheerful against the green .
her hair was gathered into a roll like a crown on her head , and her dress , a pale green , spilled on the floor .
here came lady olla in a beautiful gown of sea - foam green , a white flower in her red hair .
his eyes were the light green again , his shifter rage apparent .
the city of austin spread out to the north of them , hugging the river and its hills , the river country receding to a streak of vivid green in the otherwise dry texas brown .
soon june would come and with it heat and crystalline blue skies , but for now the world was still damp , its colors , except for the brilliant green , muted .
` ` kaleb green .
her magic slid off her fingers in translucent tendrils of deep , beautiful green .
he pulled a colt .45 from the desk drawer and let his magic cloak him in a pale sheen of green .
tall , gorgeous , lithe like a cat , with hair the color of golden silk and radiant eyes of such pure intense green he forgot to breathe .
george wore a white shirt , pants of a deep green color , tucked into gray boots , and a gray jacket , which was almost leather armor , with accents of matching green .
tall , majestic turrets and flanking towers of white stone covered by conical roofs of bright turquoise green stretched upward , connected by a textured curtain wall .
a beautiful moss green , the gown hugged audrey , sliding over her curves like water .
the bullet hit the spider 's carapace in a flash of pale green - the spider 's flash shield .
his eyes changed to the feral cat within him before returning to deep green .
they went , through the mists and the standing stones , back to the freezing wind from the wild sea , the light dancing on the waves and the green of the great island across the strait .
isabella 's hair was a rich red , her eyes the perfect green in contrast , her skin pale but not the chalk white of too delicate a complexion .
ladies in blues , greens , yellows , golds , lavenders , and russets moved about , the spring breeze stirring feathers , ribbons , braid , and false fruits stuck into the ladies ' hats .
many english aristocratic families had anglo - saxon ancestry , and it was evident in louisa - pale skin , bright hair , eyes of brilliant green .
steven saw eyes of clearest green , a round face haloed by golden hair , flushed cheeks , and a wide mouth that begged for kisses .
the bolt head winked with green and exploded in a pulse of magic .
the boat tore through the green and landed in clear water .
the magic sheen around them swirled with a dozen hues and snapped , matching the green of reeds and gray of the water with a mirror 's precision .
lagar 's eyes glowed with verdant wild green .
cerise saw herself caught in the branches , her body a dry husk , one with the green ; saw the shoots surge further , saw kneeling catherine become a spire of green ; saw ignata lifted off her feet by a vine , her face serene and lost among the blossoms ... cerise jerked back , raising her defenses .
cerise saw herself caught in the branches , her body a dry husk , one with the green ; saw the shoots surge further , saw kneeling catherine become a spire of green ; saw ignata lifted off her feet by a vine , her face serene and lost among the blossoms ... cerise jerked back , raising her defenses .
lagar 's eyes flared with dark green like two swamp fire stars .
the hand 's magic danced on the door 's surface , breaking into smoke - thin coils of pale green .
red liquid pumped through the veins of the leaves , adding a pink tint to the sections of green .
the spots of green that flecked them crawled , moving away from the petal 's edges to blend into a single green stain at the base of the flower .
` ` sounds like collard greens .
the land was flat and dry , grasses clumped and yellow instead of soft green .
some lucky few managed green or blue .
dark grass green , they smoldered with raw power .
thick fur , spotted with rosettes of rust and deep brown that seemed almost hunter green , clothed him in a dense coat .
she had amazing eyes , the green in them changing with her emotions .
it also burned bright hot , showing vivid green through the scope .
cassidy 's eyes were open , the light green of her wildcat , and she breathed in shuddering gasps .
her eyes flicked back to the deep jade green he was falling in love with .
the ground under her was intense , shocking green .
that grass was dotted with blue , yellow , and white flowers , and this being summer , the grass was also a nice vivid green .
obeying her mental command , a long ribbon of transparent green whipped from the narrow bracelet on her wrist .
this one was flushed jade green and had three green - gray dragons around the outside .
` ` bethnal green , love , '' she said to the cabbie , still laughing .
beth realized mrs . palmer was trying to make her lose her bearings in the maze of streets , but beth knew bethnal green like the back of her hand .
the trees at the bottom of the park blazed scarlet and gold , mixed with the deeper black green of the pines .
the last few days had been rainless , so the grass was dry though still a deep green .
around us old husks of burned - out houses crouched , accented by an occasional spot of green .
two dumpsters sat in the alley , against a brick wall , one blue , one green .
the tiny flowers detached , glowing with pale green , and floated past me , like fairy lights .
pixilated acus - army combat uniforms - in lovely randomized patterns of greens and browns , perfect for the swamp .
the runes sparked with pale green .
her dress rustled as she descended - its skirt had stripes of lighter and darker blue green , with a solid blue green overskirt pulled open to fall in ruffles down the back .
it was march , the highlands just showing the light green of spring .
the whole house - which they 'd moved into just after peter was born and his mother died , events separated only by minutes , a double feature of joy and tragedy that had forever confused that day - was decorated in various shades of green , which had faded over the years to give the place an algae - like feeling , gauzy and faded , like they were living in a long - forgotten shipwreck under the sea .
and they certainly did n't include ending up down the street from his dad and their dingy little house with its fading palette of greens and its smell of stale beer .
the sky had turned a sallow green in the distance , and the trees waved recklessly at the gathering winds .
the sky had darkened several shades , and the orange streetlamps that lined the edges of the green winked on behind her .
another firework exploded overhead , this one a ring of green and purple , but ellie did n't see it .
people whooped and clapped as if discovering rain after a long drought , and even the police officers who stood stern - faced at the corner could n't help grinning , their eyes sweeping over the restored reds and greens of the traffic lights .
the little cartoon airplane on the screen inched out across the blue of the map and toward the green , and lucy ran a finger along the cracked spine of the book in her lap , closing her eyes .
i made fun of the color and you said- '' ` ` that green was the luckiest color in the world . ''
a red - haired man in roar 's green shook his head .
two young men in roar 's green came to stand at the other end of the street .
vlad 's eyes had changed back to burnished mahogany , the only green in them now the natural ring that encircled his irises .
how like marty to come to this girl 's rescue by giving her a job , a place to live , and safety by green - eyeing any suspicious cops that came sniffing around .
then , much like shrapnel , vlad 's staff decided they did n't want to be the ones to tell me i needed better clearance than the wedding ring on my finger and it returned to green .
once my hands were bare , he unbuttoned his shirt , staring at me while the green in his eyes grew until it swallowed up that rich copper shade .
vlad 's eyes turned flat green and he stood so still that it made looking at him almost painful .
my father came inside , his rapid but thorough glance taking in the area that was a smaller , paler green , and more feminine version of vlad 's bedroom .
he stared at her , darkness replacing the green in his gaze .
he leaned forward across the counter , the flash of green in his eyes gone so quickly , kira was n't sure if she really saw it .
her eyes were open but sightless , flashing with a darker , brighter shade of green , and two fangs curved out from kira 's previously flat upper teeth .
kira 's eyes darkened to a richer shade of green as he approached .
his voice was low , eyes lit up with blinding green .
her fangs retracted a bit , and some of the glowing green left her eyes as she mustered her resolve .
she dipped her head , shielding the flash of green in her gaze from any inquiring people around her .
spade 's eyes changed from tiger brown to green in an instant .
it was a song about black - eyed peas and collard greens .
the walls were still painted a manly forest green and lined with towering dark wood cabinets .
` ` code green .
as she watched , his pupils dilated , black obliterating the green .
his white skin glowed against the bright greens and yellows of the park .
intense green stared up at me in the afternoon sunlight streaming through the van 's back window .
the sun shone into his eyes so the green seemed transparent , like looking into the shallow water and watching the sand shift underneath .
the walls were the same pale green , the curtains still white with pink and yellow daisies , the square table and ladder - back chairs were well - used oak .
even in the subdued lighting , girard could see that her hair was dark brown , her eyes a brilliant green against the alabaster of her skin .
her eyes , beneath thick dark lashes , were the deepest shade of green he had ever seen .
rich blues , deep greens , warm reds .
she wore a day dress in muted shades of green that made her eyes glow .
he watched kristine constantly , wanting to imprint her image so deeply in his mind that , man or beast , he would never forget the smoothness of her skin , the clear green of her eyes , the beauty of her smile .
the flames were vibrant , crackling with life , brilliant reds and yellows , dazzling blues and greens .
a pretty park made a splash of green at the end of the town ; several young women and children were frolicking in a pool located near the center of the park .
the inside of the house was lovely , all done in shades of green and mauve .
it was a lovely room , done in shades of green and gold .
even the grass was a weird shade of green , and it was throwing me off .
he only complimented me on how i looked in dark green .
there was another vampire in the room , the bartender , long shadow ; he was in fine form tonight , in a skinny - strap tee and weight - lifting pants , all in deep green .
they were a strange golden green .
they had n't struck me as politicized people , but the power of the color green is universal .
a beautifully dressed vampire woman wearing a gray - green gown strewn with gleaming silver flowers raised her arm to get the attention of the crowd .
his eyes were green , the deepest green you can imagine .
he had a mohawk , colored green and gelled to a high crest on his otherwise bald head .
green eyes , strange for chinese , a green that reminds him of the color of the cloak gathering dust in his closet .
he morphs the ball in which they all float into a mirror - monster of her , a ghost monster of green and light .
the furniture was an eclectic collection of pieces that had appealed to him , all upholstered in jewel tones , some intricately patterned - deep red , blue , the yellow of citrine , the greens of jade and emerald , the gold of topaz .
green , look for the green .
there was one more green one , but he fluctuated between pale yellow and faint green .
when we are seated at our table looking out over the immaculate greens , our waiter approaches , and i quickly order a glass of wine .
there 's a song that they sing when they take to the highway a song that they sing when they take to the sea a song that they sing of their home in the sky maybe you can believe it if it helps you to sleep but singing works just fine for me so good night you moonlight ladies rock - a - bye sweet baby james deep greens and blues are the colors i choose won & sup1 ; t you let me go down in my dreams and rock - a - bye sweet baby james there 's only a few times in a guy 's life that he 's allowed to cry without looking like a total chump .
` ` yes , '' i hissed then stomped over to the sheets , picking up two sets - a black one that would match the tree printed on the comforter and one green set the same color as the ribbon on the border .
a day after that , just wearing her gray jewels caused her the same kind of pain as trying to use her gray power during her moontime , and even wearing her birthright green made her queasy .
` ` especially because titian wears birthright summer - sky and daemonar wears the green . ''
` ` i told the priestess that i would have a rose and a summer - sky and a purple dusk and an opal and a green as my birthright , but she said i could only have one , and i knew that was n't right because the lady had shown me this jewel and said it used to be hers but now it would be mine .
it was n't even the streaks of green , which made no sense since they were n't part of the original spell karla was trying to fix .
she seemed to circle around his own green , feeling lighter one moment and darker the next .
for a moment , he thought he detected a ripple of power under the strength of the green , but it was gone before he could be certain .
you only find that shade of green in the reserves , and it 's rare even there .
so she 'd dressed with care for this first meeting , but she 'd dressed for a working morning in a court - long skirt and matching jacket in a dark green that flattered her red hair and pale skin , along with a pale green shirt .
but not the green .
i can wear my birthright green without discomfort .
she 'd never advertised she wore the gray when she 'd worked in the red moon houses in terreille , and while she had n't made it a secret since coming to kaeleer , there were n't many of the blood beyond those who had been in jaenelle 's first circle and the ones who lived in ebon rih who knew she wore a jewel darker than her birthright green .
` ` and just so there 's no further misunderstandings , the green are my birthright . ''
the green could be her birthright jewel .
` ` i wear the green , lord jared . ''
the green was strong enough to reach that far .
but if one of those greens was somehow backed by a red - jeweled black widow high priestess ?
as he rose to the level of the green , he unleashed the red , flooding those smaller containers until they burst from within .
then he noticed the weird flickering inside the shield - flashes of purple dusk inside the green .
then he saw a patch of blues and greens at the bottom corner , and then he realized the quilt had been soaked with blood .
but all he picked up was a solid , unmistakable green .
` ` even if she was n't able to descend to the gray , she should n't have ended up with just her birthright green .
and watched gray eyes change to frosty green , watched the illusion of lia 's face disappear .
to the south , the trees were still holding on to the green of late summer .
but as his gaze swung to the north , the green gave way to golds , oranges , and reds .
none of them wore a jewel darker than the green , so his sapphire jewels would balance the odds a little , but his own warriors were far outnumbered .
they 'd had to drop from the red wind to the sapphire and finally , on the last part of the journey , down to the green .
there are n't any males in glacia who wear a jewel darker than the green . ''
its body was pumpkin orange , its wings an unlikely blend of sky blue , sun yellow , and spring - grass green .
she always wore her birthright green , or no jewel at all , allowing her clients to feel in control .
surreal returned , proudly holding an uncut green .
at the level of the green was a shimmering web that stretched across the tunnel .
she turned her mind inward , slipped from the calm depths of the green to the stiller , deeper , more silent gray , and quickly wove her death spell around him , tying it to the rhythms of the bed , to the quickened heartbeat and raspy breathing .
his body was almost too weak to wear the green , but he would recover .
working to the beat , he thrust , the green on fire in his eyes as i struggled to keep upright .
and the green goes dark ... ` ` hello , girls , i ' ve missed you . ''
the green was on fire .
his hands were pressed to either side of the archway , his hair raked back and crazy , his lower lip sucked in between his teeth , and his eyes blazing deep green .
he looks at you that way , '' jack added , his face going dark and his eyes turning that stormy - sea green i saw at the airport when i left l.a . ` ` no , we never dated .
he smiled gently at me , the green in his eyes beginning to darken .
i could feel my heartbeat speed up as the green darkened , almost imperceptibly .
it was a deep green with a full skirt .
the green of my dress exactly matched the green of his eyes , something that i did n't realize until i saw him in front of me , his eyes burning as he took me in .
the green of my dress exactly matched the green of his eyes , something that i did n't realize until i saw him in front of me , his eyes burning as he took me in .
sure enough , like a magnet , his eyes were drawn there , and when he looked at me again , the green was on fire .
his eyes were overcast , the green almost blue .
collecting my overnight bag , i headed for the master bedroom ( shades of green and pink with palm tree wallpaper , very beverly hills hotel ) and took a quick shower in the bathroom ( shades of aqua and mint with golden mirrors , very liberace in the desert ) , and fell into the low platform bed ( shades of i ' m exhausted , so i have no idea what color it actually is ) .
we can pick up the deep green from this quilt and create some custom throw pillows , and i ' m thinking a deep plush rug , the kind you lose your slippers in .
his eyes met mine and i noticed that what i 'd mistakenly thought were the same boring brown eyes as tom , dick , and harry were instead the exact color of rich dark chocolate , flecked with gold and a hint of green .
as i navigated up highway 1 , taking the longer route for the more scenic view , i felt my skin begin to sink back into the deep blues and vibrant greens of the coast , the craggy cliffs and rich brown earth .
the perfect shade of green on the walls , soft and comforting .
buttery creams , burnished bronzes , soft muted greens , and splashes of goldenrod made the house cozy .
jillian 's personal taste was a comfortable modern , and the colors in the house reflected the colors of the surrounding hillside : warm leafy greens , rich earthy browns , soft muted creams , and hints of deep marine blue .
the steely blue of the lake , the deep green of the forest , the clean whites and creams of the rocks : it was beautiful .
when jason looked up at me again , the color of his eyes had shifted to green and then to a silvered yellow , like those of a cat caught in the light .
at the small of her back , in pale green , was a mark like mine - well , not exactly like mine .
the air in the room vibrated , contracted , and expanded , and the light seemed to shift to apple green , the table suddenly flying above our heads with sebastian 's burst of firespell .
jason 's eyes had shifted again from blue to the green of flower stems , a color that seemed unnaturally bright for a human ... but better for a wolf .
` ` scout green , '' michael said .
` ` swell to meet you , scout green , st . sophia 's girl . ''
` ` unmake this spell , millicent green , '' spat out the cheerleader , half sitting up to get a look at us .
` ` just until we 're sure the green is fading , '' she said .
his eyes shifted color between sky blue and spring green , and his ears were flat against his head .
scout green , my slightly weird bff , and michael garcia , her totally adorable would - be boyfriend , stood in the threshold to the next tunnel .
and i like the green . ''
his hair was short , his eyes a pale green .
but it was gone in an instant , replaced by smoky green .
i flicked my eyes up to meet his , which were the deep , dark green of primeval forests - ancient , unknowable , and hiding monsters in their wooded depths .
that was when his eyes had turned back to green , his hope replaced by something far , far colder .
the nymphs blinked big eyes at me - blue and brown and translucent green - then turned back to one another , and the screaming commenced again .
his expression blanked , eyes muting to forest green .
the wals were the glossy , pale green of hospitals and antiquated dmv offices , and they were broken intermittently by more closed utility doors .
she stil wore chef 's whites stained with vegetal green , and a vibrant scarf covered her hair .
his expression went serious , his eyes changing to the green of ancient celt forests .
her eyes were wide and hazel green , and she wore a printed designer wrap dress and stiletto heels beneath a long cashmere coat .
his hair was shaved , his eyes sparkling green , his mouth lush .
while we huddled in the darkness beside one of the pillars , jeff pointed his magic tablet at the card reader notched into the stone until the light above flashed green and the gates swung open .
as if a breeze had blown it away , the shadow passed , and his eyes flamed green again .
it was a refreshing patch of green along the bustle of michigan avenue .
the only green in the image was from the flowering vine that wound through her hair and across her shoulders .
as we walked past the town houses of wicker park - tall , narrow , and brick , with cute stoops and tiny patches of green in front - i told her about ethan and the mysterious woman in his past .
when darius said his thanks and the screen faded to green again , ethan dragged his gaze to luc .
` ` a hazy green . ''
the outside edges were trimmed with a forest green , the kind of green that i only ever saw when living in pennsylvania .
it was the kind of green that bloomed deep in the forest , a natural green that up until now i thought only mother nature could create .
when i glanced back at duke , he 'd managed to split open the avocado , exposing the light green and ripened flesh .
his t - shirt was n't gray , but a deep green that accentuated his jade - colored stare - a stare that searched my face like a hungry man searching for his final meal .
when i raised my hand to wave to him , the green turned much deeper and he yelled , ` ` both hands on the wheel ! ''
the bright green of her eyes shocked me sometimes .
bubbles boiled and rose up , popping just above the surface and streaking the air with the same bright green in the water .
` ` yeah , '' i said , unable to look away from the green of her eyes .
cole 's aura was flaring with vibrant reds and oranges , colors that were not his usual greens and blues .
it was completely covered in brilliant green .
there was a great tree with abundant reaching limbs that twisted into the sky and bloomed with more brilliant green .
` ` wonderful , '' mom said , her aura never wavering from the tranquil blues and greens .
in fact , it looked a lot like my mom and henry 's the last few times i saw them : calm and cool , relaxed and happy with a lot of blues and greens .
it was filled with blues and greens .
his aura looked like it always looked , which was usually filled with blues and greens .
they were much more soothing to my eyes in green and blues .
i was suddenly wrapped in the soothing blues and greens of his aura and even some of the rare magenta shade .
he perked up his head and stared at me , the light green of his eye was always the focus against his midnight fur .
romeo 's white teeth reflected the green of the room .
there was blood splattered around everywhere , leaving dark spots in the green .
he leaned down close , so close i could see the different shades of green that all worked together to create the vibrant shade that made up his eyes .
when he looked at me , his eyes twinkled and i realized the green in his irises matched the green that surrounded us here .
when he looked at me , his eyes twinkled and i realized the green in his irises matched the green that surrounded us here .
the same exact green they were before .
the same green that matched the rolling hills of scotland .
his eyes were a strange yet beautiful color , almost a teal like adrien 's , but lighter and flecked with hints of green and gold .
the walls were decorated with extraordinary walls of crystals , all in huge swathes of different colors , violet , light blue , sea green .
opposite the bed was the most beautiful modern mural composed of red , yellow , and blue crystals with splashes of green .
a beautiful deep green with black banding at the tips . ''
thorne 's landscape was multihued but in subdued tones , like the facets of his eyes that were also multihued in soft golds and greens , light browns and blues , even grays , a perfect hazel .
her eyes were large and a light goldish green .
the principal front rooms had a meandering effect , lots of sofas and big low chairs , the palette in soft greens and beige , some in leather , some in soft - looking fabrics .
the church bells grew stronger and within the space of three seconds she found a ribbon of light , a shimmering green , a vibrant emerald green , iridescent and exquisite .
she was struck again by the varied shades in his eyes , the dark blue , the gray , the grayish green and just a few flecks of amber , sun glinting off the ocean .
his jacket was of a similar ilk , but white and embroidered with flowers in the primary colors , plus green and splashes of violet .
after a moment the blue - green of rith 's intricate mist pattern emerged , outlining a very specific area .
antony 's cream - colored wings were streaked through with reds and oranges , blues and greens , as though lit on fire .
everything about her house spoke of who she was : the muted hues of gold , maroon , and purple , the varying floors of carpet , wood , and tile , the heavy tapestry drapes in an olive green that flanked almost every window .
they were but an enormous elongated shape of flames : brilliant gold , amethyst that leaped in rolling flares , an underbelly of blues and greens , and a tail perhaps half a mile long of deep purple and burnished gold .
he thought the height of the flames could be taller but he liked the colors , some pinks and greens , almost glittery , real spectacle - grade shit .
he noticed that the topmost level had several wide stretches of green , which he knew represented areas of lawn , which meant that all the levels of the building below were actually underground .
their bodies glowed with tendrils of light , some pale green , others a golden brown , but all sparkling like diamonds .
he polished all the bottles as well , a kaleidoscope of ambers and blues , melons and greens against the mirrored wall .
his eyes were an exquisite green , an almost emerald hue .
he missed the calming effects of walking the gravel paths , and with his guccis sliding over his damp ass right now he sure as hell could use a little calming green .
his wings , light brown with bands of light green , expanded in a vast sweep over his head .
it made for a beautiful presentation for a home especially since several arched stained glass windows were lit from behind , lighting up portions of the hall in pale lavenders and greens .
corbin locked eyes with her , and she watched his change to a deep forest green .
there were five floor plans , and only on rare occasion did some wacky homeowner deviate from the holy trinity of shutter colors - black , burgundy , or hunter green .
she went into his room and quickly dressed using zelda 's belt to cinch this shirt , a sort - of - retro paisley shirt in greens and blues .
it had taken him two weeks and six shades of paint , mixing yellows and greens until he had achieved the perfect eye - popping lime he had wanted .
and she had always wanted them in bright blues , greens , and hot pinks , hues achieved through dye , not nature .
the only color came from vases and throw pillows in neutral greens and browns .
all she could see in front of her was the deep green of brady 's eyes as he stared at her , their bodies entwined in the most intimate way possible .
the green of the leaves on the bushes peeking out , the blades of grass just starting to break through the snow , the winter flowers unaffected by the cold temperatures .
maddie looks at me out of the corner of her eye , the green in it brighter from her amusement at the situation .
the understated browns and greens of our room are calming and exactly what she needs after the week she 's had because of her brother .
the green of the fauna is a stark contrast to the barren desert beyond , and the rocks that dot the stream are just big enough to sit on .
even across the studio there 's no mistaking the green in his eyes .
she wrapped a kanga around her like a thin blanket , a benign cloth of blues and greens with a message along the border that probably said something like live long and prosper .
hazel eyes that shifted from dark brown to golden green in the firelight .
` ` you ' ve got your grays and the greens .
` ` what about the greens ? ''
barrera looked up , his face glowing alien green from the blackberry screen .
deep green stared back up at her , only her , until tension pulled tighter within her .
instead , they lay with only the scant cammo of desert tan flight suits , better than their regular green , at least .
she looked away , taking all that endless green with her .
her eyes darkened to that deep green of late summer grass .
he stared down into eyes the green of deep summer .
pulling back , he stared into eyes a shade of green he 'd only ever found on one woman .
down with darcy into the clear water toward the blanket of luminescent greens and rainbow streaks of color below , leaving the world above until it was only the two of them .
she stepped into a wide space full of rattan sofas and chaise lounges with upholstered cushions of deep rusts and greens .
i saw the green of his eyes from across the room , and a sizzling sense of awareness rocked through me .
he glanced at the bottle , but the deep green obscured the level of the liquid inside .
the green brought out her eyes , which were so much like her brother 's .
she gestured to his polo shirt , this one a pale green with a blue pony on his chest .
he met her gaze and discovered that her eyes were a gorgeous shade of green that sparkled beneath the overhead , high - hat lighting .
her eyes darkened to a stormy green .
dressed in hospital green , she held up a hand .
he was tanned and relaxed and the light green of his t - shirt brought out the hue in his eyes .
the vast lawn was surprisingly hardy for november , and it billowed out before the estate in a seemingly endless wave of - well , there was no way around it - a dark grayish - green the color of currency .
and once carly had talked her into removing her glasses and leaving them behind for the night , avery had realized that the green of the dress somehow made the blue of her eyes more vivid and she 'd decided maybe carly was right .
she 'd changed into the sort of clothes she always slept in , a pair of baggy drawstring pajama bottoms - these patterned with wide vertical stripes in varying shades of green - and a dark green cotton t - shirt that stopped just short of meeting the drawstring .
the lawn rolled seemingly for miles , the kind of flawless green that comes only with a full - time gardener and chemical warfare on the weeds .
he was attired in a pink suit lavishly embroidered in bright blues , greens , gold , and black .
the child shrank back at his tone , and trevillion noticed his eyes were mismatched : one blue , one green .
sergeant green .
` ` it 's a theater , sergeant green , '' she said , pulling the door wide , ` ` and naturally the king 's men have my permission to look to their heart 's content . ''
of course later one eye changed to green , but when he was first born , they were both blue like the night sky , nearly black , and he had a little tuft of black curls on the top of his head , so adorable .
most of the dead trees and hedges had been cleared and in the few days she 'd been away the remaining plants had burst into the light green of spring .
he wore a crimson coat and breeches with a gold waistcoat embroidered in crimson , purple , and bright leaf green .
` ` i can see the blue sky and the green of the garden .
phoebe squinted at the green beyond the formal garden .
the doors to his rooms were a rich forest green detailed in black .
she was wearing bright pink and apple green this morning and looked like the very embodiment of spring as she picked her way down the gravel path .
she looked up , her eyes wide , the gray swirling with the green and the brown , her hand laid so tenderly on the baby 's head .
a vast carpet covered the floor in muted shades of cream , apricot , and grass green , and scattered here and there were comfortable groupings of plush chairs and polished tables .
she was wearing a sort of misty green tonight that made her red hair blaze like flame in the candlelight .
she seemed to be all alone , her pale green and silver gown a perfect foil for her bright red hair and graceful , long white throat .
` ` show my nephew and his wife to their room - the blue room , not the green .
the green might be bigger , but the blue is ever so much more warm .
indeed , all manner of pottery soon filled the desk , most glazed a deep green and many in the shapes of cauliflowers or pineapples .
except his flushed face was accompanied by a gleam of heat that turned his eyes from hazel to smoky , sensual green .
the flash of green that blurred past his peripheral vision told trevor she was making her way to the roulette area .
they reminded luke of the spanish moss growing in the bayou back home , a lush earthy green that left you feeling calm and sated .
his eyes had darkened to a smoky hunter green , thick with desire .
not just pinks and oranges and yellows but also the most beautiful greens , blues and magnificent purples .
his face turned three shades of green as he gaped into the room on his right .
lacy ferns scattered along the narrow bank grew in every shade of green .
one red , one green , and two white .
she watched the smile soften his beautiful mouth and creep into the vivid green of his eyes .
she held up a pair of butter - soft leather boots in a swirling olive green with a square cut toe and a bit of a heel .
instantly the emerald green of the water shimmered within touching distance .
deep colors of vibrant green carpeted the ground and adorned the trees towering above her .
the faded blue eyes took in her form - fitting sheath of green with its kerchief hem , exposing one shapely thigh and hiding the other coyly .
her eyes were enormous , a vivid green surrounded by long thick lashes .
the second man was in regular camouflage , greens and browns , and much more difficult to spot .
the branches swept the surface , long dangling arms of green to brush across his shoulders .
through the dragon 's eyes , he could see it , a verdant glow of green that seemed to radiate from the spot where the woman 's feet touched the ground .
her eyes nearly glowed , changing color until they were such a deep shade of green he felt the very coolness of the forest blowing over him .
the leaves rustling in the trees took on hues from a deep forest green to a particularly beautiful shade of silver .
the display of lights given off by the stalactites above their heads changed colors , throwing lavenders and pale pinks , with bursts of soft greens and blues .
her eyes , so startling green , looked like deep pools of emerald .
she felt the new growth , long twisting vines , pushing out of the soil beneath and beside her to wind around her body , a cover of forest green .
may the green of the great mother be seen , and used to hide that which would do evil .
he caught a glimpse of those green eyes , now changing color , deepening to an intense blue green like the deepest sea .
his eyes were striking , a strange , almost metallic green , piercing right through a man when he looked at you .
her eyes were huge , the green nearly gone to be replaced by those hot , flicking flames .
the snakes were long , olive green , with yellow half - moons on either side of the neck .
she could n't decide if his eyes were a shade of blue green , or gold green .
she could n't decide if his eyes were a shade of blue green , or gold green .
the one wearing green , sophie if selma could tell by the names called out , surmised .
the color green penetrated every surface .
their vision changed from a picture of cian , to the lush green of the countryside .
even from the distance , duncan saw the green of her eyes matched the elegant dress .
the green .
i am stoic like a stone as i look out the window , watching the greens and blues blur past .
my hair is darker than hers , and my eyes are brown compared to her greens .
her eyes were green , that deep green he remembered so well .
her eyes had eased back to green but as he pulled back and began to thrust again , he saw the emerald slowly bleed away .
his eyes - no longer a warm green but instead a cold , pitch black - locked on her .
her eyes were n't the dark green that reminded him of lush fields he 'd once seen in ireland .
instead , the green was brighter than he 'd ever seen it before .
the ground was a sea of green beneath him as he flew over the trees .
his eyes , dark green and burning with a quiet fury , were on hers in that mirror .
there was gold in her eyes , buried in the green .
her eyelashes lifted to reveal the gorgeous green of her eyes .
the eyes were n't the same shade of green , and her hair was the wrong color .
the green of his eyes seemed to heat , and jasmine found herself clutching that champagne flute in a too tight grip .
his pupils seemed to swallow the green of his eyes .
the darkness of his pupils swallowed the green of his eyes .
his fingers slid over her wrists , massaging quickly right before the light changed to green .
my voice comes out a little weak because i ' m getting lost in the dark green of his eyes .
but on the screen just now , i could see the green .
she pulled up to the stoplight a few streets over from her house , waiting for it to change to green .
for candi she went with a more natural look , using browns and a hint of green .
against the back wall , stood a bloody man , blisters on his skin , his eyes - a wild green , bright and fierce - locked on her .
this man 's eyes were a cold , arctic green .
his pupils were swelling as he stared at her , swallowing up the green of his eyes .
a familiar green .
trace 's eyes had never been that shade of green .
the red light flashed to green .
his eyes - a dark , deep green that she 'd never been able to get out of her mind - narrowed on her .
his pupils seemed to expand , the darkness taking over the green of his eyes .
they almost swallowed the green of his eyes .
that green seemed so deep .
her eyes not the dark green he knew .
such a deep , beautiful green .
dawn had finally come , lighting up the darkness , and she could see a faint rim of green around the outer edge of his irises , but the black coloring - that demon black - was darkening .
as she stared up at him , the green in his eyes disappeared , and only the black was left .
and the water such a dark green .
a blink from zane and his eyes were back to green .
then the green bled totally from his eyes , leaving only the black , and jana knew she was in trouble .
the green bled away .
the green bled from zane 's eyes , and the darkness she saw in his gaze seemed to reach out to her .
` ` and you ... '' big red turned his green stare - green , when it should have been black , definitely a time for a vamp to switch to the hunting mode - on simon .
the green was so deep , so dark .
his gaze - a green that was bright and intense - dropped to her hand .
that was why his eyes had been dark , not the green she remembered .
there are pictures on the walls - landscapes of forests in clumpy oil paints , and the sheets of the bed are a deep green .
the green of the leaves , the gray of the rock , the glistening of the setting sun on the water .
` ` besides , i think the green is sort of cute . ''
i bit on my lip as the light changed to green .
` ` you want to wear dark greens , dark browns , dark grays , or dark blues , but never black .
i was lost in a kaleidoscope of greens and blues that made up the combined raw power of the elements earth and water .
i was afraid to let the green go .
i blinked my eyes hard a few times , trying to clear them of the greens and blues , but they would n't go back to normal .
i turned my attention back to managing the flow of power and felt the green now completely under control , waiting for my final order to go back into the earth .
` ` can i let the green go now ?
i let the green know that it could release water and go back into the earth .
the water element that i had finally learned how to bring into the mix felt different than the green .
` ` i see blues and greens , twisting all around , moving .
i settled my head on the pillow and stared up toward the ceiling , trying to ignore the swirling blues and greens that still overwhelmed my sightless eyes .
i pulled the green up into my core , heedless of valentine 's warnings .
` ` well , i was sharing the green with her and listening to her sing . ''
you have healed others with the green before . ''
i considered pulling the green up into me for protection , but i was worried about my eyes .
i pulled some of the green into my body and fed it up into my eyes , sending the energy directly out of my pupils to hit him full force in the face .
gorm looked at me , the baby - blue of chase 's eyes flecked with bits of not so pretty , muddy green that i knew belonged to the gorm inside .
i put my arm across gorm 's back , sending a couple waves of the green into his body .
even your precious green elf girlfriends do . ''
i pulled some of the green into me , sending it to my eyes , letting it sit there and glow .
i pulled a little of the green into me and sent it to him , hoping i could bring him a small measure of peace .
i closed my eyes tightly to block out the image of my impending and somewhat embarrassing demise , begging the green to come and save me .
` ` i ended up on the bathroom floor with them standing over me and licking their chops ... so i called out to the green to help me .
` ` we could probably spare one green elf as well .
i pulled some of the green from the ground beneath me , showing it in my eyes so tony could see how serious i was .
i reached into the stone floor at my feet , looking to link up with the green .
without even thinking about it , i pulled the green up into me , and like a raging , flooded river , i started overflowing with all of the energy i could hardly contain .
i could n't let her leave me , but i could feel the green bouncing back into my body now , unable to do anything with the empty shell i held in my arms .
i yelled , pulling the green up and sending into his body , willing it to provide him with what he needed to bring about the death of this beast .
i held up blackie and pulled the green up into me strongly .
i reined it in , forcing it into my hands to join with the green .
i saw the demon claws reaching for me through a kaleidoscope of colors that not only had blues and greens , but now also reds and violets , courtesy of ben 's elements joining with mine .
my release of the green had apparently dropped the shield around them too .
i placed my hand on the tiny , delicate trunk of the baby tree , instantly feeling the green join me at the point of contact .
i bent over and picked them up , thanking the tree through my link with the green for its beauty and courage .
there had been times , even when standing in front of the demon , that i had hesitated in bringing up the green - or i had done it reluctantly after realizing i had no choice - because i was afraid of the consequences .
i brought some of the green up into my body , just enough to take the edge of terror off .
i remembered what it had been like in the dark fae dungeon when i was blocked from connecting with the green - it was a horrible feeling .
i felt my face getting red and the link with the green went on autopilot .
` ` with pleasure , '' i said , letting the energy of the green mostly fall away so my cloak would stop glowing and capturing his attention .
my mind was having a hard time letting the green go , knowing that a hungry boogieman was somewhere in the compound .
i had my cloak on , and it shimmered with the energy of the green ; i concentrated on not letting the power get away from me , while at the same time worrying about whether i was going to be okay seeing chase again , the guy who everyone kept saying was not going to be sticking around .
i pulled the green into me more fully , drawing water from the nearby air .
it was dominated by the branches and leaves of the ancient one - the biggest tree i 'd ever seen in my life ... the tree i 'd communed with once , and then forever after had sensed the presence and power of in my link with the green .
his eyes were a brilliant green and reminded me of the power and energy that made up the earth element i commanded .
ever since our first meeting , which had culminated in tim sacrificing one of his tiny , green wings as a trade for chase 's remedy and me eating a spelled leaf that enabled me to hear tim talk , snore , and fart , i 'd been going out to see her and work on my training , learning how to better manage my power over the green .
i could n't blame him , even if i did end up giving him the notoriety of being the only gray elf ever to be burned by the dark of blackthorn and then healed by the green .
i had shown gregale the power of the green .
i wondered if the ring was what kept me linked to my power , so i reached out tentatively to the green to check .
then robin of the green , a green elf like my friend finn , stood .
i reached into the green and grabbed a tendril of power .
i needed their support and i was n't above using the green to get it .
i could also use the green to bring finn to me .
i rolled away from him and walked quickly to the edge of the meadow , sending a message to the green that he needed to be held captive there until further notice .
i asked the vines of the green to tie chase to the tree so he could n't get away , and they dutifully complied .
` ` chase , babe , i ' m gon na try to heal you with the green .
i could connect with the green from pretty much anywhere , now that i 'd learned how to use and control my powers in training with various other fae , but tree hugging was still the best way to go about using my power when i needed it to be at level ten .
i could feel the loving touch of the green flowing through me and into chase , but i had no idea if it was making any difference .
i just kept it up until i thought it was all i could do , and then i gently let the green go , thanking it for whatever it had been able to do .
actually , young green elf , the world is not so easy to fit into categories , now is it ?
i tapped into the green through the nearby ley line again .
i had never gotten any signal from the green that breaking its vines or leaves off was painful in any way , but it still did n't seem right to let it happen .
i drew more power from the green , but it did n't seem to matter .
i tried to pull the green into me but there was nothing .
the green is out there .
none of your friends can hear you and neither can the green . ''
i felt the purity of the green in my veins , even if i could n't call it to me right now .
i closed my eyes and took a deep breath , letting my mind drift to the place in me that held memories of the green .
a few of his words broke through my concentration ... ` ` ... like the green ! ''
hearing those three words made me realize that this moment i was having with the water was not unlike the ones i 'd had with the green .
either i was going to bring the green in to me and somehow at least protect myself from the worst of the torture , or i was going to cause some sort of cataclysmic event .
i stood in the bathroom , connected through water , and pulled the green to me .
now we had the green , tim and i .
pixies can do that you know ... sense the green . ''
finn was my most likely candidate since he was a green elf and i knew i could reach those guys through the green .
i pulled more of the green into me , hoping i was n't going to have to battle through the elements with him .
i imagine a giant bubble of power made out of the green and it just goes there . ''
she could control some wind by traveling in it , but the element wind did ben 's bidding - the way earth did mine through the green .
i can use the green to shield us , but i still ca n't get out of this spelled compound .
i needed to focus through the green and find my friends .
he started moving to the door again , so i gathered my wits about me as best i could and surrounded all three of us with the green .
i included a small addition to my instructions , asking the green to block any noise we made from reaching outside the bubble .
i actually did use the green for a little while , but samantha is a witch and she started damaging my protective cover , and ben threatened to hurt my friends if i kept resisting . ''
you ca n't see my injuries because i was healed by the green , but trust me , they were there . ''
i never meant to hurt anyone ... ` ` and so i told them the story about chase and how he ended up there , and how the green came to me through water , and finally how chase delivered us back , even after declaring his loyalty to the dark fae .
` ` well , we had all been hoping , that you might work with us to find a way to use your power over the green to enhance the work we do . ''
i pulled some of the green into me and sent it through my hands to falco , just enough to help him calm down .
i reached out through the green , bringing the elves into the fold and then searching through our connection to find their energy signatures .
if i were to put into a visual image everything i felt whenever i touched the green , it would be like a picture of a tangled ball of string that has no beginning and no end , turned around and in on itself , sometimes touching , sometimes just passing by another piece of itself .
maybe this is what they used for their telepathy - the green .
` ` i would like to know if you could do this for more than one green elf at a time .
because i ' m pretty sure if i see her ugly ass face again , i ' m gon na zap her into next year with the green . ''
i pulled the green into me , more than i 'd ever pulled before , and felt the welcoming coolness and love it always brought .
i did n't know the answer to those questions , but i was pretty sure that this pureness that rushed through me and around me from the green was love - the power that connected everything to everything .
and still i held firm to the green that surrounded and protected me .
i did n't recall asking the green to come in , which is normally what i had to do for something even remotely like this to happen .
i sensed something different there in the green this time .
it was n't darkness , but it was n't the clear , pure light of the green either .
or had it somehow entered the green when i had connected them together ?
i could feel that the green wanted to stay there with me .
instead of thinking of the green , think of another thing or another person - like your friend tony , for example . ''
now the green was n't flowing through me ...
my other mistakes with the green were different .
i heard sounds coming from outside the door now , but i ignored them in my bid for focus over my control of the green that was now flooding up from the earth and filling my every cell .
i sent an image out through the green to robin and prayed like crazy that he was communicating it to his elf buddies .
` ` notch an arrow , finn , '' i said , my hands never wavering from their position , channeling the power of the green out of the earth and into a stream that was still all tangled with ben 's fire , both of them shooting up into the sky , separating the clouds that gathered there and lighting up the night that quickly gathered in around us .
it went from pure green to a lighter green and then to a flow that changed and glistened , first green then blue then turquoise and back again .
i knew that a green elf spent a lot of time playing robin hood in the green forest .
i thought of all the times i 'd dug my hands into the forest floor over the past couple days , communicating with the green .
` ` you said the green . ''
` ` well , when i say ' the green ' i ' m not necessarily talking about the forest area . ''
i felt the responding glimmer of the green , waiting for me to connect .
because you have shown to have a very strong and uncommonly close tie with the green , we suspect that your elemental strength comes mainly from the earth . ''
they are the servants of the green .
` ` so you can communicate with the green even without making physical contact ? ''
` ` does the green ever reach out to you ? ''
i could tell the idea of the green having a mind of its own intrigued her .
` ` what did the green do then ? ''
` ` i linked in and touched becky or finn , and asked the green to heal them . ''
just one time , i asked the green to protect us while we slept and i specifically thought only about things that would do us harm ; and , well , becky slipped through the green 's watch , because she meant us no harm .
just one time , i asked the green to protect us while we slept and i specifically thought only about things that would do us harm ; and , well , becky slipped through the green 's watch , because she meant us no harm .
when the green finally let them go , they had nearly lost all feeling in their legs and arms - and they were dumped on their heads to the forest floor from about ten meters up .
` ` well , that 's pretty cool , that the green did that - for me , not the dwarves . ''
i felt the warm and familiar response of the green .
the energy of the green was humming , buzzing , flowing through every particle of my being .
i asked the green to show her all of it .
i sent my thanks to the green , which quickly ratcheted the energy back to its normal lower levels .
i remembered the green and how it had helped my friends before .
and when i had stabbed the hag with it , a beautiful , rich green glow had come from it that reminded me of the energy of the green .
i could n't even imagine what the green could do to save me .
i received a signal back from the green .
i could n't hear anything except the hum of the green , touching every part of my body and the space near me .
i felt the energy withdraw back into the green .
i stood , brushing myself off , paying no attention to the elves , as the wonderfulness of the green 's energy began to dissipate little by little .
but i had to get the hell out of crazytown , otherwise known as the green elves ' training grounds ; and to do that , i had to get rid of the floaty , hippy love feeling the green had sent to me .
i tapped into the green , told finn to get the hell out of the way , and then i let ' er rip . ''
i 'd pull up the green and put every one of these motherfuckers in a friggin ' coma .
i can verify that she communicates with the green ... ` ` the murmuring around the room began before she finished , so celine raised her voice to be heard for the last bit , ` ` ... and the green does her bidding . ''
he gripped the wood of his bow that hung over his shoulder , looking the part of a proud green elf .
we all know that no one escapes the warriors of the green . ''
` ` jayne has a connection to the green that she can call up and link to at will .
she pulls not just from the trees , but the creatures , air , water , everything in the green .
green elves on their knees , shedding tears for me ... stories of the power of the green doing my bidding ... me sending an energy into these fae that none of them could fight , that none of them even wanted to fight .
he had better knock that shit off or i was gon na coma - size him , or whatever that thing was called that i did , making everyone go nutty with the green .
i practiced linking her to the green and managing the strength of its power .
the thought flitted across my mind that it seemed like the green and i were only truly happy and alive when we were connecting with each other .
i hoped my work with celine , learning how to control the flow of the green through my fae friends , was going to work today .
i asked the green for more , the healing power , and it gave it to me .
i had to force myself to keep my eyes open ; it was so much more peaceful to float away in the green and not have the outside images intruding on my flow , but i needed to watch him for signs of fae stroke .
i let the green go , thanking it and giving it a mental hug .
i was burned by the dark of blackthorn and then healed five minutes later by the life force of the green ...
` ` i guess i could connect into the green - ask it to watch over me . ''
it was the green - connecting with me through my pain .
i held off sending the green into her ugly , haggy face ; but it stayed with me .
i let go of the green , thanking it for being there with me .
plus she was an encyclopedia of information about ley lines and the energy that flows through the green .
i laid down , silently sending my message out to the green , asking it to protect gregale and me from any creature wishing to do us harm .
i felt the hum of the green 's willing response .
you are trying to bring the green with you and you can not do that .
i did n't feel the weight of that energy from gregale , the green , or even from my own body anymore .
i took a deep breath and looked up at the sky , sending out a message into the green , hoping somehow , some way , tony would receive it .
send a message out through the green if you need me . ''
i reached out to the green of florida , through the ley line i was happy to discover running under the library , and it answered me with lightning quickness .
` ` well , he shook my hand and tried to burn me with some kind of fire , so i brought the green in and cooled him down a notch . ''
the green that i had called up before was still there , waiting for me , humming and buzzing with power .
i lifted my arms over my head , winding up to let the green go at ben .
he reached his hand through the cool energy of the green that surrounded me , putting his hand on my shoulder .
i caught the eye of my best friend , the biggest dork on the entire planet , tony green .
frankenstein - messed - up - shoes wearing tony green - who right now looked very much like a small and skinny but still very badass rambo .
we walked up to the obelisk together , looking for a place to tie our flags - one green and one purple .
` ` yeah , but is n't it strange that you , tony green , got green flags , and i got my favorite color , purple ?
the green ... this connection with the trees .
i made sure the green knew its goal was to hinder and not strangle .
when i thought in language and then matched my images to words , like i did the night i asked the green to protect tony and me , i failed to take into account that my specific words do n't consider other scenarios .
i called out to the green to come and help becky , but the vines stopped on the edge of the water , gently bobbing up and down with the rhythm of the waves created by becky 's still fighting form .
i kind of was using superpowers - at least in my interactions with the green .
i could feel the hum of the green below me , reaching up through the earth to connect .
i rested my hand on the trunk and made my connection , sending my images out to the green .
maybe it had a deeper connection to the green .
me and the energy from the green .
the green was there .
he was n't aware of my little secret yet , and explaining my connection to the green with charades ?
i connected into the green using the link i had at my foot .
i quickly communicated with the green , asking for another tripping .
i did n't have time to formulate the idea in my head , really , so i hoped the green knew what i wanted and that i had n't forgotten to consider any consequences that could backfire on us .
they were the people of the green , and they had come armed - bows and arrows , clubs , axes , spears , slingshots ...
the screams of the soldiers of the green echoed off the trees surrounding the clearing , as the orcs were able to escape their bonds and use their strength to bludgeon and rip apart some of their attackers .
while most boys his age might have coverlets depicting sports teams or musicians or some such , gavril 's was a studious deep green with matching pillows .
the walls were a soft green and the dark walnut cabinets flanking the hospital bed looked brand new .
the green was bright against the clear water falling all around it .
but her eyes were beautiful , large and deep and almost an absinthe green .
her eyes were a sparkling green and she had a lovely oval face with high cheekbones .
she chose a raspberry - colored sundress , calculated to contrast with the green of her eyes ; a white cardigan ; and a pair of simple , low - heeled sandals .
the dashboard lights made thomas 's and taylor 's faces glow a dim green .
i quietly giggled , and the green in his hazel eyes sparked .
as we started to climb , the landscape became more rugged , the hills were higher , the greens darker , interspersed with black and gray rock .
cypress trees framed stunning , luxury homes on the lakeside , and the lush greens and simple , romantic italian architecture created this eden of peace and tranquility .
what traveled down his arms was a network of intricate vines , shades of deep greens and grays .
today she was wearing a black skirt and a teal green off the shoulder peasant shirt with more ruffles than a wedding gown .
his eyes deepened to a forest green .
they swirled in a multitude of greens as he dragged his thumb along my lower lip .
his eyes were a heated shade of green as he cupped my cheeks , smoothing his thumbs along my jaw as he tilted his head , kissing me once more .
a moan rushed out of me , and his eyes burned a deep forest green .
and yet , here , right in front of her was the girl , looking up with hazel eyes that showed glints of green in the sunlight .
she was still slim and lovely , with curves that he could n't keep his hands off of , and blue eyes that flirted with green .
i met his eyes , momentarily caught up in the shades of green that played throughout them , rivaling the leaves that gently rustled around us .
it matched the green of his eyes and made his long hair look like a wave of fire that gave the illusion of warmth .
now , they were still bluish , but i could see hints of green coming in - green like dorian 's .
i gazed up at him , momentarily caught in the green of his eyes that our children were already starting to inherit .
the frowsy green of the unkempt cemetery lawn was disturbed by a patch of brown , stark as a wound .
as for the sea , it was a thousand new colors every minute , and not all of them blues and greens .
` ` it 's beautiful , '' said mik , and it was : the water a chalky pale green , the rocks like pastel drawings , rose and sea foam .
i ' m so distracted by his appearance that it takes me a moment to notice his marking - under canopies of long , dark lashes , one of his eyes is the color of honey under sunlight , while the other is the brilliant summer green of an emerald .
in the blackness float sparks of faint blues and greens , reds and golds , blinking in and out of existence .
his eyes are alert , awake , impossibly brightened by the green of his shirt .
his house is wooden and small and painted a cheerful green that seems an odd fit for silas .
even at night , the bright green of her gaze stands out like emeralds against her porcelain skin .
gathered in a spiral in a clear glass vase , surrounded by hydrangea leaves for the green around the stems .
an urge to laugh , of all bloody things , and a flare of excitement in his eyes - really striking eyes , a vivid green that flashed suddenly in the light .
' bethnal green . '
' she lives in bethnal green .
he had to reach bethnal green by dark .
half the streets had no signs , and he was n't so familiar with bethnal green to begin with .
the sight did n't distress him ; it seemed only vaguely interesting , the dark red smears a contrast to the grayish green of the moor plants around him .
he 's the worst o ' them , for not believin ' as the greens do help wi ' the scurvy . ''
the vegetation began to change from the gray - green mangroves to a lusher green , with a thick undergrowth of grass and mossy plants that obliged me to walk in the water .
part nine worlds unknown 53 bat guano bat guano is a slimy blackish green when fresh , a powdery light brown when dried .
black - smeared pitch barrels and piles of dry wood stood in grim sticky clumps amid the brilliant greens of tree - ferns and dwarf poinciana .
kingston harbor stretched to our left , glowing like liquid sapphires in the morning light , the town above half - sunk in jungle green , cubes of yellowed ivory and pink rose - quartz in a lush setting of emerald and malachite .
` ` so i am thinking that if the chinee came to her , wanting that - needing that - and she wouldna take him ... '' he shrugged , staring out across the cool green of the lagoon .
the sky was nearly black , but there was an eerie green glow all across the horizon that silhouetted the skeletal shape of the porpoise behind us .
a skull in my hands , with empty eyes that had once been the green of the hurricane sky .
dazed and half - choked , i floundered and fought in a world of dark green .
the fresh green of arrowhead and pickerelweed rimmed the banks , some plants dragged out of the soil by the rising water and whirled downstream , more hanging on by their roots for dear life , leaves trailing in the racing wash .
i gasped , and nearly dropped the basket , but found my footing among the slippery rocks and made my way toward the nearest mat of tempting dark green .
before jamie could finish the sentence , the boy had produced two sizable frogs , one green and one a sort of vile yellow color , who huddled together on the bare boards of the table , goggling in a nervous manner .
he could all but feel the tough hairy skin , the pop of the windpipe , and the gush of hot , reeking blood over his hands , see the long yellow teeth exposed , slimed with the green of the deer 's last meal .
he was n't dead yet , so he pressed himself close up under the abatis , aimed the barrel through the gap , and fired at the smear of green that might be a fir tree but was n't , since it screamed .
the arbor was covered with new leaves , the green of them fresh and soft from the rain , but someone would find them soon .
it was the twilight hour , when things float on the air , when curved cobblestones seem insubstantial and the leaves of trees hang heavy as emeralds , glowing with a green whose fragrance enters the blood .
hunter had removed his spectacles in order to peer more closely into the injured organ ; he had very nice eyes himself , grey thought - the iris just the light - brown color of the flesh of a ripe olive , with tiny streaks of deep green .
she ground her own pigments , and she 'd made his red ochre for him , and the black and white from charcoal and dried clay - and made for him , too , a deep green from ground malachite , and a brilliant yellow from the gall of the buffalo she and her mother had killed ; no other man had such deep colors to his paint , and he wished for a moment that eats turtles and some of his other mohawk clan brothers could be with him to admire them .
there were two continental regulars - and a man in what i recognized as the light - green uniform of skinner 's greens , a provincial loyalist regiment .
ian and rachel ian lifted the green gown off in a whuff of fabric , and rachel shook her head hard , shedding hairpins in all directions with little pinging sounds .
there was a long streak of muddy green down his cheek , smeared moss from the wall that echoed the green of his eyes .
there was a long streak of muddy green down his cheek , smeared moss from the wall that echoed the green of his eyes .
well , bar the turning green , a mule can tell ye verra well if he 's feeling peely - wally .
i watched him walk away , his back very straight , the scarlet of his coat bright as blood against the grays and faded greens of the winter garden .
one brow arched as her eyes , the same pale green as her daughter 's , turned back to melody .
the fading evening light dances in the thick forest and reveals the green on the trees and the dirt of the ground , but what i see deceives me .
echo ` ` i ' m two hours late calling my father , my boyfriend looks like he 's ready to step in front of an oncoming freight train to cure his boredom , i ' m terrified someone will mention my mother and no , i do n't like the use of the gold against the greens in the painting . ''
i love the colors here : the deep green of the grass , the dark blue of the water cutting through the meadow , the still barely snowcapped purplish mountains looming in the distance .
she smiled at me , the freckles on her nose wrinkling up , and her eyes , the exact same forest green as race 's , twinkling at me .
the green in his eyes had turned to something much darker , and i gulped nervously .
i was breathless and his eyes had shifted to that sexy , deep , opaque forest green .
even from this distance , i can see that his eyes are a soft , pale green .
the bright green of her eyes was nearly eclipsed by her dilated pupils .
my mother 's eyes , the same green that all her children inherited , stare blankly at the wall opposite her as i spoon mashed potatoes into her open mouth .
my first thought is that her eyes are the wrong color ; they should be sea foam green .
we came to a stop beside them and when lucius turned toward us , i noticed that he was fading , his eyes that odd milky green .
the black of bo 's pupils enlarged at my intimation , nearly eclipsing the pale green of his irises .
he was watching me , his eyes already turning that milky green in his disappearing face .
gone was that rich almost - black color , washed away by a milky pale green that nearly matched the whites of his eyes .
i see a flash of hospital green , then bright lights again .
trick 's pupils dilate , swallowing the beautiful pale green of his irises .
as i look up into his eyes , into the beautiful collage of pale greens and grays swirling together , those three little words bubble to my lips again .
the flames licked up toward my neck and now , woven among them , were vines of the greenest green .
as i walked toward the front door , i could see the green of the grass in the light of the street lamp .
the walls are painted a cheery yellow and the furniture , while not exactly new , is a pale green and in good shape .
when i glance across at tom , i see his eyes are on my chest , and his greens are on fire .
i lift my eyes to him , and find his beautiful greens staring back at me .
the look in his greens makes my stomach sink .
the trees were suddenly darker , the deep brown bark of the trunks almost black , almost every hint of green in the foliage gone to darker shadows .
the fuzzy lights in the distance cast a spectacular glow of reds , greens , yellows , and blues , and the sounds of carnival life filled the thick , hot air , making me want to smile .
he roared , and my heart leaped into my throat as both cars saw the light change to green and spun their tires , trying to take off so quickly .
scoop up the spilled green , dump it back in the bag and light the joint .
i see the emblem , the green and silver , and then i feel my leg shatter , feel the hood sliding under my side and my back , and then my skull impacts the glass of the windshield , and i only have a split second to feel the all - consuming pain , and then darkness rises up within me like a flood .
she poured it sparingly over the greens and the other greens and the various other greens besides those .
she poured it sparingly over the greens and the other greens and the various other greens besides those .
she poured it sparingly over the greens and the other greens and the various other greens besides those .
deep within them , deep down past who this general is , deep beyond his youth and birth , behind the history of the - world - their - child who brought the general to this place , in this city / abattoir , on this battlefield , deep behind that- there is a flash of green .
the volcano opens his eyes , the green at first surprised , then slowly burning , boiling , blazing to rage .
the fire burning with impossible colours , greens and purples and blues .
considering margaret 's facility with bad language , it was perhaps fortunate that at that moment ' neptune ' arrived , in a wig made of unbraided rope , his face painted a violent green .
after bombay and suez , after the endless muddied blue of the ocean , everything looked an impossible green .
and then letty and i had a stupid fight about crayons , because we both wanted the same green , which was much better than the browny - green , which never came out right on the paper , and i won because i was bigger and letty started to cry and said she did n't want to go away , and steven said , ' go where ? '
and then letty and i had a stupid fight about crayons , because we both wanted the same green , which was much better than the browny - green , which never came out right on the paper , and i won because i was bigger and letty started to cry and said she did n't want to go away , and steven said , ' go where ? '
he looked at my calendar , tacked up on the spare - room wall , with its ideas in green and its actual planned events in black .
a deep , intense green that is so beautiful , they 're almost painful to stare into .
my eyes are still open , staring into his beautiful green , glittering gaze , and then he 's cupping my cheek , tilting my head back for his kiss .
a hand - painted white magnolia with glittering leaves of vibrant green filled the pendant .
a small gasp escapes me , it 's small , but nico catches it and i can actually see the green in his eyes darken at my response .
the beautiful color , the dark pupil in the sea of soft green , the thick dark eyelashes that frame the beauty god has given the man .
but in that split second i see the green in his eyes and it makes me want him .
never wavering , she looks up at me through her long , thick eyelashes , the hazel color of her eyes turning deep green with conviction .
the carefully angled lighting in the gallery picks up the highlights in her wavy long blond hair , setting off a shimmer of gold that reflects off the green in her blue eyes .
there 's actually a certain blue that has a hint of green in it , almost like they can change based on mood . ''
her light green tank top brought out the deep green of her eyes , which contrasted nicely with her vibrant red hair .
everything was decorated in light yellows , greens , and blues .
she thumbed the lock panel to green and braced herself as the double doors whispered open , her deckler shield forming around her in a protective flash .
soft greens and blues flicker across its iridescent flesh like light - encoded messages .
the sky overhead is an unnatural blue , the pastures sweeping away on either side of the spider a luminous green , waves of fluorescent grass lapping at the dazzling white of the akashic walls .
there are daturas , sacred moonflowers , in the shape of vast trumpets , and daisies like yellow suns hanging high overhead , supported by towers of slender green .
now on to item 2 , the shortage of females on colony green due to birth defects .
beautiful red hills stretched out before me , and the peaks and valleys were dotted with intense spots of green that popped out against the red soil and rocks .
the green of my eyes stood out against the backdrop of the blue scrubs that i was still wearing .
i love the colors , all the different greens .
colors and shapes swirled , creating a sight that would turn the old star trek special effects techies an envious green .
shepard eyed the green , glittering prothean suspiciously as she realized that a quiet had descended on the roof of the scarred tower .
his face was pale , his eyes more than a little glazed over , and the odd green of the hospital garb was definitely not his color .
at around 4:00 am a surgeon , still clad in his operating greens , entered the waiting room , and jenny rose nervously .
the green of the rainforests was almost gone .
the terraforma built by korlyn num serdinda was doing more than turning the red planet green and destroying the pathways .
the horizon was a line of green met by the blue of the sky , feathered with small trees that punctuated the border .
the giant christmas tree still stood , its reds and greens still sparkled , the steam exhibits worked tirelessly , but all hint of magic was gone from the place .
it had been painted a dark shade of green to blend in with the forest .
grace stood in the bedroom door , demure in a floor - length dress of forest green .
the green seemed to glow from within .
` ` the following passengers will disembark at dog green as indicated by the lists . ''
the grav - plus rings on dog green were all connected , making a large spiral that spun around the stations main machinery .
' dog green ' as your friend mr . gibson calls it , is in fact a beachhead .
there 's another puff of wind , then the rain eases and warm sunlight breaks through the cloud , turning the meadow green and gold .
the red changed to green and stopped flashing .
there was a woman lying on a pink flannel blanket , mostly stained the same deep green as merek 's groin .
shandra wore a long elegant dress that looked exactly like the one she had on the day before , though now it had a faint shade of green to it .
the floor was a polished dull green with black guide lines running everywhere to direct the movement of aircraft .
the holographic charts guided them along the equatorial tropical zone ; the colour cyan meeting the lush green of the jungle at the encircling horizon .
the rays illuminated a vast area of brown fields with high , thorny weeds providing an occasional spot of green .
the late spring greens of the surrounding vegetation and the large , rounded granite boulders of the yosemite area gave us a show of what the wilds of america were like .
at our new location and with the new situation , i was thinking a nice forest green or granite gray would have been better .
i wish i were going with youi mean , not with you , '' izzian 's skin turned a brighter green , ` ` not that going with you would be so bad , '' he stammered .
izzian thought he noticed a green light flash to red for a split second , but with the blink of an eye , it had returned to green .
the situation seemed hopeless and anger turned his vision to red , his skin to green .
the forked brown tree was topped with a clump of green for leaves , and three scallop - edged dots of white were drifting clouds .
and yet the august surroundings looked much the same , the maples a brilliant green under the security lights , frogs and crickets wailing around the decorative pond in the landscaped entryway .
the deep , rich green of the campus lawns , the flowering dogwoods , and beautiful stone architecture of the various residence halls and academic buildings stoked the fires of pleasant memories from his days as a student here .
her eyes were such a deep green , with a light brown trim .
her eyes turned the purest shade of green as she let her emotion work up .
the green was the same shade as her eyes .
she glanced around the room , her eyes lingered momentarily on mine , they were a piercing jade green in colour , clear as crystal .
i noticed serinae resplendent in a silk gown of olive green decorated with numerous miniature flowers individually made and sown into the fabric of the skirt and bodice , her long hair was brushed to a sheen , it no longer had within it the ties and dried , scented flowers i had associated with her normal hair style but a single jade green hair comb , the same green as her eyes , held it back away from her face .
i noticed serinae resplendent in a silk gown of olive green decorated with numerous miniature flowers individually made and sown into the fabric of the skirt and bodice , her long hair was brushed to a sheen , it no longer had within it the ties and dried , scented flowers i had associated with her normal hair style but a single jade green hair comb , the same green as her eyes , held it back away from her face .
her face looked like thunder and her eyes burned deep green .
to this command the little statue stopped playing and bowing low became once more the beautiful crafted statue of silver green .
a great cheer went up every time one or other of the teams managed to place the sheep stomach down onto a designated tree stump onto which had been painted a cross motif , one red , one green .
it was a valley quite beautiful to behold , an oasis of green into which a mountain torrent rushed feeding a rock - strewn river that wound its way through the valley .
serinae looked like she would explode , her eyes were that piercing green i had seen before when she was ready for battle , but this time the look of hate on the rest of her features was unbelievable .
a lone patch of green in the distance outlined the buildings of unsas houston headquarters .
the green of urban farms speckled the grey with life , but the encroaching brown landscape outside of the citys confines only accentuated how tenuous those oases were .
commander daniels this is l5 control , we have greens across the board for launch and are waiting on your mark , controls voice pushed through the hubbub .
adam could nt tell much about the creatures physical build since he was draped in several layers of flowing capes of greens , blues and reds .
traffic pulsed around her in flashes of green that the wrecked terminal weakly wrestled with trying to translate for her sensory input .
as she turned around to show her back jon saw a large image covering her torso from the nap of her neck to just above her buttocks , it was a dragon tattoo of wonderful craftsmanship , the twisting body was colored in greens and yellows with a horned head and clawed feet , from it gaping mouth a stream of red and yellow fire shot out covering her left shoulder and cascading down her arm , the large eyes of the monster were golden and seemed to have a life of their own .
he sat back in the chair and his hand fell over a series of switches , flicking them all upwards he heard the rumble of the hatches as they closed , status lights changed from red to green as he changed several other switches to the on positions .
we 'll have to run some sort of program on it to find the bits that are meant to line up , i 'd suspect there are some hidden markers in one of the frequencies ... '' again bri worked at the controls until a screen on her right flashed green .
his shoes reflected not just the light from the sun but the blue of the sky and the green of the grass , in his left hand he held a slightly battered brown briefcase .
tabitha nodded , jacob noting that her bloodshot right eye had turned back to white , the green of her iris had began to brighten .
the sky was blue and the grass a beautiful green .
for the next few seconds all i saw was a blur of green and spots from the flashes .
her eyes were a shade of green i had never seen .
i filled a basket with greens and reds and yellows .
then it went an indescribable shade of green and fell in hailstones the size of footballs .
smoke , or maybe it was steam , came up through a manhole cover in the middle of a road and some lights changed from red to green but there was no traffic to take the instruction .
the ribbon that extruded from his forehead started a deep , navy blue , but as it grew , there were greens and yellows interwoven with violet and shocking pink .
the channel alignment appears to be optimal , and sensor data is heavily in the green .
i checked and rechecked the status of systems ; all in the green .
massive stellar dust clouds of purples , yellows and greens stretched out across the heavens in an awe inspiring backdrop of grandeur .
for three turns , the world had been a mixture of wet greens and browns , glittering streams and dappled light a familiar sight for all her life .
blues and greens and golds .
alaska was a brilliant deep green , a gem the size of kandis wide - open mouth cut from one solid piece .
he was definitely from the hashtish alliance even though his skin was a darker shade of green and his hair was more brown than orange or red which meant he likely was nt from hashtish 4 .
the glorious range of greens and browns punctuated with splashes of red , yellow and purple flowers set off the blueish surface of the pond .
these dripped green , and even from the distance he saw how it spotted the pretty red grass as they gnashed and hissed .
the eerie green of the glow - stick made alex 's features look a sickly washed out color , and isara and sartek looked - well - more alien than they ever had .
the red , luminescent bar of the access panel flickered green , and a metallic kachunk rattled in the door hardware just before the double doors lurched into motion , receding back into the wall jambs .
one was red , another blue , another green and the last one yellow .
two fifth - years , one from green and one from yellow acted as commentators .
the trees accented it with deep greens .
zack was dressed from head to toe in brilliant green , and had a huge bulbous head , also shining green , on his shoulders .
simon ordered a full press , one - on - one with green , making sure that they could nt put any kind of move together .
because green tend to graduate very early , continued wilson .
no wonder greens starball team had nt been doing well .
to everyones relief , the indicator remained in the yellow band for the next hour before slowly falling back into the green .
the aurora is a panorama of greens reds and blues inundating and flowing across the heavens .
the overhead lights switched from the red for stop to the green for go .
a patchwork of blues and greens so intense , it made his eyes water .
the green in his eyes fills the room with majesty .
he looks as though he s trying real hard to contain the bright green from within his eye sockets .
saira scanned the slopes around her but could see nothing but undulating banks of green , interrupted only by families of broken boulders .
fragile fingered branches curved gracefully downward and into curtains of mint green .
her eyes are a mesmerizing green and tilt upward under dark , sweeping brows .
he also detected a pattern on her skin , like that of a leopard , with splotches of darker green running down the top of her arms .
now , as you can see behind me , aaron is exhibiting the ori glowwhich , since he is highly skilled and trained to conduct weather control , is turning the air around him to a deep green .
after a moment you can see that his eyes have turned a deep green after being a light hazel .
jaime stumbles back to bed looking a pale green .
one of the ephors expands his ancient steel staff , which extends out nearly three feet and glows a grim green .
a wooden statue of a person , well done and very intricate , stands outside the tavern , seven feet tall , painted a dark green .
a string of christmas lights , reds and greens , is strung around the statue .
immediately the crystal began to glow an iridescent green , which began to envelop the two .
her car was a 1968 chevrolet caprice in two - tone green with wood sidings .
the green of the ivy had been the only contrast in her appearance .
her eyes were a calming shade of sea green that reflected a calm mind waiting to listen .
not much of her was visible beneath the voluminous cloak and hood , but you could see enormous green eyes , the green of rivers and oceans .
their eyes met and held , violet to green .
his eyes were an unusual green ; not hazel and not flecked , they were like flawless gems .
lodestok held the boy between his knees , the young chin tilted , so the warlord could stare deeply into eyes that always mesmerised him , they were such an oddly rare green .
he waited for a long time for the green to pulse in the pattern again .
when the meandering trail sloped upwards , luton spurred his horse forward to the beginning of the real forest , green - clad now in early spring , where he dismounted and stayed crouched , motionless , until the others caught up with him .
her eyes were the green of deep rivers .
there were so many bushes of different heights , shapes and shades of green that it was difficult to figure out where to go .
from this vantage point , jo can see pockets of the sea , in between the masses of the green of the buses around them , but no hint of the island itself .
the next is not so bad , the third however , a much lighter shade of green , has a very sweet taste .
i look around me further and behind what looks like a bush , made up of patches of somewhat lighter greens than the ground ; i see rachel , laying on the ground , surrounded by objects .
the skin is kind of grey with a hint of green about it .
as we round the column , the horrific nature of this poor creatures demise is obvious , there are no signs of the lower parts of the creature , instead a lake of dark green , that at some time would have been a fluid but is clearly all dried up now .
i gently rise , sitting up fully , i survey rachel , her clothes , covered in various stains ; ranging from red , brown through to dark green .
ten times the size of most gan camps , he guessed , the human one consisted of square lodges in rows , a brown patch in the midst of endless undulating green .
i can picture it , she said as we leaned on the railing of the third floor balcony , this whole area overflowing with green .
whereas most of the rest of the docking ring was painted in blacks and grays and whites , the spire was a curious shade of dark green .
the green appeared to dance and move and shift around , as if the color itself was bending in towards some incredible source then breaking around in a wave .
the nearer peaks were flush with the deep green of summers end , but the horizon was draped with wraith - like , ragged clouds .
tom wearily looked around the room with night vision of everything in day vision of green .
he looked at the window which showed the sky in the color green in his night vision .
maybe we should leave the woods , i say , though i can not fathom life beyond the walls of green i have called home since i was junes age .
the arrow heads were more like swirling love hearts , copper green coloured , almost art - deco .
he sat down at a desk where taller man , dressed in green , was sipping some whisky .
the lawn was greenest grass , as pure and pristine as any golf green i have ever seen .
dragon 's rest was huge , easily several kilometers across , and the greens were patch - worked with dozens of other brilliant flower colors .
did that mean that the two greens would later relate the incident to blue coaxl , the base 's commander ?
frightful green into frightened blue .
it takes a moment for him to recognize me , and he worries for an instant that i mean to shut him up , until he sees the green of a bill in my hand .
her skin glowed almost the right color , a faint green , and she breathed more freely .
the strange green hued blood pooled on the deck .
the guy said it d glow green if it detected the right dna too .
her face glowed a gentle green from the heat .
laak'sa is the deepest green you could imagine .
on the keypad , two numbers were lit , one green , one red .
startech colors are grays , maroons , and greens , in different combinations .
the mud in the containment chamber was deep brown , while on laak'sa , it was a deep green .
they are clean like green and spleen .
jen lay there dead as blood filled the alley like sheep to a field of green ( stretching out to every corner ) while the rain came down in hollywood .
case in point : well - regarded and famous physicist / author / tv personality , brian green .
* * * soon winston and star were beyond the dead zone and flying over a belt of green , rejuvenating forest then they were past the tree line and into the high mountains with cooling temperatures .
at first there were only greens ; bushes , trees , and weeds , then something moved .
the afternoon 's rain had freshened the green of the land , and the few clouds left were nothing more than big white piles of fluff .
the river valleys many shades and shapes of greens below them waved in the breeze .
the early autumn colors jumped out of the dark green of unchanged leaves and the lighter greens of spruces and pines as the suns light passed over them .
the early autumn colors jumped out of the dark green of unchanged leaves and the lighter greens of spruces and pines as the suns light passed over them .
ill take duck a l orange with greens .
the other eye was dark to begin with , but faded to human green in time .
when he took his hand away , three pearls sat on the altars rim a white , a green , and a blue .
swirling around the staff were two of the colored pearls ; the green and the blue stones wove in a pattern continually around the length of the staff .
the green was a lush sheen on the grass , the flowers a brilliant assortment of wild colors .
all the surfaces were padded and covered with vinyl , but they were blank , and endless cube of dull green .
it shocked the eye , a wall of bright , almost supernatural green against the wild golds and silvers of the dead trees and grass around them .
she sniffed , her big greens eyes red and puffy .
many were of a different skin color , but all were lavishly dressed in outsized cotton garb found to be in the standard colors of elfish green or dwarf red .
as it was brought into the muffled light of the cave it began to oddly glow , at first a brilliant oft colored yellow , then an awe inspiring green , a diluted pink , then a bright orange color .
it began to oscillate off - setting colors of blue , oranges , greens and reds , finally settling into a once and again hypnotic azure blue .
the eyes were a piercing green with bright red pupils .
knots of a thousand undertoads here , and thousands hopping undertoads over there , the land had changed to the strange colors of toad browns and greens .
table of contents prelude chapter 1 - the cave chapter 2 - the obsidian brotherhood chapter 3 - glasgow green also by dwayne r. james about the author prelude june 1933 , a tiny island somewhere off the coast of scotland the old man stood at the tower window and stared out across the sea at the setting sun .
for gaent , the rug also showed the grays and greens and violets of the summer seas .
the girls restless eyes , roving the leaves below them , discovered splashes of colour among the green .
it was fruit , large , darkly crimson globes suspended from the boughs of a tree whose broad leaves were a peculiarly rich and vivid green .
valeria twisted her arm around in front of her , and the thing fell to the floora great black exotic blossom on a jade - green stem , large as a womans head , to be sure , but tiny beside the exaggerated vision she had seen .
the command ships hexagon should have been a brighter green .
as shiloh waited for her to confer with her astrogator , he noticed that the status lights of one of the fighters in the hanger bay had changed from yellow , indicating not available , to the green that meant available for launch .
there was a red , a blue , a green , a yellow , a turquoise and a pink jacketed kid .
he remembered the docile greens and the vibrant blues that decorated the then ornate apartment .
most everyone has a bit of forest and a lot of green as their backyard , and we spent many summers traipsing those woods in search of anything a little less normal .
dusky , stone buildings tightly packed the urban panorama with scattered cypresses and palms providing sporadic splashes of green .
the desolation instantly disappeared and arid brown transformed magically into bountiful green .
the pastel greens and blues under the clouds suddenly reminded her of earth .
g - deck was off - limits , but shed tiptoed in wonderment through the verdant greens and ankle - high grass , reminding herself of what nature should look like , while the constant whirring of fans provided a soothing breeze .
an eternity of translucent green now left him nauseous , parched , famished .
it was a blue - green algae concoction , but it was okay .
` ` now those terrible blue - green algae cakes , they could provide heat resistant shielding when our craft descends into the atmosphere and '' susan stood up , grabbed my hand and pulled me from the podium .
then we 'll look for berries or leafy greens . ''
jumpers , scarves and socks all pegged to dry , all the same nettle green from the dye shed extracted from the stinging plants in her garden .
his head was wide and heavy , his skin green , blotched with orange and brown , his eyes large and yellow .
the lights on the teleport panel were glowing in greens and reds , the lcd screen was displaying data , the machine seemed to be working ; the only trouble was , she did n't know how to operate it .
they were mostly different hues of opalescent greens and green - greys , but some could be different shades of brown .
standard issue shorts and tees in a lovely shade of olive green that was familiar if nothing else .
she yawned and fell back into the pillowy green , thinking for the dozenth time how odd it was to have grass in the vacuum of space .
this is when i was still enforcing the ` ` rules of green '' and they were n't allowed to have open fires .
we have seen the last lush green of forest and meadow .
the vegetable dish was a mix of greens harvested from the shallow water and steamed over an open fire .
she brought a bowl of colcannon to the table along with a smaller bowl of dark green .
she would rescue him from gertrude the green , and they would marry .
it was said that a watch had been organized and that one person always remained on level 1 , vigilant eyes searching the screen for any sign of an other or the promised green and blue that would appear in the sky and over the land when the others were finally dead and gone .
simone then allowed the ship to rise high above the sphere , before tilting the ship downwards , aiming its foremost section directly at the glimmering green orb below .
i raised my eyes to meet his and was stunned to find that in the depths of green , there were flecks of light blue .
the eye shadow she had just applied brought out the green of her eyes .
the pants were the same dark green .
as thick as his thigh , it stretched to the left and right tens of meters and further until it disappeared in the green of jungle ; he could see no end to it in either direction .
the whole thing was generally various shades of green , with the exception of the head , which was multicolored and ringed at the neck by what appeared to be huge multicolored feathers .
high above them , still circling slowly , and suddenly glowing dull green in the darkness , quetzal roared thunderously in approval .
past the mouth of the great green our traders went then , to the great island of atlantis .
do nt think i m bitter about the fall of kaptara and khatti or that the taruisha have fled to the northern desert of the great green .
on the other side of the fallen selesta lay a forest , a line of green that diminished over a rise of neighboring hills .
riorn lier headed across the center , turning a few heads sitting at the nearby tables as he made his way over to chiyenn , a pale - skinned , white - haired youth with coal - colored eyes , dressed in the forest green , scarlet , indigo , and black uniform that marked him as a navigator .
a small , mostly white planet with great swaths of blue ocean under the swirling cloud cover appeared in the monitor , the white terrain underneath dotted by patches of deep green and the crystal blue cracks of rivers .
this world was a collage of deep greens in the fields and trees with swatches of purple , rose , blue , peach , yellow , and white ; yet it had a unique beauty to it .
donal looked down , against his better judgment and saw only clouds with the faintest specks of verdant greens far , far below .
she expected it to enter the water and again return with a gift of greens , but the dullard remained beside her .
then ill apply these greens to your arms .
he pressed more of the greens against the wound as they walked .
as with the others , her hair , skin , and eyes shared a common hue ; in her case , variations of green .
even with greens warning , the thought of gold wiping his memory left him queasy .
the air filled with blues , greens , oranges , purples and yellows .
the color i was seeing changed to a bright green that glowed in my periphery .
the green at the edge of my vision had disappeared .
each of these spies was about five metrons tall , with hairless gray - white skin , two eyes that glowed an eerie neon green , foreheads that ended in thick , bony beetle brows , and huge pointed ears .
i only like the ones with the green .
the harsh blow to his face seemed to be what was needed to click his brain over from anger to grief , because his eyes turned back to the usual green , except that they were now much darker .
it lit up the green and turned the whole cove a shimmering chartreuse .
i do nt even know what- '' ` ` oh no , '' lyssa said nervously , her eyes still on the green .
her eyes were glued on the green , her hands on the joystick was starting to feel heavier - everything was starting to feel heavier .
outside of the ship , comets and space debris disintegrated , and she could hear vel whimper , the green was still green- and then it suddenly went blank , displaying a weird code error .
the vivid green tarnished to brown , then the brown to smudges and shadows .
in spring and summer , the ambiance consisted of diverse shades of bold green and a spattering of chromatic purple .
no , no ... calm down , i said when i saw the green of its eyes turn reddish purple .
the creatures eyes were a stunning green , its face soft and gentle , the closest thing to a human yet in fact , a child okay , a hairy child .
the green in its eyes grew stronger .
i asked , binding her wound , grateful for the return of soft green in her eyes .
her eyes widened , and the green dazzled .
the sky on a clear day is nt azure blue , but more a blur of purple and blue , an electric violet hue ; tree trunks are not brown , they re a splotch of purple and red , occasionally , bole in colour ; foliage and grass is either emerald green or again , a smudge of purple and green .
the animal counts those present , then turns to point at a snowy peak on the horizon , which stands out in the middle of a mountain range plunged in the green .
she colors her eyelids with light green , powders her cheeks and forehead with just a touch , moistens her lips with glossy pink .
silvery dot on a black ribbon , in the middle of uncontaminated green .
the bungalows , hidden in the green , offer exactly the comfort and privacy the most exigent customers demand .
the trees were showing plenty of green already , the birds were singing , the park was humming with people going to wherever people go to , and with a cup of coffee and my newspaper coming up , the world was great and perfectly in order .
when i spotted the smear of green , i thought it was another mirage , but zach saw it , too .
blue - green algae jars sat on every surface and dozens of them hung from the ceiling .
only a handful of blue - green algae lights glowed , illuminating more black craters and melted scars .
the halo - gram flashed green , flickered and then went dark .
it glowed with a faint yellow green and looked organic .
their black uniforms were easily seen as opposed to the officer blue and the enlisted green .
the other commanders were the operations and two flight commanders for porthos battalion ; harlin recognized commander green of porthos first wing : winthrop companys wing counterpart .
the millions of greens combined with the browns and greens of tree trunks blended with the rocks and ground .
the millions of greens combined with the browns and greens of tree trunks blended with the rocks and ground .
outside the great open launch tunnel , he saw the jungle stretching out like an ocean of green over the distant mountains and the horizon .
beams of light decorated the jungle foliage and floor with patches of bright green .
table of contents one - abduction two - extraterrestrial investigators three - abduction four - extraterrestrial investigators five - abduction six - extraterrestrial investigators seven - abduction eight - extraterrestrial investigators nine - abduction ten - extraterrestrial investigators eleven - abduction twelve - extraterrestrial investigators thirteen - abduction fourteen - extraterrestrial investigators fifteen - abduction sixteen - abduction seventeen - alyce green and the men in black discover other titles by l. depriest ellsworth one abduction i dislike coming out of my house .
seventeen alyce green and the men in black okay , all five feet ten , one hundred twenty five pounds of my girlfriend alyce green were not supposed to be standing at my door .
six hundred wore the green of the concubine scout .
the buildings dotted the green of the land , the boats merely small shapes on the horizon .
a green and a yellow set of lips were revealed gritted teeth from both officers .
darkened greens huddle together where the ice stops and before the rocky peaks begin ; the wooded areas are few yet evergreen brown legs coated in white powder .
the locking system bleeped and lit up with reds and greens before going silent .
the reds , yellows , and browns mix with some of the more stubborn leaves that still hold onto their green from the summer .
indoor outdoor carpet stretched across the small space , the far end having shriveled and darkened to a sickly shade of blackish green .
she flicked a switch on the side of the desk and a topographical map of the surrounding area rose hauntingly from the surface , casting the room in a faded green .
its wings measured three hand widths across and were composed of bright blues , greens , and crimson against a black background .
the ten points are indicate the green for life , dark blue for water , and pale blue for air .
what was once a pleasant mix of greens and browns was now a mottled hodgepodge of yellowing black and grey , like old newspaper .
he was wearing army green , and his rank said it all .
a small breeze would rustle them , revealing silvery greens , muted pinks , and red vein like threads .
as he turned his palm , the colors of the leaf turned first a yellow green , then tinged with pink to a darker fuchsia and then finally to red .
the planet was colored the same as rust along one side , but at the edges , there was a distinct line of green that curved off out of view .
the walls were painted a soft green , and the floor was tile .
an old bus , painted in the browns and greens of woodland camouflage , turned into the circular drive that was only supposed to be used by school busses .
they missed their home while away , the lush green of the fields , the piercing turquoise of the ocean , the crazy suns , the fragrant cats , and especially the warmth of the equatorial climate that soothed their bodies like a spa .
as she walked eagerly from one lot to another , sarah noticed the plants transformed themselves in response to the different conditions of terra two , they were n't radically different from the species they had brought from earth but the redhead 's endless dedication saw the little changes - a bluish hue in the green of the foliage , due to the lightness of the soil , the stronger ridges on the stems of herbaceous plants , developed to better support their much larger size , the completely new cultivars that emerged on their own , perfectly adapted to the climate of terra two .
the contrast between the luscious green of the tropical plants and the burnt sienna of the planet 's soil made everything look so healthy and vibrant that sarah often wondered if the genetic modifications alone enabled their extensive lifespan or the planet itself had something to do with it .
golden specks floated in the transparent green of her irises making them look liquid and restless like the ocean she spent so much time gazing upon .
the demon adjusted the angle of his head a bit , tilting it as the green of its eyes continued to watch the soldier .
theresa , standing with the gaggle of green , waved me over to the man in a tweed jacket and handlebar moustache .
his eyes grew much larger and turned silver and his skin turned from light blue to a glowing green and what stood in front of me was completely alien .
the horizon , where the clouds of sondranos did nt yet reach , had been a sudden blue , charged with pencil - lines of green on the distance .
their bright colors were a welcome relief from the washed - out greens and yellows of most of the vegetation on the planet .
a flash of green in her hair , though the light had nt changed .
for a moment , the gemengs eyes were the green of new leaves .
and there were the flowers that added spots of colour to the yellows and greens of the grass .
a tiny house was resting on the moths back , and the green was starting to look more like grass than moth fur .
he said over his shoulder to green .
only now she was looking over his right shoulder and talking to green .
she stood just a foot away from him now , her back to blue , nude , firing point blank into greens chest .
she slid her hand into hapless greens holster and took his gun .
then she threw my gun away and took greens gun .
the green must have always been there before the red blinking started , but she never noticed it .
he pointed his gun at greens chest , grabbed green by the neck , and started pulling the trigger .
behind him , two more greens walked up the hallway .
behind them , more greens would likely be coming .
blue glanced back at the doorway as three more greens came in .
their sights caught the three sexbots , and the greens began firing .
two more greens came racing into the room , one of them already on fire .
they were a rich moss green , a verdant color she remembered so strongly that her breath caught , her left hand almost swung down toward her hilt of its own accord .
she absorbed the preserves colors , its reds and greens and purples , and reminded herself that she was nt alone , that she was on wildernesse with bledsoe and cass .
there was little blood around the beast , its wounds were dry save for a hint of wet green .
their gazes locked , flashing violet against icy green .
the sclera appeared pure green where ours are white .
the children gestured to each other , flashing brilliant shades of green and purple .
the leaves turned a healthy green and the trunk stood tall once more with branches lifting towards the sky .
here and there small pockets of healthy plants stood out against the drab , gray - green of the remaining cropland .
i 'd worn enough green to last a lifetime but i sighed and tried it on .
they 're ah puke green .
all my readings are in the green .
argus had changed into his new military garb , wearing the dark green of the einhart .
using my t - powers , i see blues for oceans , greens for mountains , indigo for buildings , and reds for land .
greens from his farms .
anyway , just before spring he went a horrible shade of green and we thought we 'd lost him .
it was sleek and painted a dark green and from its top something spun so fast it made her eyes feel funny .
it was an odd tapestry of hilly greens and patchy masses of trees interspersed with ribbons of blue and white rivers .
but when we heard about zion , well , i was glad to be picked , '' said a young private , aaron green .
there was nothing but an ocean of green in front and blue skies above .
i walked past green who was talking to one of the volunteers , a pasty - faced youth with a mop of blond hair and the legs of a runner .
there are miniature tapestries hung over the windows in bright greens and golds , blocking out the umber glow of streetlamps , like curtains .
the peculiar sharpness of dreams picked out the familiar green of her eyes , her high cheekbones , the olive tone of her skin .
not a single hair could be found on their skin , which was a brownish green , much like a pond with too much algae .
there was more of the bread that nash had so enjoyed , roast pork drizzled in a sweet sauce , and a steamed green .
an array of lights turned from yellow to green , one after another .
at the center was a globe , but instead of the life - filled blues and greens of earth , the globe was dull reddish - brown and appeared cracked in several places .
the dcor was of that dark heavy decadent style , with dull reds , browns and greens .
his arm jolted and his vision flared a blank green .
there were greens , blues , reds and the occasional yellow .
natalie said soylent green !
by the way , i call the shamrock pudding soylent green , too .
the lush greenery on the roadsides and hillsides made her remember that after decades on the west coast , she still missed the colors of changing seasons and the healthy forest greens of the midwestern countryside in early summer .
others , like this band , were worn for the fun of it , with its smoky green and faded pink cast on a barely discernible base , granite grey .
he stopped at the worn , tung - coated spruce logs and looked back at the mountain , full of greens and birdcalls .
a beautiful evening dress that echoes the luminous green shades of the banana leaf , a range of short flowing dresses in shades of green , a green trouser suit that would be perfect for a leprechaun to wear to a st patrick 's day parade , and lastly a model wearing a battered olive green jacket with sensual green lacy knickers .
i want the living room to be bright yellow , my bedroom purple , the other bedroom red and the toilet green , and i want it to happen now .
the green in the toilet makes me throw up , literally , i actually throw up , so we paint it orange and janice uses a football to make big yellow blobs all over the walls .
is there a hint of jealous green ?
or are they just bouncing back the colours that surround me like the colourless sea which is vibrant blue in the tropics , grey in england and a cold dark green at the poles ?
then he went to the side , well clear of the arming mechanism , all lights still in the green , over and through some wiring he moved aside with his free hand , and right down into the actual old soviet bomb .
it was then when they realised that this was not a natural phenomenon ; as they watched , the winds unfurled into a serpentine form comprised entirely of the green , always moving gas .
a small light came on , reflecting green off of the gel .
instead of recognisable continents like last time he was here , the planet seemed to be a swirl of green ; maybe it was terrible storms that drove the scalimen away .
they descended into the atmosphere , and keinam could n't help but notice the colour of the clouds ; a dark green .
the ball was colored a pleasant , pastel green and decorated with a pattern of concentric circles .
the way she painted the green onto the black material reminds her of the boys in the jury , eduards .
her eyes wander over the green of the grass as it meets the blackness of her pants abruptly , the noises of the forest surrounding them .
z - minus : 6 hours 16 minutes the grey of the city gave way to the greens and yellows of the surrounding countryside .
the movement within his unique , bark embroidered mystic robes , alive with earthy browns and rich greens , created the illusion of man being one with the tree .
loose fitting shorts and tanks that blended into the surrounding browns and greens of the tall grass now replaced the dark ceremonial garments adorned with capes and hoods .
the largest heavenly body , the planet tellis , glowed ombre green , the golden moon zania floated behind wispy clouds like a gold coin , and the red moon fienor looked down on the earth like the eye of the sky .
at each level the milestones would change from red to green to indicate the completion of the milestone .
in critias time , only birds and flowers even had vibrant colors while the rest of the whole world had reverted to its natural greens , browns , and grays .
saan and ness were grey - blue and grey - dark green , respectively .
saan tried to keep contact with uncle junes eyes and failed , looking down at her sheets , all pastel green , her favorite color .
a green , indicating her direction to run .
symposium reyes leads me to a large hall decorated in fertile forest green .
the walls are adorned with a series of ornate gilt frames , each filled with a large portrait painted in sepia palette , marked with sunless greens , crepuscular blues , and sanguine reds .
then the color begins to change and the rocks merge to brown , then to a crisp , fresh green .
he filled his lungs with the smell of crushed grass and new leaves , admiring how the green was mirrored in the chrome of the handlebars .
a murky amorphous mass of warriors , dressed in their customary dark green .
shades of soylent green !
entry 2 - 031 : january 26 , 2014 the rules of green i have mentioned the rules of green several times in rome 's revolution .
ultimately , i rejected the rules of green as a way of life .
entry 2 - 268 : september 20 , 2014 the rules of green , again in a post a few months back , i described about my original thoughts on ` ` the rules of green '' which were supposed to be the guiding principles of all life after the great dying .
this one was easy to toss because without the rules of green , it would n't make sense anyway .
ah ... the rules of green again .
the green , the life - giving green , quivered as it passed and withered where the clump touched it .
amazing and oh so complex greens pathways of the twelve concentric rings high hedges acceding the tower waits for what the next nightfall brings napoleon defeated by tricky orienteering i think i know what this message is communicating , dalya .
the sky boded a tint of green , a lingering effect of the atmosphere of this planet .
coloured rich green , it expanded in size until the entire screen was swallowed by it .
when my eyes met hers , i saw that the bright green was swimming behind her many tears , and after a second , they began to leak .
he stopped , allowed his eyes to change from the red that had taken them back to the green that calmed me .
there was another pause but then the door light flashed green and the airlock opened .
we went through a maze of halls , all glowing with that same strange green .
` ` by the great green , i thought that had to be you flying , shimmer !
` ` by the great green , '' gripper ranted , gesticulating wildly with his long arms and grinning boyishly .
one by one , the ships and cargo haulers flipped on their nightlights , etching the landing crescent in glaring reds and greens .
they were thin , disposable and the same antiseptic green as the surgical sheet draped across kessa .
a small light set into the metal glowed a contented green .
the plastic looking floor around it was the same dull green as everything else in the place , yet it was just transparent enough to see through .
it was like a discolored ice storm had blown through , encasing everything in slick sheets of green .
accessing local information networks , he informed them as the lights along the outside of his form started to blip between green and red .
it was colored metallic green and seemed to have multiple limbs of varying sizes and types around its torso .
there was a lot of green , speckled with the colors of flowering plants .
for the last decade that had been the wild lands , an untamed sea of green that only the reclusive elves could inhabit .
once he received a green across the board , they started working on the next weapon .
the line at the top was blood - red , the second one vein - blue , the third one down was a brilliant green , and the bottom one yellow in color .
blues and purples shimmered next to greens , yellows , reds .
often an undulating green curtain , tonight the northern lights reached high into the sky with the greens fading into blues , purples , pinks and reds and the curtain movements slowly giving way to what looked like multicolored feathered wings filling the sky .
there were vivid blues to indicate the existence of viable water sources , browns and greens to indicate huge land masses , and enough clouds in all textures and shades of white to suggest that there was sufficient atmosphere to support life .
[ iii ] noam could literally see the light going into xanders ears and lodging in his heart , producing an emerald green of faith there .
sour green with envy , xander replied , revealing the colors that roni was no doubt seeing upon him now .
there were no greens , no reds , no flashes of any other colors except for brilliant white as she gave herself completely over to the creators will .
peaceful blues , warm oranges , faithful emerald greens , a festive purple and pink mix , and above all else , brilliant pure light .
oh , so he s basically inventing soylent green , huh ?
yuck , i jump up , feelin a mite green .
then he touched a key and the proposed orbital line of kalgash two became visible in bright green , a huge eccentric ellipse splayed out across kalgash 's own more compact and nearly circular orbit .
his own signal , lucky knew , was a flashing green .
only the eastern sea - coast was in the blue green .
under lagrange i , however , or under the suns together , the brilliant , flourishing green and the glisten of the numerous lakes ( particularly north and south along the dead rims of the departing glaciers ) brought an ache of homesickness to the hearts of many .
one blue green , one red orange .
he preferred to dress in older styles of clothing and the rims of his contact lenses were tinted a bright green , a fashion so rare nowadays that it was all that little miss could do to keep from giggling whenever she saw the lawyer .
clouds and storm - whirls knotted and twisted about the southern seas , with the greens and browns and yellows of the sprawling northern continent half - hidden beneath their own cloud cover .
the greens and blues were all gone .
justen devray , commander of the combined inferno police , sat in the unmarked and slightly battered aircar and watched the sun come up over parkland of idyllic green .
the tiny , isolated , spots of green here and there were gone , or rather grown and merged together into a blanket of cool , lush green than covered half of terra grande .
they were wavering , luminous green , with differences in brightness and in tint that were slowly progressive from bottom to top .
occasionally , he saw patches of green in the background , farther back from the expressway , and even small trees .
he looked out the window at the rise and fall of the domes , at the general green in this area of the planet , the occasional patches of what were little less than jungles , the arms of the sea they occasionally passed over , with its leaden waters taking on a sudden all - too - brief sparkle when the sun peeped out momentarily from the heavy cloud layer .
the green of upperside is turning brown and i believe the heaters have turned on . ''
the man with him , clad in the green of the joranumite guard , was either a missionary , a brainwasher , or a kind of theologian - manque .
her white skin was streaked with ichor of black , brown , and dark green , mingling with the pale , pinkish blood around her cuts and the bite wounds .
the lighting was all arranged in soft blues and greens , and it made the roses on the vines look black .
but the surrounding grass had recovered from the rip 's strange light , jonathan noticed , a healthy green again .
she 'd colored it near the tips with green that darkened to blue as it went down .
ice blue and deep sea green swirled in my vision , and it was only at the very last instant that i realized what was happening , slamming closed the vaults of my mind , leaving only the hard , fortified places to attack , a castle of idea and memory , ready to withstand an assault .
then she thoughtfully wrought all the gold on the armor into a spectrum that changed from natural gold to a green that deepened along the color gradient to blue and then purple the farther it went from my face , giving the gold filigree a cold , eerily surreal look .
it was decorated with feathers , with jade carved with sigils and symbols like those i had seen on the stone table , and with flickering gems of arctic green and blue .
and over all of that , she wore a mantled cloak of feathers , not too terribly unlike the ones we had seen in nevada - but the colors were all in the rich , cool tones of the winter court : glacial blue , deep sea green , and twilight purple .
his quarters were comfortable enough : three plaz - walled rooms in restful green , a soft bed , chairs reduced to fit his diminutive body .
she wore a single garment , a short dress of brilliant reds , blues , and greens .
directly beneath him on the desert floor plants grew in a profusion of greens , watered by a qanat which flowed partly in the open , partly in covered tunnels .
leto stared downward over the cliff edge at the green of the sietch oasis .
the green of those hills was almost overpowering to someone raised , as alia had been , in the tradition of dun - shaded sand .
castle corrino sat in a stagnant place which belied the greens in her courtyard .
slowly , outbending , the current of his awareness took him drifting through a last screen of green blankness and there , across low folding dunes , distant no more than a kilometer beyond the stretched out chalk line of a cliff , there lay the green burgeoning future , upflung , flowing into endless green , greenswelling , green - green moving outward endlessly .
in all of that green there was not one great worm .
often as he passed crannies he marked the baleful green of eyes , creatures crouched in hiding because they knew a storm approached .
they showed him the billowing plumes of smoke - dark green in artificial computer - generated colors - which belched from the mouth of mukenko , one of the active volcanoes of the virunga range .
and it was oddly monotonous : although he saw every shade of green in the foliage and the clinging creeper vines , there were few flowers or blooms .
the sky was clear dark blue , and they had spectacular views of the south virunga range - the great cone of nyiragongo , rising steeply from the deep green of the congo forests , and , beyond that , mukenko , shrouded in fog .
he saw six animals at the edge of the clearing , dark black shapes against the green , watching the human intruders .
the corpse wore a gown and kirtle , medieval style , the former green and the latter black .
not unless bears can somehow get an extra pair of eyes , right over the first set , one pair glowing with faint orange light and one with green .
that 's what it meant when the flame spread from the green to the yellow candle .
there , she was listed as ` ` place nine - d green '' on the compassionate vector .
the flashboard retained its quiet green .
flattery marked the quiet green of the flashboard , the ticking of relays through the graph counters .
what made one green more intense than another - to the senses ?
the floor was a pale green and seemed to swim in and out of focus under the hum of the fluorescent lights .
a path of darker green lay down the middle of the lighter green field .
both gauges immediately registered past the green and onto the red ; the needles swung violently and then subsided .
the gauges , however , showed an amplitude within the green only .
the slick , oily substance had an equalizing effect on elantris 's colors , blending them all into a single , depressing hue - a color that mixed the pessimism of black with the polluted greens and browns of sewage .
what she had seen as offensive , however , the people wore with joy - the bright yellows , greens , and reds highlighting their cheerfulness .
a squat elantrian woman approached , her dress a mixture of vibrant greens and yellows .
this day , she stood on a promenade overlooking the distributor 's market , the most ragged and disreputable retail district in dahl , waiting for an unnamed man in dusty green to pick up a package .
close - up , the man in dusty green had a plain and unremarkable face not improved much by a thin and unconvincing mustache .
she did not want to be special or even memorable to this blind man in dusty green .
it must be something else ... '' she thought of the conversation with the man in dusty green , and frowned .
the man clutched his shoulder and gasped , his face turning a medically questionable pale green .
she thought of the man in dusty green .
the land between consisted of low , rolling hills covered with planar bushy growths , purple or deep bluish green .
kallusin , the man in dusty green , sat himself behind a ridiculously large desk and folded his hands .
it was spare , soft greens and grays with sunny yellow accents , not luxurious but not oppressive , either .
police officers strolled this level in groups of three or four , not the officers of the district , but imperial specials , the same that had stalked klia and forced her to seek out kallusin , the man in dusty green .
lodovik did not show any sign , but suddenly the man in dusty green , with his hat in hand , became much more interesting .
the first face he saw was that of the robot in dusty green .
some few , including siona , were garbed in the green of machinery inspectors .
it has so many greens in it i could spend all day describing them .
the walls were a pale , scabrous green and there was but one aging glowglobe so defective it could not be tuned out of the yellow .
a loose blouse of the same dark green could be seen under her black cloak .
the windows looked out from a considerable height , one onto the northwest fringes of the sareer and the bordering green of the forbidden forest , the other providing a southwest view over rolling dunes .
the green of his shirt merged with the hedges and the rolling turf of the back courts , where the ladies had not yet begun to play at points .
cort turned toward roland so swiftly that roland almost fell back a step c and then both of them would have been on the grass , decorating the new green with their blood .
even on the hardscrabble below , where they had toiled and fought for every foot in the killer sun , they had been able to hear the sound of crickets rubbing their legs seductively together in the perpetual green of willow groves above them .
here some of the traffic lanterns still worked , flashing eternal reds and greens and ambers .
- missionaria protectiva , the inner teachings odrade kept her gaze carefully away from the cool green of the quadrangle below her where sheeana sat with one of the teaching sisters .
soft carpets covered the floor - dark reds and golds with a figured pattern like repetitive battlements worked in pale green .
she did not turn toward the speaker but looked up instead at the light yellow - green algae thick on the ceiling and walls .
even from a distance , guitierrez could see the brown stripes against the green .
through the goggles , the foliage was a bright electronic green , and beyond he could see sections of the green grid pattern of the fence .
in phosphorescent green he saw the tables and chairs .
he turned a pale shade of green and made sure that darling was n't awake before he whispered to her .
a large rectangle of pale green , set into the dark stone , pulsed with an ethereal glow .
walls painted a dark green , a bed with rumpled sheets , a dresser with model trains on top , paintings of mythical creatures on the walls : unicorn , dragon , griffin .
` ` i think , that green does a funny thing to my complexion .
with the authentic ancient green .
` ` lucky strike green has gone to war , '' you know . '
i could see now that the streaks of green were running from the clusters down to this central mound .
but this one 's hair was worn in long , ragged strands of varying lengths , like a raggedy ann doll , each one dyed a slightly different color from frozen seas - pale blues and greens , as though each had borrowed its color from a different glacier .
the deep green and violet , and occasionally red or green , pulses of luminance in the black ice walls did nothing to light the way .
no military dress code anymore , but he 's still wearing soldier 's pants with all their pockets in a drab green .
the la'heng are an attractive people , but farah 's skin glows with a luminous quality ; her eyes are the green of a verdant hillside .
the glittering snow on the alley floor blended seamlessly into a sparkling white gown , tinted here and there with streaks of frozen blue or glacial green .
greasy , lanky hair hung from its knobby skull to its skinny shoulders , and its two pairs of eyes , one very human brown and one glowing demonic green , were both wide and staring in shock .
at the far end of the corridor he glimpsed a flash of green and red ; he raced forward .
the squid was faintly luminous , the entire body a deep green .
the water at his feet glowed a soft green .
the green blinked back .
they sat astride horses , their honor guards clustering around them with breastplates that gleamed burgundy and deep forest green .
it bore the same symbol emblazoned on the soldiers ' uniform coats : a yellow glyphpair in the shape of a tower and a hammer on a field of deep green .
the moment he summoned his blade , his eyes would turn from dark green to pale - almost glowing - sapphire , a unique effect of his particular weapon .
the men wore dark , masculine colors : maroon , navy , forest green , deep burnt orange .
dalinar passed one of these , pinks and vibrant greens and blues growing in a gnarled pattern as high as his shoulders .
kaladin caught sight of a flash of green in the middle of the enemy brown .
tall , lean , with a square face and long martial coat of deep green .
bunches of fingermoss sprouted like flowers amid the green .
the duel ended with one of the lighteyes - wearing green , as he was subject to sadeas - scoring a hit on the breastplate of the other , leaving a long white mark .
all kaladin could see was a churning mess of men in orange and the occasional bit of forest green .
he looked down and saw more grass , a brilliant green that was almost purple beneath the fluorescent lights , growing out of the floor .
beyond it is a grove of old pines lit by lovely afternoon light : a haze of green and gold .
the light of early summer streamed all around him , that haze of green and gold .
the words drifted away into the haze of green and gold .
the day was warm , but it was cooler under the trees , their leaves a rich , late - summer green .
` ` because green is the color of money , grass , oak leaves , and alien bombs .
i ' m halfway to the stairs when the deserted lobby lights up in a sickly green glow , the same smoky green that danced around ringer 's head when i slipped on the eyepiece .
it flashed a color image of his hand , with the veins showing in a pattern of green against a blue background .
` ` what do you think of the green ? ''
but the other patches looked different from the green on the rock .
hall noticed the surface of the green , which was smooth and glistening , almost oily .
immediately , the green turned purple , and expanded .
the undersea landscape of blues and greens blurred past her like the settlement had blurred past her - too much wonder , too little time .
when he wore this suit in the greens , his pets were much more affectionate , more attentive to his needs .
the green of his aura sucked itself tight against his body .
- zavatan conversations with the avata , queets twisp , elder flattery took his afternoon coffee in the greens , enjoying an impromptu stroll among the orange - throated orchids .
as he flooded the dive compartments he thought he saw faces swirling in the light of the greens - crista galli 's face , beatriz tatoosh , dwarf macintosh and some young fuzzhead that he did n't recognize .
the foil 's atmosphere was contrived , it was not the cool freshness of the greens , but it was heaven now to flattery .
somehow , the sight of blue and red flickerings across the depths ahead of him filled him with as much fear as the mysterious glare that backed him out of the greens .
it was the same kind of cold white glow that had filled the greens just before he dove .
he slipped into a supple armored pullover , dull green and with the outward appearance of cloth .
the smoke dulled the greens of ledges and rim where the rabble waged a losing battle for survival .
another of them , fat and silky green , spoke up : ` ` if we have to capitulate , how will we know the ... '' ` ` we must never capitulate , and we must make certain she knows this , '' broey said .
we need greens .
they were starved for greens , any greens .
they were starved for greens , any greens .
worked into the green of their robes were shepherd 's pipes of platinum and they swung golden thuribles that wafted clouds of antiseptic pink smoke into the air .
lights flashed in there , phosphor greens and the blue cracklings of arcs .
kaleidoscopic colors from the instruments played a somnolent visible melody across cala - pine 's features - a wash of greens , reds , purples .
outlying areas that at the turn of the century had been villages and hamlets -- - marylebone , islington , camden , st . john 's wood , and bethnal green -- - were thoroughly built up , and the newly affluent middle classes were deserting the central city for these areas , where the air was better , the noise less bothersome , and the atmosphere in general more pleasant and ` ` countrified . ''
surely the three men must have presented a bizarre picture : burgess , the guard , neat and tidy in his blue railway uniform ; agar , dressed splendidly in a formal suit , his face and hands a cadaverous bloated green ; and pierce , sagged to his hands and knees , his clothing shredded and sooty black from head to foot .
` ` robert agar ... hum ... twenty - six years old ... hmm ... born bethnal green ... hmm ...
the clothing was the quiet forest green of neversoil and cut for comfort : leotards , a simple tunic and an all - purpose cape .
land swam through the viewer stage , a wash of checkerboard outlines in greens and yellows with here and there a chocolate brown .
there were control rings in the chair arms , banks of knobs and keys to left and right , rows of them in coded colors -- yellows , reds , grays , blacks , greens , blues , a series of orange and white ones looking like a crazy piano .
over the bed , the manipulator 's lenses sank back through green and stopped in a soft pastel fed .
the deep green of the ivy was pleasing to the eye , especially in contrast to the faded red of the old bricks .
a depressing room , the walls a dark forest green , pictureless , only one window with ugly paper drapes , a pale , thread - worn rug hiding part of the scratched floor .
all the greens came with soothing blue undertones .
he was breathing hard and , instead of his usual self - effacing brown fatigues , he wore a crisp new issue singlesuit of dark green .
and the lights had been tuned too far into the green .
he ventured another look at the mist - wrapped jungle all around - mottled clumps of trees and vines with odd colors hidden in the green .
beside him in the room where kareen ale had left him ` ` to adjust for a few moments '' stood a large plazglass wall revealing a rich undersea expanse of reds , blues and washed greens .
at the very center of the oval , this particular green was a vivid reflector of the sunlight .
the green darkened away from the center until the kelp patch became yellowed and brown at the edges .
one of gallow 's eyebrows lifted , a dark ripple in the smeared green of the camouflage .
perhaps ten miles away , almost lost in the heat - haze , a fire tower jutted up through the green .
they floated up to the sky in a dissolving are of reds , blues , greens , yellows .
the surrounding foliage became sparser ; through gaps in the ferns thorne could see wooden outbuildings , all painted identical green .
and in addition , the skin was extremely unusual , it seemed to be a sort of bright mottled green , but there was something about it ...
he saw the long powerful neck , the heavy body with its light green underbelly .
through the goggles , the world was shades of pale green .
in pale shades of luminous green , arby saw the raptors clearly .
glimpses of normal colors - greens , yellows , red - flickered in the corners of her vision .
wednesday , march 10 , 1971 : implantation 1 at 6 a.m. janet ross was on the third surgical floor , dressed in greens , having coffee and a doughnut .
the doors opened to reveal a hallway with people , all in surgical greens , walking back and forth .
there were splatters of purple on the blades , yes , but the color beneath was a perfectly normal green .
nevertheless he loved the somber colors of the city , which struck him as quite particular , ochers and olive greens and dark roman reds and deep grays .
he could smell the christmas greens , mingling with the sweetness of the flowers and the burning wax .
he only knew for certain that the twilight was singing ; the heat was singing ; he let his gaze drift to the other mansions around him , noting nothing perhaps but the flowing harmony of fence and column and brickwork and even tiny faltering crepe myrtles struggling for life on strips of velvet green .
except for the large oak trees and the soft velvet green of the grass , the neighborhood had nothing of the atmosphere of new orleans .
everywhere people admired the restoration : the soft peach color of the parlor walls , and the beige silk draperies ; the dark somber green of the library , and the glowing white woodwork throughout .
rimmed in frost , they were nevertheless filled with the pale green of landscape beyond .
the expanses of bright green .
the liquid crystal display showed an outline in bright green .
it appeared to be some kind of demonstration or practice ; the knights were surrounded by a circle of young men in livery - some wearing bright green , the others in yellow and gold , apparently the colors of the two knights .
smears of deep blue , purple , and dark green appeared like puffs of smoke where the expanding ring struck molly , will , and georgia , and the three of them simply collapsed , dropping into sprawling heaps on the dock and the deck of the boat .
barbie had no great love for either the endlessly grinning andy sanders or for dodee the dim , who had almost certainly helped her good jfriend angie spread the rumor that had caused barbie 's trouble at dipper 's , but the idea that those body parts ( it was the green - clad leg his mind 's eye kept trying to look at ) had belonged to dodee 's mother ... the first selectman 's wife ... ' [ me too , ' rose said , and put her cigarette out in the ketchup .
when you turned the instrument on and pointed the sensor at something , the needle might stay in the green , rise to the yellow center of the dial ... or go over into the red.that , barbie assumed , would not be good .
what i ' m hoping is that the radiation count does n't go much higher than the last reading the kids got , which was still in the green . '
the dial on the one from the house read only half full , but the needle on the one from the garage was all the way in the green .
this one was bright with ribbons of darker colors - deep blues , greens , and blood reds .
like most places in hallandren , the room was swollen with colors ; the walls were made from thin strips of reedlike wood , stained in bright yellows and greens .
but it 's a different green .
behind her stood a dark - haired goddess wearing a lavish - and revealing - gown of green and silver .
he was all knees and elbows , especially in the surgical greens he was wearing , his face was lean and angular , his nose beaky , and his eyes were bright behind the prescription glasses .
the seeking spell came to rest a block and a half south of goudy square park , a little slice of green the city managed to squeeze in amidst a bunch of architecture .
his eyes were still green - but they were the green of a summer hunter 's blind , bright and intelligent and predatory , but touched with more ... something .
the lights were all of soft blues and greens , small lamps that , upon a closer glance , proved to be elegant little crystal cages containing tiny , humanoid forms with wings .
there were three of them , one red , one green , one blue , all silk , all undoubtedly worth a small fortune .
the thinny buzzed , and above where it lay , the surface of the smoke was stained a mystic shade of palest green .
two sets of eyes - one green and one brown - looked at her in concern .
` ` all i ' m hearing is a lot of talk here ... '' he narrowed his eyes , the green glittering beneath the slits of his eyelids .
instantly his attention snapped to them and the black of his eyes swallowed the green .
heat and darkness flared in his eyes , the green swallowed up by the gold , for a second before he shook his head as though to clear it .
she was an experimental cross - breed of a malachite reaper and a light - weight pascal 's blue , who had come out rather larger , slower , and more nervous than the breeders had hoped ; and her coloring was not ideal for any sort of camouflage : the body and wings mostly bright blue and streaked with shades of pale green , with widely scattered spines along her back .
` ` mr . allen , a signal for the ships : storm anchors , not in our code , in the navy 's - yes , the red and white , and then the green , and then the red circle .
her eyes were a pale green , a colour that would now make me think of tinted contact lenses ; but this was thirty years ago ; things were different then .
the woman glanced up at me then , and if i had doubted that she was the devil before , i was certain of it now : the woman 's eyes flashed red fire at me , but you can see no red through the night - vision binoculars , only shades of a green .
her eyes were a pale green , a color that would now make me think of tinted contact lenses ; but this was thirty years ago ; things were different then .
it seemed almost as if it were glowing , gently , in the sunlight , as if its feathers were made of sunlight , iridescent with purples and greens and golds .
he turned a pained reddish green , seeming to huddle around himself .
the ` ` stars '' were all blues and greens and peaches , lavenders and rosy hues ; and there was no single sun or moon but rather thousands of them , small and large and all sharing the sky .
i took the creaky little elevator up to the top floor along with two people who never glanced at me once , and followed the snaking corridors out into the air and past the herb garden till i came to the green railing over the courtyard .
these dogs advance deliberately , purposefully , the wilderness made flesh , their teeth yellow , their breath a .. stink , while in the distance their owners witter , ` ` he 's an old soppy really , just poke him if he 's a nuisance , '' and in the green of their eyes the red campfires of the pleistocene gleam and flicker ...
they were not blue , or green , or brown , or gray ; they reminded him of fire opals : there were burning greens and blues , and even reds and yellows that vanished and glinted as she moved .
inside the silver box , on a nest of red velvet , was a large duck 's egg , pale blue green in the moonlight .
they were the green of emeralds .
over the noise of the wind i heard the barman talking to himself : ` ` winnow with giant arms the slumbering green , '' he was saying .
the bonfire burned brighter now ; burned with the green of the world beneath the sea , the green of algae and of slowly drifting weed ; burned with the color of emeralds .
the bonfire burned brighter now ; burned with the green of the world beneath the sea , the green of algae and of slowly drifting weed ; burned with the color of emeralds .
stars appeared above him and dropped away and dissolved into blues and greens , and it was with a deep sense of disappointment that he became richard grey and came to himself once more , filled with an unfamiliar emotion .
it was neither a gangrenous green nor a leprous white , but looked perfectly normal , except for the slightly swollen tip and the clear discharge that lubricated the hole .
i stopped the angel who had the green .
first , there was the valley on the mainland , the whitewashed house in the gentle meadow with the burn splashing through it , a house that sat like a square of white sky against the green of the grass and the heather just beginning to purple .
its fan - shaped upper wings opened , revealing vivid golden eyespots ; its trailing lower wings formed two perfect arabesques , all a milky , luminous green .
` ` even if you do not buy a particularly decent one , you might buy something clean ; and that coat is nothing like green : not at all .
she shook out her wings and glared the brilliant green of her eyes at laurence .
deep chests and heavy shoulders were common as well , but their hides were of peculiarly motley appearance , muddied greens and yellows and browns .
so while he knew that he was seeing a bird , mad - eyed , ragged - feathered , bigger than any eagle , taller than an ostrich , its beak the cruel tearing weapon of a raptor , its feathers the color of slate overlaid with an oilslick sheen , making a dark rainbow of purples and greens , he really only knew that for an instant , somewhere in the very back of his mind .
otherwise , it might have been a statue , or a mound of sand that looked , due to a trick of the light , like a monstrous beast , for its coat was a sandy color , its unblinking eyes the green of the midwinter sea .
taken in whole , the tapestry moved from black and grays of the flood of fire to the blues and greens of the flood of water to the red and crimson of the flood of blood to the white and yellow of the flood of light .
she rounded the turn and the dark red spread into a glow of amber , orange , blues and greens .
it stabilized to a steady green .
he glanced behind , only to see a faint flash of green through his goggles as something fell from an overhanging tree limb and shattered against a rock under it .
spruces , flocked with snow , shone emerald in the sunlight , while stands of hardwoods - alder and cottonwood - painted the landscape in subtler shades of greens and yellows .
then he spotted the shimmering bands and streamers rising from the horizon , flickers of greens , reds , and blues .
matt was relieved to see that the gawkers wore parkas of vibrant colors : greens , blues , yellows , and reds .
the flash of green through the scopes whited out the view , blinding him .
bathed within the glow , the two bands fluoresced a soft green .
the light on the panel changed to green .
nathan was again struck by her eyes , an emerald green with a hint of gold .
through the night - vision lenses , the world both brightened and dissolved into a monochrome green .
outlined in the monochrome green of his night scope , a pair of men - rangers , to judge by the way they carried their weapons - slipped away from the fiery rafts and called back into the forest .
she also recognized the slash of green across the white shell of the aircraft .
moments later , a crewman dressed in the same border patrol green helped her out of the helicopter and into the zodiac .
the dark alleyway bloomed into crisp greens and whites .
the world dissolved to greens and whites .
the world brightened in tones of green and silver .
the world brightened into shades of green and silver .
old wooden fishing boats dotted the bay , painted in vibrant jeweled hues : ruby reds , sapphire blues , emerald greens .
lightning spattered , flashing the jungle into stark greens and blacks , limned in silver by the reflection off the wet leaves .
cyanobacteria , commonly referred to as blue - green algae , were as ubiquitous as the sea itself .
a couple of old trucks , soviet - era green , sat rusted into the roadbed .
18 september 7 , 10:38 a.m. pripyat , ukraine gray secured the black belt over the russian field jacket , camouflaged in forest green .
he watched the red diode on the crossbow bolt suddenly blink to green .
even without the military green of the craft , hank recognized it as one of the utah national guard helicopters , even knew it was an apache longbow .
after one last haul , the group climbed clear of the cliffs and out onto a beautiful panorama of grasses and outcroppings painted in mosses and lichens in every shade of green .
a red light flashed to green above the dial , and the massive steel - plate door began to swing open on its own , all twenty tons of it .
everything remained a soft green .
a moment later the elevator door opened onto a wide carpeted corridor with walls of pale green .
hints of color started to come into the room - the cheap gold of the walls , the green of the blankets and sheet .
the external airlock went from soft red to soft green .
holden assumed that meant the greens were earth ships .
holden looked at the suit 's medical data again , but it kept reporting normal readings , all the numbers except for radiation comfortably in the green .
four medical gas cylinders : two red , one green , one blue .
bobbie flexed her knee once and got greens on her diagnostic .
bobbie desultorily poked her spork at the quivering mound of green on her plate .
` ` either way , a hit that gets into a corridor means superheated steam , '' he said , pressing the last seal along his side closed and checking the cheap green led that promised the oxygen was flowing .
the heating system flickered to yellow , then back to green .
holden said , ` ` we have greens across the board down here in ops .
there 's a whole lot of green on that board .
avasarala did n't do anything , but her tactical display resized , pulling back until the cluster of ships , red and white and the single defiant green , were less than a quarter of their original size and the massive curve of the moon 's surface impinged on the lower edge of the display .
the monitors were set to a tactical display , earth in blue , mars in red , the behemoth in orange , and the artifact at the center of the sphere in a deep forest green .
they all edged carefully across a landscape of greens , purples , and reds toward the swath of darkness .
the toxic orb swirled in bioluminescent shades : brilliant blues , electric greens , blood reds .
the mirialan 's face was a deep and unhealthy green .
the cut on his right head ridge had almost healed , but the scales there were the bright green of an adolescent .
a pathway of soft green followed where she traced .
two orange pathways appeared , intersecting the green .
the tallest stood hardly more than half a meter with a flat corrugated top that shifted to follow the sun and glittered the iridescent green of a beetle 's carapace .
bursts of color - blue and silver and crimson and green - flashed through them , seeming almost to come in patterns for a moment and then dissolving into chaos .
a branching of elegant green like a pictogram meaning tree .
there was actually a glint of green in her pupils that made havelock 's skin crawl .
and especially after eros station , he 's had more ... more radiation damage ... '' elvi closed her eyes , shutting out the green .
as he watched , the display showing the surface of the barbapiccola stuttered , and one of the red - flagged foot supports changed to green .
the green that had enveloped the world was just as vivid at first .
long - sleeved button - down - hunter green .
her friend darla drove , theresa in the backseat holding her seven - year - old son 's hand and staring out the rain - beaded glass as the rainforest streaked past in a blur of dark green .
a bare wood table , on the other side of which sat pope , sans stetson and jacket , the sleeves of his hunter - green button - down rolled up to expose his forearms - thick and freckled and knotted with muscle .
down low , the beams were wrapped in several feet of dead and living vines , the brown and the green camouflaging the shape of the structure , blending it so seamlessly into the color of the forest that if you looked at it askance , it disappeared .
your vitals are all in the green .
pilcher smiles , imagining it - a warm day in may and the valley popping with blossoms and the baby greens and yellows of new leaves .
painted a military green , the rugged vehicles had oversized tires and growling engines .
kendra marveled at the variety and vibrancy of the leaf colors : fiery reds and oranges , deep blues and purples , electric yellows and greens .
other fruit possessed the rich shades of fine jewels : sapphire blues , emerald greens , and ruby reds .
glowing a soft green , she had an exquisite face and was pudgier than any fairy kendra had seen .
a polished dark green , it appeared to be carved out of speckled jade , and stood about six or seven inches tall .
a thorny green tattoo wreathed his thick upper arm .
their brittle branches scraped the sides of the wagon , their tiny green leaves the size of raindrops folding and pulling into the stalks .
he and jakamav had a direct path to the chrysalis , a hulking , oblong boulder of brown and faint green .
adolin moved between sweeps of his blade , deflecting the shardblade of the one in green , then warding away the one with the hammer .
adolin took a hit on the side of the helm from the man in green to do it .
this one had white - blonde hair tipped with florescent green that hung to her waist .
the dull light color was gone , replaced by bright green .
nails a faint green .
neither the green of the hoegbottons nor the red of the frankwrithe and lewdens , but all the colors mixed together .
the broad - chested muscular form of the man , tight in that characteristic ambergrisian uniform of olive green .
the light made them a fuzzy green , as if dusted with pollen .
coming over the wall : the lime scent , the rich greens of the religious quarter .
now that dome was spackled and overgrown with rich burnished copper - bronze - amber mold that met a sea of mixed sea greens and blues creeping up .
wearing the plain uniform of a private or irregular , all in muted green .
with that lack , the greens of the religious quarter burned even stronger in the sunlight .
a day before men and tanks had fought across that landscape , the light red - green at their backs .
still he soared , over the twinkling green of the religious quarter , over the dull white remains of the camps , over everything .
she wore forest green .
a glimpse of green and purple .
waves of color washing across them , strobing from greens to reds to blues , and back again .
we knew only what we had gleaned from mom 's rare but unsettling bedtime stories about the ` ` mushroom dwellers of ambergris , '' and a brief description from a book for children that had delighted and unnerved us simultaneously : fifty mushroom dwellers now spilled out from the alcove gateway , macabre in their very peacefulness and the even hum - thrum of their breath : stunted in growth , wrapped in robes the pale gray - green of a frog 's underbelly , their heads hidden by wide - brimmed gray felt hats that , like the hooded tops of their namesakes , covered them to the neck .
the bewildering greens and purples of darcimba 's ` ` the kiosks of trillian square '' competed with the withered yellows of ancient explorers ' maps , with the red arrows that indicated skirmishes on military schemata .
the half - moons of his fingernails shone a faint green .
he looked up at me , his face whiter even than his white robes against the tousle of black hair , his eyes a glistening green , his mouth forming a half - conscious ` ` o , '' the long match held with divine grace in his slightly upturned right hand .
she wore it bravely nonetheless , struggling not to be lost in the greens of it .
i amused myself by rating each landscape against the next until my vision blurred - sobbing uncontrollably and staring down at the rewelded floors of the compartment while wondering what rats and hobos had lived there before the exhumation , what myriad battles over bread or scraps of clothing or glints of loose change had taken place , and how much dried blood had been painted over , and was that a scar the workmen had been unable to remove in the shape of the gray caps ' favorite symbol , and what was that stain / vein of green along the lower right side of the seats opposite - some fungus , some mold , some rot - and so just generally composing a long sentence in my head to keep out the emptiness , the sadness , and the plain old ordinary human embarrassment of what had occurred : waking up from my attempt to find duncan and sybel looking down at me with a mixture of pity and sorrow .
toadlike james lacond , ever - present cigar between his lips - his usual nicean reserve - had a patch of tendrils , a brilliant green , growing off the left side of his balding head .
the center of its mosaic dome - a stylized scene of morrow cavalry riding to ambergris ' defense during the silence - had disappeared , the shards of its dissolution having simply vanished , assimilated , replaced by an intense green that shed its light in waves upon the stage .
you could see through the green to the stars in the sky beyond , as if the green were no more substantial than gauze , than fog , and yet it sparkled and spun , each particle of it , as it shed the light that allowed us to see as we found our seats .
you could see through the green to the stars in the sky beyond , as if the green were no more substantial than gauze , than fog , and yet it sparkled and spun , each particle of it , as it shed the light that allowed us to see as we found our seats .
through the darkness , i could see the sightless eyes of certain mushrooms , the fiery green of creeping mosses .
i asked her while all around us the tendrils swayed , and the green was not one green but a thousand shades of it , and the intensity of the voices in my ears made me want to shout to be heard , although i knew no one could hear them but me .
where they were on , they illuminated everything in purples or greens .
the purple and the green both came from spores .
sometimes , sybel stared out at me from a nearby tree , sporting a not - unsympathetic smirk on his face and dressed in his most familiar outfit : the woodland greens and browns of his youth .
every building - every surface - had symbols and words written upon its sides : glowing and bold , in phosphorescent greens , yellows , reds , purples , blues .
everything was in shades of blues , purples , greens , and reds .
he wore forest green , his longbow was handy , and he obviously had a high opinion of himself .
i winged my way down over the cherek bore and that patchwork quilt of greens and browns that 's called sendaria .
the tumbled grey stones of the half - fallen buildings stood out sharply in the light of the sunrise , and the newly cleared road stretching toward the north was a yellow scar cut deeply into the face of the dark green of the jungle .
' there 's not a hint of green in any direction , my lords , ' khalad declared .
the boulders in the stream - bed below were starkly white , and the swift - moving river was a dark , sun - illuminated green .
ehlana wore an emerald green gown this morning , and she looked particularly lovely .
she wore a light green , cowled robe ; despite the fact that she was indoors , she had the hood pulled up , partially concealing her face .
at first nothing seemed to happen , but then tiny specks of green appeared on the top of the dampened dirt .
from beneath its robe of shadow , it took what appeared to be a scepter or a wand of some kind that blazed an intense green .
you and i are both of the green , however , and our elevation to the purple will be more genuine than hers was .
the boy rose early each morning and ate his breakfast impatiently , knowing that the chestnut stallion was waiting just outside the cottage and that , as soon as breakfast was over , the two of them could gallop out through the dewdrenched grass glistening green and lush in the slanting , golden rays of the morning sun and pound up the long slopes of the hills lying before them with the cool , sweet morning air rushing past them .
the hair was precisely the same deep auburn ; the complexion was that same golden - tinged olive ; and the eyes were of that exact same green .
then he hurled it forth , and the hideous statues encircling the interior of the vast temple began to shimmer , changing from marble - white to greens and blues and bloody reds , and the babble of their inhuman voices filled the dome .
the forest to the west of the beach where they 'd come ashore was quite extensive , and , since it was autumn now , the leaves of those trees were red and gold rather than the bright green of summer .
the coast ahead loomed larger - a white sand beach backed by the dark green of the arendish forest .
the meadows were a dusty autumn green , and the streams and lakes sparkled in the sun .
slowly , beneath the pale skin of her naked shoulder and throat , curious patches of color began to appear , a faint mottling of green and purple that seemed to shift and pulsate , growing first quite visible and then fading .
streaks of color raced by - the greens and browns of a forest - and the wind ripped at the woman 's clothes as she held on to the frame of the opening .
a jeweled tiara gleamed amidst her long golden hair , its emeralds a perfect match for the green of her eyes .
both had chosen a deep green that matched their eyes .
dany slowed to a trot and rode out onto the plain , losing herself in the green , blessedly alone .
no other armorer in the city could get that deep a green ; he knew the secret of putting color in the steel itself , paint and enamel were the crutches of a journeyman .
the man 's clothes were filthy , fallen almost to pieces , patched here with brown and here with blue and there with a dark green , and faded everywhere to grey , but once that cloak might have been black .
now the stone was covered with hunting tapestries , vivid with greens and browns and blues , and yet still it seemed to ned stark that the only color in the hall was the red of blood .
for once she was dressed simply , in leather boots and hunting greens .
lord renly was still in his hunting greens , his cloak spattered with blood .
his eyes were a pale green , flecked with gold .
he could see the deep green of the grass , and smell the pollen on the wind .
the color would be a murky green , he knew , but the poor light made that impossible to confirm .
guyard the green , who fancied himself a singer , diddled a harp and gave them a verse about tying lions ' tails in knots , parts of which rhymed .
` ` beg all you like , '' said ser guyard the green , ` ` by rights it should be one of the seven who strikes the first blow . ''
the king 's armor was a deep green , the green of leaves in a summer wood , so dark it drank the candlelight .
to south and east the wood went on as far as jon could see , a vast tangle of root and limb painted in a thousand shades of green , with here and there a patch of red where a weirwood shouldered through the pines and sentinels , or a blush of yellow where some broadleafs had begun to turn .
black , they seemed ... it was only when his torchlight brushed against them that jon glimpsed a flash of green .
guyard the green , yes ?
the mold - eaten carpet under her feet had once been gorgeously colored , and whorls of gold could still be seen in the fabric , glinting broken amidst the faded grey and mottled green .
they flew the red or green apples of house fossoway , the turtle of estermont , and the fox - and - flowers of florent , and their commander was ser guyard morrigen , a famous southron knight who men now called guyard the green .
he watched the forest go from grey to green below him as light filtered through the silent trees .
the red leaves of the weirwood were a blaze of flame among the green .
the sky was red and orange and garish green .
arya had started to roll it up when the colors caught her eye : the blue of lakes and rivers , the red dots where castles and cities could be found , the green of woods .
over his mail he wore a soiled white surcoat with a weeping willow embroidered in pale green , but his cloak was fastened with a silver trout .
the soldier pines were dressed in somber greens , the broadleafs in russets and faded golds already beginning to brown .
lord tywin 's eyes were a pale green flecked with gold , as luminous as they were merciless .
she thought he looked even finer in white than in the greens and golds of house tyrell .
rhaegal was made of the green of summer and the bronze of fall .
` ` prince of the green . ''
his faded greens were mended here and there with old leather patches , and he wore a brace of throwing knives on his hip and a woodman 's axe slung across his back .
the sword of the morning still hung in the south , the bright white star in its hilt blazing like a diamond in the dawn , but the blacks and greys of the darkling forest were turning once again to greens and golds , reds and russets .
he could see their banners flying as the riders emerged from the green of the living wood in a long dusty column .
the grey of the sky grew lighter still , and the trees and shrubs turned a dark green beneath their stoles of snow .
a man in patched , faded greens was sitting crosslegged atop a weathered stone sepulcher , fingering the strings of a woodharp .
one of his drowned men handed him a robe of heavy roughspun dyed in mottled greens and blues and greys , the colors of the sea and the drowned god .
in half a heartbeat its interior was alive with light , red , yellow , orange ... and green , an ominous dark green , the color of bile and jade and pyromancer 's piss .
it was made of shimmering silk , pale green above and yellow below , the colors blending into one another .
garin was the first to spy the river glimmering green .
it took its name from the murky green of its sluggish waters ; but as they approached , the sunlight seemed to turn those waters gold .
he was a small fellow , garbed in ragged green breeches and a frayed tunic of a lighter shade of green , with brown leather patches covering the holes .
the younger , no more than fifteen , had an even longer braid , dyed a garish green .
the guard jerked his head toward a body rotting on the floor beside the door , its flesh green and crawling with maggots .
` ` the white one is viserion , the green is rhaegal .
across the pit the graces sat in flowing robes of many colors , clustered around the austere figure of galazza galare , who alone amongst them wore the green .
the light of quentyn 's torch washed over scales of dark green , the green of moss in the deep woods at dusk , just before the last light fades .
the light of quentyn 's torch washed over scales of dark green , the green of moss in the deep woods at dusk , just before the last light fades .
though she walked through a green kingdom , it was not the deep rich green of summer .
shining forest greens and rough - textured desert browns , shimmering ocean blues and velvet ebony blacks , all stitched together with gold thread .
each building appears to have the ability to change colors on a whim ( two have already shifted from a pastel green to a deep blue , and one changes from gold to white ) , and each building looks brand - new , polished and flawless in a way that very few republic buildings are .
her eyes are a very pale green , her hair blond , her skin porcelain white .
the flagship of the king crossed abruptly from the limpid green of shallow water to the dark indigo of limitless depths .
hercules blinked at her , his eyes reflecting green in the candlelight .
` ` this is an encouraging sign , '' seth says , tapping the light on his neck , which has been blinking a regular green ever since they started up the coffin .
' there it is , ' my mother says , and what she means is that the dot we ' ve been nearing for weeks , the one that 's been growing into a larger dot with two smaller dots circling it , has now become even larger than that , growing from a dot to a disc , shining back the light from its sun , until you can see the blue of its oceans , the green of its forests , the white of its polar caps , a circle of colour against the black beyond .
he presses the remote again , dialling the screen with his thumb until a light flashes out the end of the remote device , projecting a three - dimensional picture that hangs in mid - air , lit up in bright greens because of night vision .
it was no surprise when the green succumbed to the wilderness , but it came as a shock when the veterans fell victim .
well , if i could have anything , it would be for the green - skinned yet beautiful queen of mars to rescue me so she can learn more about this earth thing called ` ` lovemaking '' .
not with blinking lights like an airplane : it was like the globe was filled with a glowing gas , pale yellows and greens .
he was a dull olive green , with bloodred splotches around his head and shoulders .
naida had given her a beautiful fish scaled gown that clung to her every curve and shined a blue green in the light .
the sky appeared to be a strange shade of green and was nearly cloudless .
every single blade of grass was the brightest most perfect shade of green and it was dotted with thick fragrant flowers .
only eat pigs feet with collard greens ... , baycliff announces .
tulu sports a mint green frilly blouse with a high collar as she displays a white cameo around her protected throat along with two sets of black buckle belts around her tiny waist paired with an ankle - length red fishtail skirt that hikes to her knee , showing a little bit of red and white vertical silk stockings tucked into her black leather laced tied boots with a green and red heart designed mini - tea topper hat on the right side of her face without any veil so she can kiss and see mccamy .
the walls paint in dark green color while the wooden molding trims in a lighter green with hundreds of hand - painted portraits of male and female nobles sitting , standing and dancing inside the timeless art .
zak wears the same fabric of light green like ivys with a set of bright red hair , a pair of blue eyes , and a bronze skin tone from many years of living and working the farming life on planet agri .
he wears the same outfit , a floor - length white robe , sandaled feet , dragging a long leash of a big overgrown orange animal that snort green snot from nostrils and grunts yellow spit from black lips .
we stroll to the entrance of mansion which looks like an earthquake smashed three separate distinct houses , together , forming an ugly sprawling castle , consisting of wood fresh green logs , natural silver limestone , and red clay bricks surrounded by a deep hunter green painted on wood trim .
i scan with eyeballs the agri - castle , the floor , the walls , the ceiling , the wall trimmings , the staircase , and the furniture pieces all paint in shades of the color green like my throat vomit , when i m sick .
i softly word since i know the answer to the pop quiz and giggle with a girly twang as i record the data in the mini - bot for dirk while rann playfully slaps tys left bicep since ty still wears the tradition dress of planet sahara being the sexy sleeveless and shirtless open vest with matching trousers in the colors of hunter green which is the theme color of agri farm world .
dirk invites and smiles toothy then claps both his hands as four teams of pure white arabian horses pull a tiny hunter green painted wooden cart from the dark side of tunnel into the bright yellow sun light displaying a single big black shiny maser cannon while citizens hoots with owl noises .
bo has an aura that is trimmed in many circular bands of gleaming green for health , pink for love , and a yellow tone that represents friendliness which is all surrounded by a thick ring of silver as tina shifts her eyeballs slightly to the left catching the shimmery outer bound of bos aura within her peripheral angel - vision then twists her lips , funny .
mom snarls like a grizzle bear then her body shimmers in the bright glittering lights of green and yellow as she mysteriously words .
take me down to the paradise city where the green is green and the girls are pretty .
` ` and that sea green is a great color on you , m , '' deb chimed in .
the once - verdant green of the trees foliage had browned and crumbled at dormers touch as he drained its life and transferred it to haven .
at the end of a wilderness lane , where the dirt path disintegrated into grasping green , flies murmured and buzzed around her head , disturbing the temperate summers day .
her pants were a shade of lime green , which actually was flattering on her slim figure .
i thought of the skinny jeans i d chosen to throw on coupled with my princess sleeved fitted tee that sported a bright glittery silver halo smack on the front of my chest against the glowing green that matched my eyes .
the dark stormy green glowed from where he stood dueling good and evil .
its coloring was a mottled green with flecks of brown scattered unevenly all over its body .
blast it , two heads just tossed my green orix over the edge !
blues , greens , reds , oranges ; they all bled into each other , rushing through the light like ripples in a stream .
sarah blinked as every detail along the forests edge sharpened into focus : the feathery green of a fern , the uneven bark of a tree , even a tiny , six - legged insect scurrying across a red - veined leaf .
his eyes are more a jade green , muddier than the clear , brilliant green of emeralds .
he raises his eyes to my face , the green fringed by heavy dark lashes .
the whole world 's gone grey from the rain so that even the green of his eyes is lost to me .
* in the newspaper pictures , the swords hilt gleamed with all the emerald greens , sapphire blues and ruby reds that had disappeared from her mums life .
the huge variety of greens and yellows in the trees , hedgerows and crops .
she had an oval shaped face and cat shaped eyes with pupils the color of forest green .
he ignores the green of the massive leaves and the smells of the grass , bushes and flowers .
listen close and hear the bark of the color yellow green and at that time you will find the god that has remained unseen .
listen close and hear the bark of the color yellow / green , noi faces the bay of biscay , bay is another word for bark and biscay green is a yellow green color .
the safe monotone greens gave way to the firry oranges , brilliant reds and charred browns .
one blue and the other green and both looked like they were colors derived from atlantis itself that could be found nowhere else .
there were more fish than water along the edge and their metallic scales of greens , blues and yellows glinted in the warm sunshine .
the color of their eyes was electrified in blues and greens .
it reminded me of a sandcastle someone would make on the beach only these had round stones of greens , blues , and yellows imbedded into the sand walls .
ancient stone buildings protruded from treeless mounds of rock and rain - washed green that made up iona .
it fell to the floor , twitched a few times and leaked a pool of putrid green from its hairy thorax .
where most valley and mountain people had dark eyes , tethers eyes were a vivid green .
now that i was closer i could see a deep cleft in his chin and a ring of green around the brown in his eyes .
deep in the green , beneath the waves , far down where massive blocks of stone piled in weighty majesty to create palaces .
she felt it brush against her as she propelled herself forward and ever downward through the green through the phosphorescence and almost felt its whispered thoughts .
this dream : for a week now these spells had been recurring , calling her down to dive deep into the green among those colored ribbons .
a crew of forty or so shahee , or sea nomads , clothed in their customary green , stood beside it .
radioactive green .
yet when he burst up again to the surface , he was not ripped in two ; no bright blood foamed red into the green ; there was no gory , shark - inflicted wound as jade had imagined , no flashing teeth .
just as she was about to plunge forward , a flash against the green made her turn her head : kyles orange board slipping down the side of a wave .
a fogginess enwrapped her and she began to sink into the deep green .
jade grabbed the basin from the floor and whipped it under his face just as a torrent of deep green erupted from his throat .
i ca n't help but feel a bit hypnotized by the greens , browns and yellows that make up the hazel color of his eyes .
they still take me back a bit seeing as how they were a bold emerald green when i first met him .
minutes wore on as pinks , yellows , and greens rolled by .
i grinned at passing tropical fish in startling reds , blues , greens , and yellows .
both had inherited their mothers western continent coloring , a blend of pearly white and sea grass green that set their bold sea - colored eyes off handsomely .
what happened after , as we struggled to graft into this new home world , the choices i faced , and whether or not i would choose the forbidden cast of green over silver , are another story to tell .
she turns a shade of green with her warped smile and then she is normal .
the water had turned a healthy - looking green and smelled very medicinal .
finding nothing in the way of furniture close by , garn resolved himself to stepping gingerly up on the unconscious body of one hefty individual dressed in green .
the one on the left was golden while the other a pale green .
garn 's eyes were wide open and were glowing a bright green in color , contrasting the yellows and red of the rest of the light .
the hills were covered in an amazing variety of greens , of weirdly shaped leaves , of exotic trees and their vibrant blooms .
i only wanted to come here to give you somethin the nearby projector let out a muted spluttering sound as , like an oversized roman candle , it spat out first a red flare then a green and a yellow one .
the raptors fell away from him , screeching angrily as the green in their eyes fades .
its eyes were a brilliant green .
its eyes were glowing a fierce green .
his skin changes color to a emerald green and is hard as rock , his eyes look yellow and reptilian matching his bright wings that sprout from his back along with a spiked tail and cruls of smoke puff from his mouth indicating that he can now blow fire too .
i studied his eyes , the green in his eyes were sometimes so dark they looked nearly black .
look , emma said suddenly , pointing in the direction they moved , and when everyone turned their heads , ian standing up on top of his seat for a better look , they saw a patch of green in the distance , rapidly coming closer .
then he turned and stared into the jungle , the deep greens and the silver , and something else that confused him .
they disappeared without a sound into the leafy green , leaving only a trail of cocoa nuts behind them .
we were now in what is considered upstate new york and gazing upon an endless expanse of mountainous green .
before making our way into the forest green , our group of four enjoyed lunch at a concession area near the rivers edge .
ahead she saw a ramp leading downwards to a congregation of people dressed in greens , browns , and blacks ; their bows and quivers strung across their backs , swords patting gently against their thighs .
a boy stood there , and the green of his eyes told me that he was eves twin brother .
he did feel content with the vibrant green and browns in the place of his birth , but now it felt empty .
i focused on the emerald green of his eyes and his smile .
the box he handed me was small , the paper a bright green secured by a white and green polka dot bow .
the lump is brightly colored in reds , blues , greens , pinks , and whites .
my eyeballs stretch with miles of deep green to endless blue water using a tele - sight .
colours only she could get away with ; bright greens and dazzling blues for the eyes .
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx_itunes_trial_cliffhanger_xxxxxxxxxxxxxx chapter five hunter green always hated his name .
chapter three as mark stepped off the bus , the city 's mossy greens were already deepening to indigo shadows .
it had swirling designs of various shades of blue and tinges of green .
he held up a small card with shifting colors of blues and greens that slowly formed the word congratulations .
the air sizzled with fire , and altered between normal light and the green that made me feel sick .
tiny toad stools skirted the bases of the trees and looked nearly black with swirling colors of blues , purples and greens .
its green again .
the cut over his lip was all but healing , and the bruise around his eye had lightened to green and purple , but at least he could open it .
i looked deep into his eyes , the green had returned .
the longer my body was in contact with his , the stronger i felt ; my vision became crisp ; the colors of the trees turned from dull to vibrant greens and browns .
my brother is 11 , by the way , so the bike is a rusty neon green mongoose , completely lame , but what else was i going to do ?
he cocks his head , a little grease paint dabbing on the lighter green of his t - shirt .
even if it is full of carbs and spastic sugary green icing ?
the world seemed to clash , swirling in smears of greens and blues .
we walked onto the flat concrete roof , where around thirty people stood holding up placards and protest signs , which all seemed to be written in glow - in - the - dark ink , in reds , greens , blues and yellows .
it was like watching the tree grow in fast forward ; one of the branches thickened and the leaves turned a darker shade of green just as a plump apple appeared above her head .
now , however , the endless green was interrupted by a large blotch of black , which also reached a fair distance .
she raised her eyes to him in the same slow motion , gazing into his forest greens that were a few inches above her own with caution .
with her navy blue eyes focused on a patch of green , she let the image in her mind overtake her senses before letting them overtake her magic .
it was such a reward to gaze upon the brilliant green that once again stretched from horizon to horizon .
she picked up the robe and stuffed it underneath her dress , as soon as the white fabric covered the tattered green , it became invisible .
all the colors of things around me became deeply saturated , the red of my dress , the green of gideons eyes .
the room was pure white with coloured lines oranges , pinks , blues , greens and reds forming off to different doorways and paths .
the hint of green in my hazel eyes appeared paler this morning , dimmed and resentful at the forced awakening , and the dark smudges of yesterdays makeup darkened the bags under my eyes .
three dots above the buttons light up ; one green , one red , and one blue .
the steady green means the small machine is recording ; the blinking red means that the tape is nearly full , and i m not sure what blue means .
her eyes widen , the green of her irises disappearing when she catches what she said .
my eyes are set to the painting and i feel like i know the girl shying away from meher hazel eyes , her long , dark brown curls , her fondness for the color green .
its green and made out of a high quality stainless steel , not the standard issue we got at innocents , and certainly not something they would hand out to murderers .
the small fire burned quickly , the flames going from white to blue to green before collapsing in a pile of ashes that smelled of burnt sage and basil and charred wood .
his laugh was nice and easy , and i noticed that his eyes were a beautiful leaf green .
i headed past the other ten mustangs , candy - apple reds , canary yellows , a night black convertible , and emerald greens .
but as she lifted up the bow the bird alighted and quickly disappeared into the deep green of the nearby woods she shook her head as she snapped the arrow back into the quiver .
the green of the leaves was bright and reflective through the glass of the bus windows .
its leaves were of the darkest green and the trunk was almost serpentine .
everything sparkling green , but no real substance .
katelyns eye caught the green on his table .
austin quickly stole a direct glance at the girl , and saw that her eyes were a light , minty green .
the contrast between gray city surrounded by vibrant greens , browns , and blues , left me breathless .
within the swirly landscape stood the most adorable sandstone structures hiding in the luscious green of the terrain .
the green was supposed to signal us as a special case because of my chair .
it certainly was nt the whitewashed , sterile office in bethnal green that i was used to .
he 's dressed in a white button - up and a green tie , not tacky green but a dignified forest green .
he wore different coloured socks , one blue , and the other green .
shortly after i set down i noticed a steady stream of smoke rising just beyond the thick luscious green and ivy choked tree line and smelled the sweet aroma of burning damo vines .
the colour of the plastic square changed to green .
the dress she wore was the same sea foam green as her ball gown , her long blonde hair pulled into the same soft up do as before .
for all of the nonchalance of his words , he was looking a little green himself .
ella stared out the window at a sea of green as the car trundled down a pitted road between the rows .
the mountaintops were crystalline , each jagged precipice sharpened to a razors edge , the flatlands of the valley awash in deep greens and purples .
did you give them a lot of greens when they were younger ?
a flash of green .
my hand flew to my mouth in amazement as i spun around , taking in the lush greens of the soft grass under my newly bare feet , and the fragile blue of the duck - egg sky overhead .
this whole world was cast in a variety of greens : lime , jade , emerald , olive each individual leaf or blade of grass seemed to be shaded in a color entirely its own .
clinging to the coast , flashing below them were histories of lush green ; pearls of lustrous fruit - dappled palm treasures .
in a chair sat a bedouin boy holding a shell shaped urn ; desert sun catching the green of his kohl rimmed eyes , their light echoing those of a young woman in simple desert robes .
taking in the decoration of light blue and purple flowers , he turned to examine the dancing men and women , who wore gentle blues , greens , and creams .
your stomach turns a slimy green , and pus pours out like whipping cream .
he narrows his eyes in agitation , his eyes change into a darker green and his brows furrow like he s trying to come up with something good to say .
red and yellows , blues and greens .
not brown , or even pale green like the other beautiful ones , but almost blue .
the world around me wavered in and out of focus ; a myriad of blues , grays and greens that swirled together like spilled paint .
the walls and floor were tiled a hideous green , and a white , cast - iron bath , with ornate , gold - painted feet , still stood in the centre of the room .
the once fine threads of the tapestry were so thin and worn that the picture had blurred into a shapeless mass of dull greens and reds and greys .
signs glowed in neon reds , blues , greens , and yellows .
the monitor screen came to life , turning a pale green .
she started moving the mouse around and clicking wildly , but nothing happened on the flat green of the screen .
dozens of lines in neon - bright reds , blues , and greens were glowing onand deeply inthe glass , and orange rows of strange symbols and shapes were flowing along many of these lines , like speeding trains .
she often tsked her tongue at the decrepit lawns devoid of flowers or sensible greens .
i would have thought it would be something like luminescent green that i d see .
he had dark hardwood floors and his room was painted a deep green , except for a large yellow lightening bolt that flashed across the room every few seconds .
bright oranges , reds , and greens splotched the house in a colorful array of designs .
willows belly erupted in fire as she looked into his eyes that reflected the yellows and greens of their surrounding .
it is a muted blue green , but still brighter than any of the previous layers .
luisa looked at the girl , who had hair as white as snow , the fairest white skin , and beautiful green with gray eyes .
in a few weeks , their bright green would be smothered in a white snow blanket , as would the rest of aryk .
the pits burst into brilliant shades of greens , blues , pinks , and yellows , flickering in the sunset like a horde of rainbow fireflies .
viktor found them both strikingcharlotta 's blonde hair against her blue dress , evenova 's tanned features against her green , yet it was their cross expressions that clashed with the ensemble .
the green of his eyes , a brilliant hue in the light of the afternoon sun shining through the windows .
kael straightened , the green of his eyes deepening when he looked at shai .
the pale light of the rising sun washed his face in a rosy glow , lightening the green of his eyes .
the green of his eyes were flecked with something dark , cold .
alice favored the color green .
it was spring so the shade of green would be pastel .
deep inside the stone trunk shone a line of living green , a hidden vein of the gnarled stonetree .
the vines created delicate twisting patterns of green against the sun - faded backdrop of the tan stucco .
at last , the bright red glow of an exit sign cut into the sea of green around them like a cherry bobber in a polluted lake .
in the background behind her , through thin wispy white drapes that stirred slightly in the breeze , a large expanse of green could be seen overlooked by dark mountains in the distance , jagged and threatening like claws .
but there are blues , greens and yellows too .
the pink does nt go with the green .
the color should have looked ridiculous on him , but it brought out the green in his hazel eyes instead .
the man was painted in oranges and reds and the woman in blues and greens .
again balkind 's wing filled his vision , this time outlined against a verdant green .
below them , the terrain sped by in a jumble of greens and browns : mostly woodlands with the occasional clearing .
the jungle edging the savannah was purple , with shades of violet , like the differences between dark and light green , and the grass of the savannah , like the grass that grows golden in a field , was just that , golden , except more bright than ` ` on earth . ''
` ` cute as a piece of limburger cheese on a slice of baked green squash ? ''
when the water settled , the horn sounded once more and the light changed back to green .
but with flickers of green and gold around the inside . ''
other works by kenechi udogu ( available digitally and in paperback ) aversion : book one of the mentalist series for gemma greens first time , things should have been straightforward .
observing the glow of the central processor tabitha noticed various tubes shuttling streams of softer glows in blues , greens , reds and yellows .
puke green .
jules lifts the roller and begins to cover the wall in the new cheerful green .
there were emerald greens and fuchsias , with clashing floral and plaid patterns beneath royal purple silk capes and leather boots with zips up the center , which seemed to be all the rage .
pretty patches of colors reflected on the congregation in pinks , yellows , and greens .
feeling really crappy , he was turning a putrid shade of green .
the door was smooth and the paint , custom - mixed to my favorite shade of apple green , was perfect .
the sun makes the branches sway and the apples change from red to the exact same green as your car .
you know , the green and the fact that you make the best apple pie we ve ever tasted .
i loved that fabric , a big paisley print of muted greens , pinks , and purples .
i think soft green would be beautiful for the bridesmaids , do nt you ?
to his even greater surprise , the carriage he was standing in was now painted in burgundy and cream , rather than the green and purple it had been when he had boarded .
beyond it was his dads pride and joy ; a fully restored lotus seven in british racing green .
and before you know it the oranges and blacks will be replaced by the reds and whites of christmas and then out come the yellows , greens and blues of easter , said zeus .
wave after wave of fireworks shot into the air in a dazzling display of purples , blues , greens and reds .
a slash of green in the middle of brilliant fall colors , the weeping willow looked out of place and so ordinary , except for the ravens .
the green in the jadeite appeared to swirl and ebb , causing it to vibrate .
and her eyes were weirdthe left one was silver gray and the other green .
up close , i noticed that his emerald eyes had darkened to the stormy green of the north atlantic ocean and a muscle ticked on his jaw .
i visualized a myriad of colors replacing the green .
chiseled inscriptions were patterned in green along it , and a prominent jadeite teardrop sat in the middle of the guard .
his eyes changed from eerie green to normal .
the room glowed with paint in effervescent colors : oranges , and reds , greens and blues ; beautiful silk floor pillows were scattered around the room .
only our eye color was different ; mine almost black like our hair , and his green like the color of emeralds .
his green eyes flashed a deep forest green and when he licked his lips nervously i knew i was in trouble .
its green , i whispered .
then for my outlaw fun after i slo poke shuttle safely away from the horses for safety half way up the second hill i quickly gun the gas pedal down to the floor while the old engine kicks into overdrive riding the truck like a snow mobile on pretend snow that colors in puke green instead of pure white while cleaning brilliantly the loose strands of hay and grain seedlings out the truck bed and over the horse field without daddys permission , of course .
the windows pretty in vivid colors of bold reds , greens , blues , yellows , oranges and maybe a touch of gold but it makes the auditorium look and feel dark since this is supposed to the house of almighty god , not a creepy hollywood movie set .
we nosily trot on boot heels down the entire length of the hallway reaching a new set of double doors that paints in puke green which designates the elementary grades of kindergarten , first , second , third , fourth , and fifth in case one of the kids vomits on the flooring which matches the flooring .
i see pinks , yellow , purples , greens , orange , gold colored beams of light , viewing the heavens , while shading my eyelashes .
minutes later the light changed to green .
the colours seemed brighter , all fluorescent green and blinding sunlight .
the room was a rich green from the foliage that filled the space , tall trees with broad canopies meant that the walls and ceilings of the room were hidden , giving the appearance of a real overgrown secret garden .
she was wearing a gross , dark green , that made her skin look so very dark like a gypsy .
soon i will be able to look out the window and see pinks and purples and blues and reds and greens !
a lady dressed in a hideous green , her hair and all , was twirling through the air , and it seemed to be on purpose .
his eyes were a soothing green , and he gave a smile that oozed confidence .
at least the black almost matched his hair and green was by far his favorite color .
in the second sketch , i painted his hair an outlandish green and yellow and made it stick out at all angles .
with a shake of her head , izzys red curls transformed into deep brown soft waves , her eyes flashed from her genetic green to ocean blue , and her skin darkened into a south beach tan .
the weakest wizard magic is a pale green , usually for a young wizard just coming into his magic .
as a wizard grows , the green gets deeper , more vivid .
why , it was the palest of pale greens , hugo , i said with a little more enjoyment than i d intended .
i was eighteen , with long , ash - blond hair and hazel eyes always on the verge of changing to a dark green .
then , one morning , looking out the window of my lab , staring at the full - blown colors of late autumn , a triumph of lovely ripe red and orange and deep yellow with the hint of some residual green , it hit me hard .
before my eyes , there was the little waterfall i had immortalized , framed by the green of the foliage and the white of the mist , with the pleasant addition of the sound of crashing pebbles and birds singing in a tree .
we took notes about how everything is created , like the green of the grass , the heat of the sun , the slick skin of a toad and your ability to make a taco shape with your tongue .
his bright green eyes were clear and nearly see - through out in the bright sun or when he was happy , but cloudy and almost a forest green when he was either angry or feeling down .
her pelt color was beautiful , with swirls of deep forest greens and lime - yellows in its pattern .
her eyes were drawn as if hypnotized towards the depths of the stone and its viscous , angrily swirling center ; aquas and greens in a constant , whirling spiral .
maybe a long time ago though after that she fell silent and presently they approached a large stone building embraced by a copse of trees that displayed a varied palate of greens .
the sun is shining , the trees are a brilliant green , and the stream is flowing and eddying in little swirls .
far on the other side another land shimmered in a haze like one sometimes sees on a hot day , but she could nt make out any details , only muted greens and blues painted in broad , watercolor brushstrokes .
in stark contrast lay the sea itself , that vast body of water forever shifting through deep blues and emerald greens ; boundless , unknown , unfamiliar .
it was frightening and beautiful , its colours reaching up into the sky ; blues and reds and greens .
where were the hues from alta , the brilliant greens and whites of sheith , the red and gold of charnath ?
they never noticed the sergeant and two of the soldiers from that same fight , all relieved of their bright red coats and dressed in simpler , drabber greens and grays , watching them , following them , listening to their conversations .
it brought out a hint of green in my hazel eyes .
in shades of black and dark green , the material looked expensive .
crystal blues , aqua greens , burnt reds the most unbelievable colors threading through the crashing waves .
she took a glance and noticed williams typical emerald greens had replaced the greedy black .
her eyes opened and she gave a start when williams distressed emerald greens drilled down into her baby blues .
william flew to her in a blink , his emerald greens drilling into her tear filled gems of blue .
there are yellows and greens and blacks and reds .
she gasped in shock and the black of her eyes shrank to reveal the piercing green of her irises .
the interlude where izzy was looking down and reading the big box by toni morrison , another introduction to freedom , was considered the best ever of izzy in her basic green and white .
` ` i ' m going to cancel all the melissa moments where i ' m reading in those green and whites , '' izzy said .
this particular shock treatment was n't going to work because the people in coronation were locked into the image of me in the specific green and whites i had been wearing .
then let it cool back to green .
the morning sun filtered through the leaves tinting the world in a shimmer of pale green .
the vines stretched for me , the thick skin of them a dark forest green that i had never known before , the color of primordial nature in contrast to the cultivated yellow - green of crops or the fresh teal of tame rivers .
the vines stretched for me , the thick skin of them a dark forest green that i had never known before , the color of primordial nature in contrast to the cultivated yellow - green of crops or the fresh teal of tame rivers .
some looked as if they d come straight from the ground , with vines and dirt wrapped around themselves and skin that shone a pale green even in the strange light .
his skin was golden , even in the wan silver light of the hall , and his eyes burned like fire in a setting full of earthy greens and browns .
there were too many trees between us flashes of green in a hundred different shades , and brown and black and gray mottled in between it all the distant impressions of robins black hair and oberons shadowed cloak only distinguishable because of the movement they made i was silently gasping for breath and moving with all the speed i could muster , trying with all my might to stay within distance .
eyes flash a luminous green as he takes a step toward me , hand outstretched .
or were they the soft green of a spring moss , just emerging from its wintry blanket ?
the rich greens of the earth , the deep blue of the sky , the pearlescent line of grey encircling the keep , it all bloomed into a rich beauty , and although kay had seen it hundreds of times , it still brought tears to her eyes to look at it .
the soccer pitch at grandview high was one of the few islands of green in the area , shining like an emerald lake stuck in the middle of a brown , dusty moonscape .
their brilliant green contrasted starkly with the brown desert surrounding them .
the boys were upwind , so the tractor seemed to move silently through the deep green of the alfalfa .
it would nt have been so bad if she was nt the only bright blue in a sea of deep green .
always the green .
first a dull green , a violent orange , a fiery blue , and finally a blazing silver .
the green of her irises swirled with iridescent light so that the shade of green varied depending on the lighting or her position .
titus did not miss the coolness that seeped into adrahs eyes , turning them into a very cool , wintry shade of green that bordered on shimmering white .
adrahs lips curled and her eyes twinkled and danced to a shimmering , silver - tinted sea green .
adrahs tone was gentle , as were her eyes , which had now gone soft green tinged with silver .
i tasted the word on my tongue even as my eyes drank in the endless green of the land .
i tasted the fresh green of basil , the tang of citrus , velvety butter , and a spice i could nt identify .
the room was beautiful , all soft greens and blues .
it started out looking brown and grey , but after a thorough cleaning , she was left with oranges , greens , browns , and dirty yellowscompliments of the 60s .
one was yellow and the other green .
i put on my school uniform , grey - green again with a silhouette of the pau brasil tree on the front .
i loved the green , the rocks , and the flowers .
the green of the hills disappeared .
she seemed far away , turning her head and muttering quietly to these strange people dressed in greens and browns .
that beautiful green with flecks of gold i was searching for was not there .
i was disappointed , i was hoping for that beautiful green of his fathers eyes .
glancing up at the clock , xander saw the glaring green of the digital numbers reading just after midnight .
his eyes were still a brilliant green , but they no longer held the fire that burned in them when he had first burst into the room .
it was well ; she did nt have any idea what it was , but it certainly was nt normal she felt her stomach sink and her anger disappeared instantly ; the cabinets quieted and her eyes returned to their normal green .
red hair cut into a chin - length bob with a stripe of green off to one side .
the water was dark and an odd - colored green .
past border green , the cliffs of gash valley lowered to join gentler slopes , and finally , her face was splashed with sunlight .
azalea got her blues and greens ready for when she was ready to start painting .
` ` no they 're not they got like little gold and silver laced through the green and this morning they just looked gold ...
what s wrong green ?
i was dressed in drab green with a woolen overcoat and wore the rank of captain yet i was no older than sixteen by the faint image in the window beyond the coal stove .
red hair faded to a pale rose , eyes as bright green but there were wrinkles , her smile as blinding as ever .
she could nt quite see the rolling hills beyond the gorem forest , but she could imagine their light green grasses adding even more color to the grays of the mountains , dark greens of the forest , and many colors of the sky .
suddenly a dozen people in greens and browns appeared from the trees .
the sky glowed an eerie green , worse than yesterday .
the green will look way better on you anyways .
he closed his eyes and grabbed some fabric , which turned out to be a plaid coat of reds , oranges and greens .
malin braced himself , looking for deirdres red hair , and found her quiet and content , seated near him in a gown of pale green .
her golden eyes reflected the scattering of gold leaves that were all around them , intermingling with the dark green of the firs .
the chill of winter faded into spring and then into the first warmth and lush green of early summer .
it was september , yet all about was still the green of blade and leaf , the pink and gold of flowers .
i feel the ground , it is frozen but the blades of green are soft and pliable .
i do n't see anything but a dragon , which is not green but an almost phosphorescent blue - green with smatterings of gold everywhere .
taken lizzie and lucas walked side by side for hours , never seeming to grow any closer to the wall of trees they were heading for , the deep green taunting them , forever miles away on the horizon .
round and sweet , its colour green that wakes you from your morning dream .
they billowed in the morning breeze , a kaleidoscope of blues , greens and yellows which reminded lizzie of something .
round and sweet , its colour green that wakes you from your morning dream okay , peas are green and a cockerel crows in the morning .
they both looked up to see the sky erupt into flames , the sinking sun looking as if it had exploded , the bursts of colours blazing through the sky , like lightning bolts or shooting stars , turning from orange to red to blue to green before fading in a silver shower of sparks , that rained down on the horizon .
it was a beautiful shade of green , the figure resembling that of a boy mermaid , with an intricately carved tail sweeping under its body whilst his upper torso held a tiny flute up to its lips .
i stare at the blob of greens .
his irises , they are a dull - looking green .
ignoring those footsteps , i focus my attention on mixing the paint so it turns a lovely shade of green , that emerald of zacs eyes .
i slowly walk seeing the raw colors of twinkling blues , greens , reds , oranges , indigos , yellows , pinks , purples , browns , grays , turquoises , golds , and magentas .
the oceans pretty sparkling green .
my legs began to mold together as the scales i had missed for so many years began turning my exposed skin to a beautiful shimmering green .
in her arms were hundreds of small eggs that lit with a brilliant green .
the green offset her black eyes and fiery red hair to perfection , she removed the cloak which encapsulated her frame , this had been a worthy prize from the first demon she had conquered , such was the fabric it were invisible to the naked eye , an attractive asset .
the dispersed cloud revealed the dragons all seeing eye at the centre of the globe , awakened at last from its slumber , its pupil a fiery red from the awakening force , blinking several times before the narrow slit returned to the green it once was .
the copters had green and white colouring , but not quite the same green as the wilizy used .
the purest green i have ever seen shines in front of me .
the mountains that stretched across the countryside were smothered in so many greens and every one of their lush mounds begged to be explored .
the green that all angels seemed to have in their eyes .
digging his feet into the ground , ripping up the earth from the effort , darius forced the vortex to open , slowly , inch by inch , to the size of a small window , through which he could see the luscious green of the garden .
she had eyes that sparkled with a brilliant green .
the wall against which i leant was similarly decorated , but with one quarter black and the remainder green .
in what light was able to creep through from the hallway there could be made out various tints of browns and greens , shades of mother earth .
she gave the front door a good hard slam as they left the house , to let everyone know that she had gone , and went with goomer , by the side of the cathedral where the sunlight flickered through the agitated green of the trees .
the animal attendants dress in hunter green .
the t - bubble look pretty around the ship when the blue and yellow blaze in dark green .
his skin was hardened , tough like leather , dark brown with the hint of green .
when he did , the green burned , sparking , as though the flames had fused with his irises .
even the grass has its own aura , of course it is just a faint green but it exists , and i know it !
they cave is no longer grey , i see a hint of green from patches of grass and the rain pouring in outside , i look down at my body and see patches of red that focus in close to my skin i never imagined my aura could be red .
* * * once they reached his office , coach green shut the door .
the officer asked coach green , where did you find this ?
chapter 15 ryan walked in to coach greens office .
chapter 23 dario sat in the chair directly across from coach green , who was on the phone talking to the police .
coach greens wide grin revealed his relief .
blue dim lights were swinging in the background , emerging with reds and greens .
gingers long black hair had been cut short ; her nails polished green .
the view was breathtaking as if the whole world just turned into a perfect combination of yellows , blues , and greens .
both wore greens and browns which would have provided good camouflage even had the sun been high in the sky .
allan had dressed in the greens and browns of the king 's rangers .
hoff looked into the shadow figures eyes , bluish green , a young pale face .
an aura of subtle blues , pinks and greens radiate from his being .
her straight blonde hair reaches her waist , and her eyes are an intense green .
he was wearing bright blue if i am not mistaken , though it was a while ago , and i suppose it could have been a green or an off green ... gatsby ?
the floors were tiled in a pattern of deep marbled greens and dark greys .
the camp gear that had been at the bottom of the mountain , had all been brought up , and the greens were cleaning out the rooms and setting up lodgings .
the green is a tart taste .
the square archway is painted in various shades of color reflecting the particular family unit from pinky - pink , hot red , electric blue , dark green , sparking silver , and neon orange depending on your family unit design and taste .
intragalaxy looks like a great big outline of a massive single cloud with the pinks , yellows , oranges , blues and greens sparkles intertwined through the cloud like a sewing thread of a piece of clothing .
then the wave of red descends prettily covering the pinks , yellows , blues , and greens of intragalaxy as she realizes the wave is one fluid motion of gathered meteorites bunched up together .
the seats were a variety of colors , including blues and purples and greens .
so , last year holts mom wore this costume that looked like it was from the victorian period , full skirt and a bodice and everything , and it was all different shades of greens and blues , and just covered in sequins .
kevins house was decorated in sky blue colour and white walls , promoting a calm view while ours , decorated by both of my parents when they were newly married , was coloured bright yellow and light green , to remind people of sunny days and green fields .
even stranger , however , were the small gatherings taking place beneath the largest of the greens trees .
when you re ready for the protein portion of your meal , simply flip the disk over to green , and the waiters will know to stop and slice you a piece of meat .
the picturesque landscape glittered in rich hues of green as the suns rays bounced off of the trees and grass .
chewy had told him how most korean children found westerners eyes with all their different greens and blues scary , almost monstrous .
close at hand , spiky blue wildflowers accented the green of a meadow flanked by oaks and some trees he d never seen before .
blues , yellows , and reds dotted the meadow and contrasted with the green of the grass and trees .
that usually works , and if i do get green , there s a special shampoo that helps get the green out .
her eyes were the color of polished amber and not the soft green of willow 's .
there are incredibly dark purples and greens amongst the colouring too .
now lara saw the brown colour had swelled , swallowing more of the green and making it brown .
dots of blues , reds , yellows and greens blinked at him like flash lights .
the vibrant and freshly rinsed green of the jungle sparkled beyond the perimeter fence .
the sky was a dark orange and the clouds a nasty green .
that s when one emergestall , ugly , flesh green and scaly , his mouth opens and i see a set of razor sharp teeth .
the handles are an emerald green , with big opal stones .
we were out of the mountains now , into the lush open green of the foothills above the big city .
your kind of wisdom would have us all tending dusty shops and weary forges until we forget the green of the fields and the joy of life , and all the magic has departed from the land and the goddess has no man to defend her honour !
a graze , no more than a shallow cut caused by a copper chisel , became infested with the rotting green .
as samali cleaned jtans side and used her salve to ensure it remained free from the rotting green , she fought hard to force the welling tears of sorrow back down inside her soul .
its green on the end .
her eyes were still the same hazel but the green were now specked with gold throughout .
the furthermost discernible line that you could see was the line where the green of a distant cane paddock feathered up against the hazy blue of surrounding hills .
a sprinkle of green was floating down in a narrow , luminous column , onto asas shoulders .
at last they came to a large building : painted a garish green , a sign above the door indicated its purpose .
dark green skinsuch a dark green it looked blackwith bright yellow patterns that indicated to anthea its incredibly potent venom .
from far down the hall the large archway , crafted from a single , perfect emerald reflected the light and caused a patchwork of various shades of green to dance on the marble floor before them .
as he approached , he spotted his old friend , dressed in the green of aralim .
the light - green material of her dress flowed as she gracefully leapt around the stage , the rich green of the emeralds glittering with every turn of her body , her face full of changing emotions .
a patch of green appeared on the blue .
to my right the empire state building was glowing in dark green and in front of me and to the south flickered the lights of the manhattan bridge .
kamchatka was very different in the summer as nature blossomed in greens , reds , yellows , even blues and the dilapidated buildings stood out even more without the snow .
we had planted turnip greens next to the garden and they needed to be pulled so they would n't go bad .
i like the green .
you should have seen them they were long and a beautiful shade of green and they had the most intoxicating flavor when cooked with a piece of bacon .
his first time in s e asia and he was becoming entwined in its landscapes , as tropical vegetation in their lush greens etched by , he was struck with how different to the dry sclerophylls of australian eucalyptus they were .
the green of lawn , movements of people , a shrine of white flag poles and a cross , the individual markers themselves , the neat orderly rows and the spiritual reverence of it all .
lush productive fields ever present in their deep greens and contained within the boundaries of their owners , and owners willing to offer their farms for competition with others as best in the village .
for yin is in dominance symbolised through the cloud cover and the overbearing greens and wood visible through the foliage of the gardens , the trees of the valley and cloaked mountains .
brown , hazel , blue , green , grey , violet , red , orange , yellow , purple , forest green , lime green , blue gray , bittersweet , burgundy , burnt sienna , pink , cerulean , tangerine , copper , peach .
it had been a cold day in the fall , and he had climbed up the high cobblestone tower and looked out over the forest and its autumn cloak of reds , yellows , oranges , and greens .
he would accompany this studious girl of india , who also came from a world filled with verdant green .
the moonlight turned the tall pine trees a deep , dark green against the sky and made the snow - topped mountain peaks glisten behind them .
i ca nt believe big green folded like they did .
he wears a robe in green of leaf .
after saying good - bye and thanks to the reverend , she follows doug , their footsteps sounding on the terrazzo floors , to a large light - filled room , one bulky sofa covered in a rose pattern sitting in front of a bay window , another sitting at right angles to it and across from a wing chair dressed in muted green .
they had also bought four feather pillows from ikea , dressed two in a heavy brocade in solid green and two in silvery - grey striped silk .
she opens the cupboard under the sink to fish out two different bags : one for recycling and one for greens .
it feels cold on her scalp and then a bit scratchy as he manipulates the gel with the syringe tip or something else until the point he s working on changes from red to amber to green on the monitor .
the stone was multicolored with a predominance of green and gold , but had every color in the rainbow plus purple , white , and silver .
or a man who tends to his lawn might say that the grass is greener on the other side when he finds his neighbor donating more time and labor to keep his side of the grass as green as green can be .
the lincoln green of nearby woods and the smoky green of distant south mountain framed it all .
the transformed biker leaned over the sink and popped out his contact lenses one at a time , and the ice blue eyes were back to their original green .
his night - vision scope illuminated the bridge in an eerie green .
the waterside of the targets home glimmered through the luminescent green of the night vision scope .
below , the stark brown of winter fields contrasted with the green of the pine forests .
at first , it 's the whites of the shallows , then the greens of deeper water and , finally , the inky purple of the stream .
approaching bimini the colors reverse , back to the greens , the white - sand bottoms , and finally leading to a piece of paradise on earth , an island in the bahamas .
dave contemplated the thick , bleached planks of the dock , then gazed toward an infinity of flat bright - green water mottled with pale greens and blues .
we are standing in an oasis of green before swirling water with desert all around it .
the marsh is an enormous meadow painted in soft pastel colors , purple , blue , yellow , and light green at the foot of these mountains .
it must be a good 15 miles from croydon to furness green .
then the two wires which would actually carry the ignition charge : one blue , one green .
gema , wearing her customary black skirt but an emerald green , silk blouse , sat down on the hard chair in front of the desk .
it was easy to see the general lay of the land with the brown river snaking off into the distance and the solid green of the jungle canopy .
not too far chaps , about an hour and a half in the air , watch for the lights , red in the door.jump on the green .
looking downpretty much on target .. the river , now discernible winding away to the south , the light green of the cultivated padi visible in the bend .
a little thick but on the green .
her skin was n't as pale anymore , and her eyes were no longer a dull green , but a bright green that made me smile with happiness .
her skin was n't as pale anymore , and her eyes were no longer a dull green , but a bright green that made me smile with happiness .
the walls on each side were covered in dripping moss and , high above tree branches twisted together in a canopy of light green .
her skirt of jungle greens and browns swayed gently as she walked away and closed the door behind her .
before them lay a palette of rich colours ; crisp white rolls ; creamy yellow cheeses ; green salad leaves ; moist red salmon ; ham on the bone ; large oval olives in dark purple and pale green and pickles .
there was a loud beep and a buzz followed by a red light that clicked over to green at the top of the locked steel gate .
two bronze ones that had turned to an oxidized green garnished the green caps that perched atop either tower .
on either side of the wooden benches , stained glass windows greeted him in a myriad of blues , and reds , and greens .
nuncio had the town car in the left hand turn lane and the light flicked to green .
i smoothed down my artists smock and worked on mixing the right shade of green for the grassy hillside .
the green of the trees blurred against the blue sky and the slight breeze moved my granny dress against my legs .
wests bedroom was filled with cool , bright light from the north - facing window , tinged a faint green from the leaves of a large chestnut tree outside .
the whole hallway and stairs were wooden panelled and painted in white matt paint with the mouldings picked out in a pale green .
we were waiting for the lights at the top of park street to change to green when we received a radio call instructing all units to be on the look - out for a stolen ford focus with a damaged near side wing .
through the gaping hole that had been the window , even with all the billowing smoke and flickering flames , the glass green and gold hilt of a knife could easily be seen protruding out of nathans chest .
nick shone the torch light into the trees but there were only shadows , black and dark green , chasing each other from tree to tree , as if trying to escape his scrutiny .
i got out my old orange coleman canoe that i had spray painted a dull green .
ill be in touch , she said , ending the call as the light changed to green .
the street outside the small cafe was lit up with bright flashes of blues , reds and greens as fireworks boomed into the sky from the city centre .
bryan hands him the bag and he sits on the table , puts a few pinches of green on the bowl and lights .
there was fog rising from the trees , and i could see lakeview off to the right , a lush patch of green in an otherwise mostly brown scene .
i turned my body straight again as the light changed to green .
a young man leaned next to her and said , the green is for hope , white for purity , and red .
then past stacks of broken trees , lying like twisted cadavers , their thick trunks snapped and splintered , arriving at the last remaining oasis of trees with daffodils lining empty lots and sunlit leaves turning pale green .
he carefully pinched the rim of the lens , peeling it away , one eye blue , the other green .
the projection on the screen had been turning from red back to green .
iveta saw left and right the abundant green of banana - trees , bread trees and palms .
through the green he could distinguish the white of some of the houses and buildings .
there was a flash of green at her neck when she turned to face the closing doors .
anger and anguish darkened her irises to a cloudy sea green .
the light on the next containment door changed to green and a panel slid aside .
he then saw another green arrowed sign pointing down on some metal railings of some kind of bricked - off room .
blue green like the sea , he thought .
he walked in a straight line , numb , mechanical , stopping at the red lights , and crossing with the green .
the suns shone with a myriad dazzling hues , some orange red , some deep blue , some a shimmering green .
the little screen showed a dark blur on the left side , shot through with two streaks of vivid colour , one pink , and one blue green .
the car was a pale green which struck collin as odd because he had seen a pale green camaro less than a week before .
i thought i would strip the wallpaper and paint all the walls in the house in a warm ivory palette , with a soft green or blue here and there .
tall and slender , with thick waves of caramel hair falling over both shoulders , jerry forbes stood nearly as tall as he , with sparkling blue eyes , shot with spears of green , set wide apart in a face that he could only think of as angelic .
ethan saw the flash of heat that deepened the blue , and brightened the green , in her eyes .
he painted two of them black and two dark green .
they were entering the national garden , a mirage of green in the desert of asphalt and cement that is central athens .
everything was in the green .
through the clouds of his condensing breath he could see that the interior of the entry bay was a pale , military green .
nothing like the eye - soothing green of a mig interior , it was a dull off - white in color and cylindrical , about ten feet in diameter and sixteen feet long .
but then somebody in bbc 's technical section corrected the color balance , making the tape 's blues and greens and reds all blue and green and red .
he cut the powerhoping he could bring her down using the energy stored in the bladesthen quickly put the right pedal to the floor , held the collective down , and tried to keep rotor speed in the green .
through the brush the wreckage of the hind showed its mottled coloring , a mix of grays and tans among the green of the branches .
the cool green of the screen was all that remained recognizable , the only thing to which he could still relate .
around them the dull outlines of trees and rocks were lightening into greens and granite - grays .
but the next burst of energy came from the propulsion unit of vx-1 , which slowly began discharging a concentrated plume out of its nozzles , a primal green instead of the usual reds and oranges of a conventional rocket .
jane said at last , indicating a grouping of facades picked out in gaudy yellows , greens , and pinks .
i was a nave boy with a head full of half - formed dreams , and i firmly believed that nothing could ever turn the downy , glossy dark greens of my youth to the dry - brown husks that bleed away life as the sap slowed in my fathers veins .
watching from the window we saw six men climb out of the back of the vehicle , an old refrigerated delivery truck now painted a mottled green .
as we flew across europe and finally over the eastern mediterranean , i watched the landscape change colour from the greens of the north to the rocky sands and browns of the south .
now they formed a bank of blackness , making the leaves of the oak a solid swatch of gray - green instead of the individual reflectors of green - silver light from the moon that they had been just an hour earlier .
lush grass green surrounded the black stoned wall that rose majestically , but evilly .
fresh monsoon grass had managed to take root all over the wall blending its green with the black .
his eyes were a light green that looked exotic along his tanned skin and dark hair .
there seemed to be an uncountable number of hues of green with some greyness and redness here and there .
doctors usually wear a hunter green here if not wearing suits , and nurses i ve noticed- come in a myriad of colors but seem to prefer a maroon .
to the left , we see the pages , of years past , flowing freely , titles come outward , outlined in red , slowly move forward , and the lights go from blue , to green , and then orange , like a fucked acid trip , that can only be created by the likes of a scientist , guess maybe a pair of 3 - d glasses were in order , but just another second , and the room is dark again , lit only by the dim fires , that surrounds the door , at the end of the hallway , the cart slowly pulls you forward before stopping , just ten feet from the door , last chance , to drop this idea now , because once you ' ve proceeded past that door , dropping out means certain corruption , i 'll wait while you decide i ' m guessing that you re willing to stay on , do n't say that i did n't warn you , the door flies open , and reveals flames , every which way , as the cart rolls through , you look to the side , bodies burn with sick smiles , and diamonds in their eyes , on the other side , there 's fire , but there are children , with no eyes , and melting skins , at their feet , the tears that they once cried , spelled out 666 , welcome to my personal hell , further down you the buildings that , seemingly do n't exist , but at the same time , your imagination does n't work here , because this is my hell , my failed attempts at everything , the cart rolls to a stop at the first building , and at the top you 'll notice that there are hanging people , all gasping for air , but in this eternity , they will never breath properly again , now ask yourself , or better yet ask me , why they hang for eternity , and simply i tell you , it 's because this is what i wanted , what i call my hell , see that sick , sadistic , sad smile , spread across my face , i hope you know what you re diving further and further into , the next building , is full of needles , with people repeatedly , diving in trying to find something , that does n't exist , lets move forward before , i change the rules , in the next room , there 's a glass wall , i hope you re ready for this , because this is a crowning achievement for me , watch closely , as a guy steps from nowhere , he runs headlong through at full speed , head first , you see the cuts begin to leak , all over the floor , back and forth he cuts himself , until finally he collapses , but wait the trick is n't over , the wall reseals itself , and the man reappears , to do it all over again , a chair comes from underground , and i take a seat , i hope you ' ve enjoyed this tour , i mean it is n't much , but after all you did get in free , i hope you understand a little better , that i m more fucked up on the inside , then i appear on the outside , as if that was possible right ?
my bruises and contusions had begun to fade , from deep purple to mauve to a christmas - y green , so i settled my tushie in the drivers seat for the ride back to manhattan .
he placed both of his hands palm down on the smooth surface of the desk , and the area around his hands began to glow a faint green .
we started there through the fields and after few we felt a big coming and going of sirens , in distance the flashing blue were seen to cut the green of the country to all speed .
among a few years , to make our needs , us dogs we will have to be satisfied us with bushes built in factory , or worse of a hydrant or of a lamp - post paintings of green .
the .45 had a titanium firing pin and competition sights that glowed a dim green even in complete darkness .
the rocks began turning red , and with all the rain the pinion trees and oak scrub shown rich , dark greens in contrast , cheering him even more .
the cabins were picked out in reds , yellows , blues and greens - swirling splashes of colour made vibrant under the sun that slanted down across the tops of the houses on the far bank .
a dim red light above the machine turns to a bright green , followed by the thack - thack sound of heavy locks being retracted within the door .
due to winter , and perhaps the ominous invasion of ewk-1 , the lush verdant green of the grasses and scrubs has been replaced a more bland yellow .
although the runways are located at the waterfront , the few patches of trees that surround the airport are not the vibrant green that they used to be .
* -- * -- * -- october had arrived in all its glory.-the gold and crimson leaves were vying with the gorgeous sunset in the age old effort to show the world what true colors were all about.-the dark green of the pines and cedar trees shouldered their way between the colorful maples and the yellow and brown of the giant leaves of the oak trees were a counterpoint to the purple and magenta of the cottonwoods , the sweet gums , and hickories.-the rolling hills put the colorful varieties on display with row upon row showing one behind the other as far as the eye could see .
roses eyes glinted a sharp green , the same color as the opposite wall that reflected in the mirror .
the box was eight feet long by four feet wide by three feet tall , olive green , and liberally stenciled in yellow cyrillic glyphs .
the top half of the walls were a deep forest green and decorated with awards and two large maps .
larry was my engineering and demo guy before he decided to chase the green , zeke said , mock - disapproving .
everything else is in the green , might want to pick up some fresh veggies in miami though . ''
tommy boots picked up a five star notebook , too , his being blue instead of my green .
the two blues vs. the green !
several huge metal hangars clustered together all spray coated a sort of greyish green .
green did nt exactly like the fat man , but in business you rarely got to select clients for charm , especially in the business green was in .
as he made his way back from central london , greens sense of gloom deepened .
what did annoy him was the young man standing next to him making no effort to stop the movement of the train banging his body into greens side every time the train lurched in a certain way .
he turned his back on green and shuffled a few steps away from him .
a difference between them was that in greens view , such pleasures were best enjoyed in moderation .
precious stepped in closer to green .
chapter seven - day six green had been surprised to find that mason was nt lying about knowing the whereabouts of wilderness tours .
in the delta , the land had been coloured a deep rich green wherever water flowed ; contrasted with the parched brown dirt that took over every slight elevation ; but now that country was far behind and everything around them was dry and yellow as far as the eye could see .
chapter eleven - day ten green was sick of waiting for blooms party to return to victoria falls , even though he knew they were nt due back for another ten days .
he d sat through most of the tedious , self - serving account that smith had to give of what had gone wrong on that last job with green .
it had been a mistake to send green on that job when he had been so furious about bloom , though he d tried hard not to let that show .
but in a man like green it was dangerous .
look jill saw that he was watching a bird that was sitting perched on a branch about twenty metres away from them : its feet and beak were of a matching bright red and its body was a light creamy olive colour , shading to green at the head .
in greens opinion , the courts did nt seem to do such a good job of making things right .
so now greens hypothesis was that bloom had come out here to meet some people that he already knew , for reasons that were still unclear : one or more likely two other people .
* * * julian bowens mood was no better than greens .
these hills were not just the only feature in the landscape , but the only place of importance that appeared on greens map for many miles around .
the banner on the map called them a world heritage site , which green understood to mean that there should be people there .
as the afternoon darkened to evening , greens truck made a tortuous progress across the wild country , kicking up dust that julian bowen might have spotted from his hilltop vantage point if he had nt been napping between directing all his attention on the small group of hikers who were inching ever closer to the base of the hills .
it was late evening by the time green reached his destination and started to think about places he might park up away from prying eyes .
one thing was sure ; there was no reason for green himself to get out of the car and make a target of himself .
the fat man could read about it in the newspaper and green could confirm it .
her face was deeply lined , especially around the eyes ; but it was something in the eyes that held greens attention .
there were no lights on in the stateroom , but there was one light on over the rear deck , and , of course the riding lights casting a green and a red tone over the boat .
first it was black , then dark brown , then a lighter shade of brown , until peeks of green shown through .
his eyes began to gradually change from white to a brilliant green and gold .
that one right there in the green i ve requested her to stay with you .
i feel the sound of the wind swaying green , a healthier safer place , yet still not mine .
running for the green i take a puff , and a look at the clouds above , thinking i need a smoke .
delaney gives talbot a brown note and two greens .
perhaps a muscular boy would flaunt his rippling beefcake by going shirtless and painting his torso green , and pretend to be the incredible hulk .
the sea - foam green of a rusted out old dodge pickup truck with aluminum railings caught the corner of his eye and roth swung the patrol car about at the only stoplight leading into town .
the hinge pins , once recessed in the wall , were no longer flush with the sea foam green of the painted cinder block .
it could see a room , almost white with incandescence , with men in green and others covered head to toe in white , moving about inside .
her long raven hair sported bangs cut just short of elliptical eyes colored an unidentified shade of green .
the lobby was painted several hues of soothing greens .
the restaurant predictably decorated ; coloured with bright oranges and yellows with some reds , greens and blues splashed around in contrast .
the light flicked to green and i opened the door .
long before the color green had been co - opted by the environmental community it had been the color of envy .
after the three gauges are in the green , then you press that green button and you ll be on your journey .
he began to fix his light green issued shirt .
these then begin strutting down a long , low cat walk in a variety of clothes : blacks , reds and greens , melding and merging and blurring together eventually to take on a wholly safari look .
tall buildings , some very old and others of much more recent construction were suddenly enveloped by a huge swirling cloud of colours - grey , black and white with here and there flecks of purple and also a metallic green .
as it did so , it exploded into thousands of pigeons and the figure was lost in a storm of feathers - grey , black , white , purple and the same metallic green that i d seen in the cloud from which they d been born .
out there was the swimming pool which nestled on the fringes of the ornamental gardens , a beautiful array of delightfully bright colours - oranges , reds , pinks and greens - which could be seen quite easily from where i sat with my iced fruit drink , as could the numerous rainbows dancing upon the droplets of water given off by the sprinkler system without which , presumably , nothing would grow .
he was flamboyantly dressed in a batik shirt of many greens and blues and purple hues , with shoes to match his tailored trews .
just as she was about to use the blade , vanhi noticed her laptop had a small green led flashing to indicate a new message had been posted on the darknet site she frequented .
the user took in all the expensive things in the apartment , from the hand printed wallpaper in gold and greens , to the real polar bear rug in front of the fire , and the large brown leather couch .
some were a stunning shade of green , while others were a drab green , but all in all it was green .
silhouetted against the sky with the multi greens of the overhanging foliage on the banks , and mixed with the animal sounds , it could have been a great holiday scene in another time or place , but not at the moment .
they were a dark shade of green and looked like second world war bunkers laid out in a grid three wide and five deep , with space in between each unit to allow for vehicle access and parking .
the white on bright red sign and colour scheme throughout was far more eye - catching than the dark green of the other sandwich place .
it seemed that retail establishments were redesigning logos and store fronts to be as bright as possible with the brightest greens , yellows , oranges and reds .
the green is a darker shade .
the bright yellow of saffron and equally colourful reds and greens of essential flavourings glowed in the darkened interior , behind the hoarding of a failed mainstay of this old english town .
the interior designer could not possibly have been a cheerful personality , since the coloring was a mismatch of clashing dingy greens and grays .
everything was done in rich browns and dark greens with bits of cobalt blue glassware accents scattered throughout .
they were a dramatic green with a splash of blue close to the pupils .
there was a small imperfection that did nt belong , a small brown speck in the right eye sticking out of the green .
he recognised the jacket first , it looked like one of lurchs castoffs draped over plank like shoulders to droop unevenly to mid thigh , parts of the black leather worn to green and faded completely in some places .
pushing a round low coffee table to one side , he dropped a file into crombies lap , before sitting opposite ; beneath their feet was a rug of moorish patterns , mainly worked in muted reds , greens and cream .
most of mr greens girls were grandmothers ; he and wren had been treated like princelings .
in the far distance where the green met the blue , two hills rose , purple splodges painted against the skyline .
i grip the thermos coffee cup in my hand like it was a sacred object and take in the green , as much as i can under my hangover helmet .
yong continued lifting a solid heart from the body of one nathan goodfellow as though agent green was not in the room at all .
that s what its all about , agent green .
their tiny waving blades of deep green instantly triggered his sniper specialist training .
on one side , a giant representation of a bears snarling face and on the other , a beaver with grinning buck teeth were carved in northwest - style geometric patterns and stained with charcoal black , berry red , copper green , or left as bone - white wind - bleached wood .
bladderwrack , to be exact , mckean declared , eyeing the rocks and their olive green covering carefully .
it even had a harrigan trailer , in matching green , that looked like a tiny windowless car missing a front set of wheels .
the land just slipped away into darkness , and for all i knew the world could end at a vast cliff just beyond where the green of grass became first the grey - blue of night and then the black of nothing .
the day looked fresh and it emphasised the lovely green of the rice paddies .
there were giant magnolia blossoms , with muted pinks , greens , golds , and even a few touches of blue on the soft linen .
yes , but there are other colors in this print , and if you used this green ... .
further up the block , vacant lots had been commandeered for a community garden verdant with winter greens and heralded by a sign that read one house , one block , one neighborhood at a time .
the only real difference was that the trees had shed their normal shades of green for more bold and brilliant ambers , oranges and reds .
the clear blue sky contrasted starkly with the deep green of the field , the odd white puff of cloud broke the monotony of the sky .
he made his way through the thick green , tinted glass doors and into the spacious tile atrium .
dressed in a kaleidoscopic ankle - length skirt that billowed like some psychedelic pop art poster and exploded with blues , reds , greens and purples that seemed to shoot out color with each jump and twirl as she raced towards him .
new white shutters were decorating all the front windows , and the front door had been painted a deep green .
even through the haze of cigarette smoke the sheen in her hair and the green of her eyes were impressive .
the sun is almost all the way up now causing the bright green in his shirt to almost blind me .
i can see the monuments smiling back at me in the distance and the dreary brown shores , the green has all but disappeared from the wildfire .
looking off in the distance , i see rolling hills of brilliant green .
the bright green of the grass , obviously irrigated well and often , cut a sharp yet complementary contrast to the bright yellows , reds and blues of the flowers , the white of the house , and the blue of the sky and the sea beyond .
thankfully he had got it right , and the flashing light turned a constant green .
the light above the security gate flashed green , and she stepped through the doors , which opened with a characteristic ' swoosh ' , which always reminded her of the sound made by the elevator doors opening in the old star trek films .
he could also see what might have been a playground for children , shapes and outlines of swings and a metal jungle gym stood out against the green of the trees .
he looked through the arch into the gardens beyond a landscape of great palms and exotic shrubs , bright greens and vivid coloured flowers .
chuck made his way through the apartment , hoping the greens did nt resist .
again speaking to the greens , he said , i will bring the enforcement officers in here if i have to .
beyond each tree the forms of more trees repeated into the blurring browns , blue - greens , and grays of the deeper woods .
the rhythm of the scrub brush and soapy lather across the floor transported him to times and places when he was near hersmelling the fragrance of her hair , seeing the colors of flowers surrounding her , looking into the translucent blue - green of her eyes , brushing against her and feeling the softness of her touch , holding her hand as they united in prayer .
a shadowy figure , standing at the helm , silhouetted by the soft glow of pale yellows , greens , and blues shining around him .
we dodged low - hanging fruit trees and pulled vines apart that blocked our path and as we climbed over the last of the green we saw the villa in its entirety .
karma only wears the color green , natalie said .
she started walking across a few seconds later , a timer counting down the time remaining before the lights changed back to green .
her hud shifted the glare from the traffic signals , now on a steady green .
that will be a lot of green ; green all over the place .
a series of banners fluttered from poles along the white sandy shore as they approached a breakwater , the water dazzlingly blue , the green of the jungle glowing in the afternoon sun .
he staggered and leaned against the wall , watching it turn darker , becoming dirty green .
corridor before him was painted in brighter and more acid shades of green , and there were rows of seats along the walls .
because you 'll never hear the sharpness of color green , sputkee looked at her with a half - smile .
yes , i had noticed the lack of green the first time i came here , but now , one of the many things the druid told me reappeared in my mind : have you asked yourself why all life is drained from everything around hugh hurlingthon , but not from hugh himself ?
my eyes caught a flash of green that almost instantly disappeared .
in her other hand she s holding a backpack , pine green in color and bearing a strong resemblance to the one formerly belonging to eric .
color unsure in the murky light of this hallways distant end , yet undeniably curly , tumbling out the back end of her militant green , almost fidel castro - esque ballcap .
below them , the valley tumbles out in near pitch black silence , with nary a streetlight , vehicle , or for that matter even the blinking green and red of a distant passing plane to break it up .
the platforms are open air , bordered by iron rails that have been painted a soothing green somewhere between pine and primary .
they felt trapped in a cave or a well , closed in by rocky banks of green that shed a queer green light on the black mirror of water .
even the large wooden wheel appeared to have taken on the green of the amazingly lush plants ; but in the dappling of the sun , scum of drab nappy moss grew visible , a copper - tarnish smell you could see .
tynce looked at him then with those warm green speckled eyes .
after the sunrise service , outside in the blooming green and fuchsia light of azaleas and pines , shirley strutted up from the crowd in their homemade easter garb to speak to hoss .
moss singed in the live oaks , its leathery leaves cooked to a well - done green .
soon it would be fall and the leaves would be gone , woody tangles of vines like woven primal nests , but for now the woods were green , almost sun - lit green , in spite of the swirling layers of dark clouds overhead .
heat emanated from the green , a sort of living energy , quick growth before death .
every single trunk was sprouting new little branchlets , pushing them through the scorched crust of the bark and sporting baby needles of bright green .
the turn light changed to green and his attention was suddenly drawn to the turn lane traffic that jerked forward .
layers of greens , swimming with yellows , sleeping on reds , hiding from oranges .
the light switched from red to green and walters pushed his way through ; dragging lilly behind .
here we played billiards , not pool , with both kinds of balls in a separate room with the red felt , not the green .
the colorful green and blue , faded away to white , then gray .
the building 's doors and windows were trimmed in dark green , as well .
time : 4:20 pm from a distance , the lone yellow and red railroad locomotive seems to float across the prairie , past farm houses , brown tilled spring fields , silos , windmills and a few tractors planting for a corn crop that will be a 10 foot deep sea of green in three months .
when asked , kathleen could nt explain why she hated the color green so much .
she just knew she did and she would nt own an article of clothing that was green or that had any green in it .
the sparkling green of his eyes emitted kindness and his hands were soft as he touched her arm in greeting .
the sparkle that was so familiar had vanished , replaced by a dull green that her forced smile did not touch .
it took another hour before i saw the first uncontaminated patch of green .
it helped that it was the same metallic green as mays .
he was startled by the array of colours that greeted him ; roses , gerberas , hydrangea and chrysanthemums of pinks , yellows and greens were all neatly wrapped with ribbons and raffia .
jim returned to his chair and tom sat on the other side of the bed in a white tee shirt with o'sullivan 's emblazoned in green across the front .
the reddish paths against the green of the grass made him think of whip lashes on the skin of the jolly green giant .
the next memory was of a water world of swirling red , greens , blues .
the lights blinked from red to yellow to greenand finally settled on a solid green when she had left him behind .
then , like stepping through a magic curtain , the forest vanished and the field appeared , golden - green in the sunshine .
the other was pudgy and dressed in olive green .
she could nt see anything except gloomy shades of greens and grays .
a stunning waterfall was the focal point of the picture with ethereal greens and blues in every shade imaginable captured in the white froth of the spraying water .
we have a ford suv in dark blue or a hyundai sedan in forest green , she said .
his eyes , now the green of luminescent moss , look over skid and beyond .
the chunky bottle was dripping with condensation ; the dark green of the glass contrasted with the gold of the ring koki was wearing on his middle finger .
then i saw ittwo large splatters on the side of the van , one a phosphorescent green and the other black .
then his eyes caught mine , green like a verdant meadow , a green unlike anything on this earth , and that was the start of the unraveling of my will .
from the window he had a view of the tranquil countryside below and the pleasant green of the country with the blue of the sky made a very nice change from the dull grey of the city .
in the deep green of the forest , they made a beautiful pair .
` ` obviously , '' bobby raved , ` ` helen and dennerman were connected , and chuck halloran and dennerman were connected , and now helen and dennerman and this howard green and his buddy gunnar are all connected . ''
no , better to get away , find howard green and gunnar .
the bushes out the window had lightened to a dim olive green .
they passed the marina and the airport and the lush greens of kona gave way to the bleak lava - flow landscape of the kohala coast .
putrid green .
taking a flashlight he peered into the darkness inside the wall and saw the familiar green of his money , dusty but undisturbed .
his money clip would be sparklin ' in the neon bar lights , surrounding the fat , fat green of mostly hundreds .
most homes were two stories tall with wooden shutters on the windows , wrapped around porches and painted in two bold colors : avocado greens , browns , and pastel yellows .
one minute green , the next fluttering to amber , then blue ; and then for a tantalising moment it was clear .
his hair was long and eyes a dazzling green .
from small patches of isolated green to the now entire rainforest , like those that i had only ever seen in stories , rushed up to meet us .
a slight breeze shifts the bright greens of spring and she feels calm .
follow the green .
some greens ?
even a few of the seemingly unflappable russian soldiers came running out of purgatory pale or various shades of green , trying in vain to not vomit .
* * * the television was on , flicking half asleep grey toward the drawn curtains , curtains two layers of gauze , green and something else , in the dim it was hard to tell .
some had pink paint that was peeling off , some had hot green , but they all looked dilapidated and some were crumbling .
i m also to meet with jen berent , haden green , and david bennigton regarding the previous engineering attempts , what s feasible and what s not .
the plane was making a sharp banking manoeuvre , one wing tilting skywards , the other pointing towards the green of the land below , and drisdale was forced to cling to the back of the seat in front of him in order to keep his balance .
it stretched for many miles , the grass green , the trees budding in the background .
she wore a flowered sundress filled with pinks and greens , but while the dress was soft and breezy , her demeanor was anything but carefree .
the only real accomplishment during their visit was adding to carolyns growing college sweatshirt collection , purchasing one with sienas colors of green and gold .
pattys kitchen cupboards were full of jars of the stuff ; from common or garden cadburys , to green and blacks organic , to brands sasha had never even heard of that patty had picked up on her travels .
trust me on this , longstreet : if humans become the only living species on earth , and all has gone the way of the dodo , we 'll begin canning and eating soylent green .
mice with the green ear tag do not have the drug .
the latches popped and he lifted the cover , expecting to see stacks of green , but instead he saw red .
for a moment , alexandra separated herself from marcus and the throng and glided across the south lawn , the white of her dress contrasting against the green .
tonight honor was poured into a skintight , strapless valentino gown the same sea green as her eyes .
the lobster bisque smelled exquisite and was the perfect shade of pale pink , the roast lamb looked mouthwateringly succulent on its bed of organic greens and the raspberry pavlova was as much a sculpture as a dessert , a towering triumph of snow - white meringue and blood - red berries .
sophie 's eyes were a deep green now , tearful .
this morning , the damp , spring green of his homeland looked particularly welcoming .
chapter 94 st . james 's park is a sea of green in the middle of london , a public park bordering the palaces of westminster , buckingham , and st . james 's .
sure enough , the green was not so brilliant now .
at the surface , the water appeared as a swirling bluish green , but tracing downward , the colors slowly shifted to a menacing red - orange as the temperatures heated up .
dull green , like the four silent women had been wearing .
the room was a sea of camouflage green .
it was a new chevrolet , sprayed a dull olive green .
the clothing material was khaki and olive green .
he glanced left and caught a flash of olive green in the sun .
it was on white poster board , reds and greens around the borders , with a sketch of frosty chained and shackled somewhere in a basement , no doubt the kranks ' basement .
on the other side , the kerrs ' house and lawn were perfectly lined with alternating reds and greens , thousands of them by now .
he waited for the green , then lurched forward without killing the engine .
4l 's door had been painted a dull institutional green many years previously .
the land was level and gray - green all the way to the far horizon , interrupted only by straight ditches and occasional stands of trees .
parked next to it at a respectful interval was a plain sedan painted flat green .
the pretty young trees round the long lake had already been touched by the breath of autumn , and there was occasional gold amongst the green .
you are linked to the ground mechanic 's careless fingers in nassau just as you are linked to the weak head of the little man in the family saloon who mistakes the red light for the green and meets you head - on , for the first and last time , as you are motoring quietly home from some private sin .
he went and stood by the window , looking out at the late spring green of the trees in regent 's park .
bond followed m. out of their alcove , relishing the scene down the long room , the oases of green , the tinkle of glasses as the waiters moved amongst the tables , the hum of talk punctuated by sudden exclamations and warm laughter , the haze of blue smoke rising up through the dark red lamp shades that hung over the centre of each table .
he seemed to be getting nothing but amber and red while drax was always being swept on by the green .
then came more mountains , streaked with red like gums bleeding over rotten teeth , and then a glimpse of green in the midst of the blasted , martian landscape , and then a slow- descent and ' please fasten your seat belts and extinguish your cigarettes ' .
the most important room on the 2nd floor is a very large light room painted in the pale olive green that is the common denominator of government offices all over the world .
the man was dressed in the uniform of a dispatch - rider in the royal corps of signals , and his machine , painted olive green , was , with certain modifications to the valves and the carburettor and the removal of some of the silencer baffles to give more speed , identical with a standard british army machine .
the sun was low on the horizon and every now and then there was a flash of almost piercingly beautiful green .
there was no clutter , and the sparkling paintwork was in two - tone green .
i was aware of the blackness of the road and the vivid green of the grass and the bright blue of the sky .
that explained the dress greens .
she was wearing her dress greens , ready for the arrest .
the red light changed to green and the beeping stopped and the building went silent .
she had gone out to make the arrest in dress greens .
when i opened them again , they were walking across the bright green of the lawn .
on the opposite bank , the leaves were starting to turn , shading from tired green to brown and pale orange .
` ` flat green .
after a half - mile , there was a neat clearing with parked military vehicles and huts painted dark green .
stavely held the nozzle closer and the bag began to turn from wet green to wet black .
the floors and the ceilings were smooth troweled concrete painted shiny green .
` ` it 's olive green , '' she said .
then she maneuvered carefully backward until the water was rinsing the sticky green out of her hair .
the track looked like a rainbow gone mad , filled with the swirling reds and greens and black and white and golds of the ferraris and brabhams and mclaren m19 - a 's and lotus formula 3 's .
it was set amid the green of a hundred acres of lush farmland , with its own private hunting , and running streams to fish .
above them , a livid african sun bled the last of its rays into the land , oozing burnt orange over the tapestry of rich greens .
pale shutters of sea green kept the glaring sun at bay .
in the room with tracy , a woman painter stood at her easel , studiously copying the milkmaid of bordeaux , trying to capture the brilliant browns and greens of goya 's canvas .
a light green delineated the harz mountains , rolling north to south then turning east , the old border between the two germanies gone .
but he considered himself a californian , and to his knowledge had never seen turnip greens .
but instead the rooms were warm and homey - lots of sienna , taupe , pale greens , and shades of maroon and orange - a hemingway effect , as one furniture chain in atlanta advertised similar ensembles .
painted an unadorned green , its walls lined with hundreds of panels of hungarian glass , the imposing nineteenth - century structure easily blended into the forested surroundings .
she quickly realized that if she was now a target , brent green might be , too .
brent green himself came and told us to leave . ''
stephanie tossed a tumbler of water in brent green 's face .
her gaze locked onto brent green .
stephanie stood in the kitchen , cassiopeia beside her , and listened as brent green answered the front door and spoke with the two secret service agents .
and though gary malone was now safe , the same doubts about brent green swirled through her mind , especially considering what he 'd told her a few hours ago .
forty - one washington , dc stephanie and cassiopeia retreated into the kitchen as brent green answered his front door .
brent green possessed more courage than she 'd imagined .
what she was hearing rang contrary to what brent green had said , since the attorney general himself had taken the blame for the leak .
why 'd green do that ? ''
cotton made a second call back to green .
her heart sank as she realized that brent green was part of what was happening .
no sign of brent green or anyone else .
and she had n't expected green himself to be toting a weapon .
the vice president said , ` ` brent green sends his regards . ''
` ` brent green was a good man .
brent green is dead . ''
he 'd always known that rake would eventually die , and of course there would be a funeral with hundreds of former players packed around the casket , all wearing their spartan green , all mourning the loss of a legend they loved and hated .
he walked through the gate and across the track , painted dark green of course .
a few - the lawyers and doctors and bankers - wore sports coats over their game shirts , but the green was visible .
the first thing the black kids saw at messina high was the football team , black and white players together , everybody wearing green .
in the distance , the violet hills of baoding shan were beginning to transform into pale green .
at first , those eyes seemed to be no particular color ; peering more closely , ambler noticed that one eye was gray and the other green .
his eyes lingered on a painting of a verdant expanse of rolling green with a picturesque scattering of dappled cows and a flaxen - haired milkmaid with a beatific glow carrying a pail .
both were a sort of drab green .
` ` we are here , herr lassiter , '' said latham 's german companion as the mountain vehicle pulled up to a barrack door under the roped green screening high above .
a half - mile away , in darkness , was another craft , its hull and deck painted a deep hunter green , its engine off , bobbing up and down in the gentle river currents ; its inhabitants were in wet suits , scuba tanks strapped to their backs .
the green is enough . ''
he wore knife - creased army greens , and he was alone for the moment .
they are set vertically , in the green , and the wire seals are still in place . ''
seattle - tacoma international airport the cabdriver glanced in his rearview mirror at the tall , quiet man in the army greens and black beret .
veintrop had started with the blue wire , then the green .
it was painted a rich egg - yolk yellow , with backsplashes behind the umber granite countertops of glass tiles in a complex byzantine pattern of golds , greens , and blues .
thick stands of trees were everywhere , casting the sema in deepest shadow , so that it seemed lost in the inky blues and greens of a perpetual twilight .
letting himself into his sun - splashed living quarters , he crossed to the bank of windows overlooking the danube , the deep green of margaret island , the city beyond .
the utter lack of trees lent the landscape a certain gravity and , with the blue ice mountains as backdrop , a sense of eternal winter as well , made all the more eerie by the intermittent swaths of verdant green .
the one in green was a redhead , the other blond .
he lay , helpless and bleeding , and watched an ant struggle with a freshly fallen leaf , a new leaf , a luminous green , until moments ago bursting with life .
they walked down a rough concrete corridor painted an institutional green , the buzzing fluorescent tubes that hurled purple shadows on the linoleum floor as they passed .
that pile of green over there , can you see it ? '
trees and dirt , bushes and whole beds of flowers flamed into the air - a panorama of greens and browns and speckled dots of colour within the billowing grey smoke illuminated by the hot white floodlights .
42 sundown , and the out islands of montserrat were growing darker , becoming patches of deep green surrounded by a shimmering blue sea and never - ending sprays of white foam erupting from coral reefs off the shorelines ; all were bathed in the diaphanous orange of the caribbean horizon .
the psychedelic oranges and yellows and sickening greens played a visual tattoo on her frightened features .
behind her was the near deep green of the high palms , behind them the awesome rise of the mountain range .
up by the house - to the west of it , actually - floyd was reeling around and around , the light of the pool catching the dull green of his field jacket .
it was a mercury grand marquis , metallic green , as long as an ocean liner .
it was painted olive green .
they were beautifully painted , glossy green , with bright white stars on their sides .
the sky was gray and the landscape was a shade of pastel green .
` ` something on this highway refers to the color green , and it involves a lake .
timing and direction , the brief , seductive sounds leading the quarry into the fatal sea of green as surely as the sirens lured ulysses .
rolling green farmland gave way to blue - green hued vistas of rising hills , cresting and ebbing across the horizon .
the indicator light on the door 's electronic lock switched to green and the latch released .
the winter greens were especially nice .
they followed the armed man up a graveled path , both glancing above , marveling at the roof of dark green that did not merely shelter the lair of don silvio togazzi , but essentially concealed it .
they raced forward , reaching the curb as traffic signals to their right cycled back to green .
malone sprang from the chopper as it landed behind notre dame on a leafy green .
he admired the various saintly figures , robed in dark sapphire , lighted with turquoise - heads and hands emerging from skillfully crafted sepia shadows through olive green , to pink , and finally to white .
we walk through a side door into an adjacent conference room painted in the typical government pale green and equipped with far more metal chairs than could ever be used .
the car turned onto the ring drive through a sloping campus where the vibrant green of well - tended grass and sculpted pines contrasted with drifting patches of powdery snow .
he took in the broad , heavily trafficked avenue and beyond , the green of the stadtpark , feeling exposed , vulnerable , then he turned right and headed toward the first district .
` ` greens , '' he said like a veteran gambler .
a muted scene of slate grays , muddy greens , and pale blues engulfed them .
the active one was a russet brown , its calm companion a sea foam green .
one green , the other brown .
two of them were plain detroit sedans , in flat green .
a shirt in a quiet check , greens and browns .
it was a large - size box , dull green , with the house number painted on the side in faded but immaculate freehand script .
there was a collection of freestanding units in muddy dark veneer , and curious old enamel appliances , speckled in mint greens and grays , standing up on short legs .
it was a japanese sedan , repainted a dull military green .
the huey had put down on a remote apron and the copilot had driven them over in a golf cart painted dull green .
neagley went for a walker 's heavy - duty outfit in greens and browns .
it 's a sidebar to the lead story on the front page , and of course the author is everyone 's favorite muckraker , wendell ` ` fisherman still at large '' green .
glad - handing wendell green is not his buddy .
for a moment tyler can still see it , a mixture of shiny black in the shiny green , and then it 's gone .
he leans closer to where the crow reentered the hedge , thinking if it shed a feather he will take it for a souvenir , and when he does , a scrawny white arm shoots out through the green and seizes him unerringly by the neck .
too many people have their ears on out there , doubtless including wendell ` ` pisshead '' green .
` ` i do n't know if the early bird gets the worm , '' she says , driving on , ` ` but the early shopper gets the best greens at roy 's , i can tell you that .
they 're coming up on roy 's store , where the early shopper gets the best greens .
there will be no crawling through cornfields for wendell green : that sneaky bastard beezer st . pierre knows a back way to ed 's eats !
galvanized by loathing , he moves quietly away from dale and the other policemen and walks toward wendell green , keeping his eyes locked on the reporter 's .
slowly , wendell green gets to his knees , takes another noisy sip of oxygen , and levers himself semi - upright .
` ` can you believe it , the mad hungarian hit him with his ever - lovin ' flashlight and ... green 's down !
` ` psychology , chemistry , physics , biology ... even the sociology boys get some of the folding green .
far across tashmore pond , the pines glimmered gray - green in the sunshine .
the computer - console screen glowed a dull green , the color of a freshly dug emerald .
` ` well , i looked at what we have in your size , and i found a few things that would look lovely with this shade of green .
my dress had short sleeves but the same neckline , and it was peach with a mint green cummerbund .
the man inside , dressed in camouflage greens and browns , his rough black hair in tousled waves , looked like a refugee from a rambo movie .
the streetlight gave the blond hair a tinge of green and his progress a definite touch of the surreptitious .
i felt free again , the dark weight of the past few months lifting as the blocks melted behind me in a fast blur of red and gold and olive green .
the portholes reversed their earlier transformation , going from a dark green to a blinding glare as the sub broached the surface .
but cyanobacteria survive today , going by their more common name : blue - green algae .
that green was much slower than the others . ''
and the grainy green turned to blinding white as a shotgun boomed .
the water glowed a deep green .
he 'd never seen her in this dress - dark green , with red piping on the collar and cuffs .
midday , mid - june on the steps of the san juan county court house , and the sky shone spring blue , the scant deciduous trees of silverton just beginning to leaf out , baby greens and yellows smudging this high valley where mounds of snow lingered under the eaves of victorian houses .
so now , in the thick of spring , branches thriving with baby greens and yellows , the lake was mine alone , and i felt like the only living soul for miles around .
only hunter green at the lower elevations , denoting evergreen forests , then shattered gray rock , then cloudlike glacier fields that would never melt .
as she fed the birds and watched the coastal plain of north carolina shrink into a fiber of green , she thanked god for the people she loved .
two different colors if you look closely ; one green and the other a greenish blue , almost like he could be two different people completely , depending on which angle you look at him .
he said , and hawked up a green .
havana was a low port surrounded by green forest and tall palm trees , their fronds a lush green that wafted gently in the breeze , waving us in as our schooner sailed into port .
he 'd had some indication of where to find him and made his way to a fashionable park near the bayezid mosque , where he found suleiman and his uncle ahmet seated in the shade of an oriental plane , the sunshine intensifying the bright green of its broad leaves .
he felt giddy with the height yet breathless with the spectacle : the rolling hills of the countryside , cast in lush green ; the shimmering water of the river ; bodies , now specks on the slopes .
it was a stripe of dull purple on the far side of the expressway overpass , the park that abutted it serving as the only evidence of green on this side of the channel .
it began to reveal itself to them as more than a triangle tip , the lower sections gradually filling in until the sea stretched out flat again on the other side of it and they could see colors filling in as if by brush stroke - a muted green where the vegetation grew unchecked , a tan strip of shoreline , the dull ochre of cliff face on the northern edge .
his eyes were full of mischief , but without malice , and shone a bright green in the light shafting from the stage .
it was early evening and the air was the color of scotch and the trees had a burnished glow , the smoky dark gold of the sky contrasting starkly with the explosion of cherry reds , lime greens , and bright yellows in the canopies of leaves stretched above us .
the eyes behind the lenses were the milky green of caribbean shallows .
my first impression of florida after the heat was one of green .
tampa international looked to have erupted from the center of a mangrove forest , and everywhere i looked i saw shades of green - the dark blackish green of the mangrove leaves themselves , the wet gray - green of their trunks , the grassy small hills that bordered the ramps into and out of the airport , the bright teal tramcars that crisscrossed the terminals like something out of blade runner if it had been directed by walt disney .
tampa international looked to have erupted from the center of a mangrove forest , and everywhere i looked i saw shades of green - the dark blackish green of the mangrove leaves themselves , the wet gray - green of their trunks , the grassy small hills that bordered the ramps into and out of the airport , the bright teal tramcars that crisscrossed the terminals like something out of blade runner if it had been directed by walt disney .
the forest greens and coral whites , pale blues and burnt yellows dropped away and turned to square quilted patches as we rose into the clouds and headed north .
bright yellows and reds afire , burnished oranges and rusty greens painted the leaves that floated from the branches , collected in the grass .
then i dropped , and the air turned into a tornado shooting straight up from the advancing pool of green , and the graffiti exploded from the shelves and walls and cliffs all around me , burst forth in reds and blacks and golds and blues , and i could smell that clean , cold , and suddenly frightening odor of a century 's raindrops just before i hit the water , toes pointed down , wrists tucked tight against my hips , dropped deep below the surface where the cars and the refrigerators and the bodies lay .
it was the pale green i remembered , slightly milkier , but i knew the color was deceptive .
i brought my beam back across the water toward our side , skipped over a crumpled license plate floating in the green , a chunk of log that had been gnawed open in the center by animals until it resembled a canoe , and then the edge of something round and the color of flesh .
having to travel sixty - five feet down weakened the light , and the soft green of the water did n't help much either .
bubba and i both did a double take , looked out at the gleaming green vw bug parked by the schoolyard gate .
all i could see was a clump of green , a bush photographed from two thousand feet .
they were only a foot and a half tall , but seeing them appear out of the green it was nearly impossible to imagine how we 'd missed them .
i 'll go to church and i 'll deposit a boatload of the green in one of those baskets .
fucking green 's .
and at night , the boys were waiting in the bar and the spring leaked without complaint into summer and the summer unfurled in bright yellows and etched greens and the air smelled so good it could make you cry .
hard to tell who could have called to him because the streets were filling as the sun flattened against red brick and the greens of the common darkened with its passing .
but that morning something had put a bit of snap back into his speech and some life into the broken green of his eyes .
` ` ever since someone cut clive green 's throat in a whorehouse on east twenty - fourth . ''
cypress and sweet gum trees and plants joe could n't begin to identify raced by on either side of them , blurring until the greens and yellows were the greens and yellows of a painting .
cypress and sweet gum trees and plants joe could n't begin to identify raced by on either side of them , blurring until the greens and yellows were the greens and yellows of a painting .
something long and so dark green it was almost black .
his features were more chiseled , and his eyes a beautiful green that appeared silvered when the light hit them .
fine , alex thought grimly , she would rush to thenearest paint store , buy the proper paint , as well as primer since the lime green was bright enough she doubted the white sand would cover it , bring it back , and set the men back to work .
i stopped in here to check on things after closing and found the floor carpeted in a sea of pea green rather than the shade i had chosen .
the guest bedrooms and bathrooms had all been bright blues , greens , and aquas .
they were a bright silver green .
his fangs punched into view behind his lip , and the green of his eyes was suddenly shot with flecks of glowing amber .
what had once been a smooth white facade was now gray with years , streaked with the black of dirt and the green of rot .
sylvia 's gown today was misty leaf green , and her hair rippled in shimmering waves over her shoulders .
he 'd taken up the bottle of aura , frowning as he gazed into the swirling green .
i would n't put it past vivian to leave a booby trap , but both spells stayed a nice healthy green .
arrows littered the ground , and the scent of broken green was strong .
he blinked , the green of his eyes going deep into me .
when i turned back , ceri 's eyes were a deep green with tears , but her face was resolute .
my amulet was a healthy green , and snatching the small package from him , i turned and went back into my church .
his wings were a worried green .
she looked at her ring , and i realized the thing was an amulet , glowing a steady green .
and of course the newswoman 's amulet stayed a nice , beautiful green .
they 'd had a few days of fall , which meant the leaves were a sickly yellow around the edges instead of dark green .
it was n't very colorful dark green , with a few flecks of brighter colors here and there but it looked deadly .
it was only when the room was firmly coated in three layers of that relaxing green , that i 'd noticed that the color on the walls did n't quite match the version in my head .
as my face surely went through several shades of green , i hugged the woman hugging me for dear life , praying yet again , not to lose it .
ben took a step back with the unexpectedness of that , and his face went a shade of green over his sudden movement .
they pulsed red and then blue and then a really beautiful green .
she 'd used the excuse that she needed to know if she should buy pink things or blue things , but i 'd been firm on my decision and told her to stick to yellows and greens .
professor lefoux 's glass was all gears in grays and blues , lady linette 's was roses in reds and pinks , and sister mattie 's was vines and flowers in greens and yellows .
the underskirt was a darker shade of the green , with a scalloped edge .
they are a muddy green .
into the madness strode a tall , elderly gentleman in a top hat with a band of green about it .
his face was sharpish but handsome , his eyes the most delicious shade of gold - flecked green .
the reader beeped , the light flicked to green , and the door buzzed .
the grass was amazing- not just green , but a sort of impossible ultra green .
her first impulse at the sight of that poisonous green was to get rid of it .
he trapped the emerald green of her eyes in the intensity of his hot gaze .
shea did n't need the flashes of lightning illuminating the forest to see clearly the deep , vivid greens and browns , the drops of rain like thousands of crystals reflecting the beauty of the trees and bushes .
she inhaled sharply , her eyes going from brilliant green to sea blue and finally opaque .
crystals hung from the eaves and pulsed with the same colors , soft reds and greens and blues and yellows , turning the night into a light show .
his fetid breath was a visible hue of green and yellow , and his hideous voice was a hiss of grating sounds in such stark contrast to the purity of desari 's beautiful voice that he pressed both hands over his ears and screamed in agony .
water filled the deeper depressions below , forming a dark peat bog and beds of moss were a vivid green in stark contrast to the browns surrounding them .
even as he watched , the color swirled and changed , going from deep green to arctic blue .
the woman had bright red hair and eyes that changed from brilliant green to blue .
his silver eyes met dominic dragonseeker 's metallic green in challenge .
natalya 's eyes went from deep green to ice blue .
fire spiders webbed along the base of the mountain right above the patch of green .
natalya seemed to glow as she leaped into the midst of the wolves , her skin a radiant tawny color , her hair blazing with life , colors streaking through wherever bands of light hit her , eyes once more going from a vivid green to brilliant blue to opalescent .
the meadows were a vivid green even in the gathering darkness .
the beds of moss were a vivid green , enhanced by several shallow pools .
she watched the ground below them , inexplicably sad , the vivid shades of green , the riot of colors from the meadows of flowers and the stacks of hay dotting the rolling hills , all blurring together until she blinked away the tears swimming in her eyes .
droplets of red mixed with the green , leaving a toxic , venomous trail for destiny to follow .
her eyes darkened to a brilliant green .
vivid greens , yellows , and blues .
one eye , a vivid green , stared up at him in alarm , the other swollen and purple .
her long lashes lifted enough for him to catch a glimpse of vivid green before she looked away .
her emerald eyes flashed a brilliant green before she turned away from him again , too tempted by his perfect mouth to stare at it for long .
blues and reds , oranges and greens - every shade of color everywhere he looked .
flowers burst into bright color , winding up the great trunks , curling around limbs , petals drenched and dripping , alive with vivid beauty through the various shades of green that made up the rain forest .
a sloth moved with infinite slowness , its algae - covered fur green , helping it to blend into the leaves of the tree it was currently dining in .
she loved making them intensely blue , but then at times they would be like the green of the emerald .
the material was soft , dark greens , like her forest , with animals embroidered into squares beside the symbols .
now he could look down from his ever - expanding circle and drink in the sight of the flower - covered trees , the explosion of colors , the vivid greens of the trees and the brilliant hues of the fungus .
the green of the courtyard provided an oasis of sorts , colors rioting with one another from the various flowers and bushes .
she flushed a soft pink , the color enhancing the green of her eyes .
the green in his eyes blazed into turquoise .
after centuries of seeing in black - and - white with shades of gray , now the surrounding jungle held violent color , hues of vivid greens , a riot of colored flowers spilling down tree trunks along with creeper vines .
as she moved deeper into the interior of the forest , she noticed that the greens were n't quite so vivid .
the frogs took to the trees , the movement sending a strange wave of green over the tangle of roots , as dozens of frogs skittered away toward the safety of the higher branches .
the vibrant greens and reds of leaves and flowers blended and dulled until it was hard to distinguish color , yet even with the dull gray , she caught the movement of insects and lizards , the flash of the tree frogs and monkeys as they scurried overhead .
the bright vibrant greens of the rain forest , the bursts of brilliant colors of flowers winding up the trunks of trees , even the hues on the lacy ferns all had disappeared to be replaced by a dreary gray .
below her was every shade of green on the color spectrum , with the bright silvery light of the moon spilling over the canopy .
they were blazing emerald green in his pale face .
but his eyes were open now , open and alert and smoldering green .
a startling green , almost sea green , deep and fathomless .
when he opened his eyes , the color was swirling , dark , almost black , and then mixing into a deep emerald green before going back to a midnight blue .
not just green but glittering , metallic green .
blinking , jade saw that the walls were pale apple green , with fancy woodwork andmoldings in a darker shade of the same green .
she couldsee colors dearly - the pale green of drooping cedar boughs , the eerie purple of parrot - beak wildflowersgrowing out of the moss .
megan was wearing a deep green , and julie , bronze .
it was a creamy light green , trimmed in gold .
i opened my box of loose powder and sprinkled just a little over the gleam of creamy green .
he was glowing pale green in excitement .
they soaked in immediately , and the wooden disk glowed a faint green .
the amulet beside the guard 's watch stayed a nice green .
his eyes were a shade of green i had never seen before .
` ` i ' m sorry , but until you have the green , you 're garden - bound . ''
hesitating , i stared at the red globs among the leafy green .
the glow of the small flame played with their color , darkening their usual greenish blue to deep forest green .
there was a hauntedness to corinne bishop 's eyes , her most painful secrets walled behind an impenetrable thicket of changeable green .
he was losing her scent amidst the chaos of smells , the pungent greens of living things .
it was like the lawn had been floodedwaist - highwith green , feathery waves .
i opened my eyes , stared into the green of his .
the little red light flashed for several seconds , then flicked to green .
jorn strode through the door , dressed in jungle greens and thick boots , and stopped in front of my cell .
the island stretched before me , a small dot of green in the otherwise blue surrounds of the sea .
she 'd kept on her garish jewelry , however , and found a gown of sea green that strained to balloon over her many petticoats .
there was a general air of excited anticipation , and the massive airship began to sink slowly toward the bland green of the moor .
once a cheerful red , it was now swamp - grass green .
it was exquisite - lush silk dyed in rich purples , greens , and golds - and it fitted her curvaceous form like it had been painted on .
trent 's tight jaw eased and the green of his eyes went a little less hard .
monica dug in her backpack and tossed over three stapled tests , which were marked up in green - the teacher must have read somewhere that red made students nervous or something , but claire thought that with this many marks , the color of the pen was the least of monica 's problems .
heart pounding , i looked into the silent green , afraid to shift my head .
` ` ah , she 's narrowed it down to a modest black shift and a full - length sea green , '' he said .
unflattering flat black and cucumber - puke green .
a silk shirt of a deep green that matched ellasbeth 's ribbons gave him some flash , going well with his tan and fair hair .
i threw extra undies and shirts into the bag , as talon - the biggest of my two mates in more ways than one - tended to get a little rough on clothing during the moon phase , then i got down on all fours and looked under the bed for my green and glittery six - inch heels .
jack 's voice was filled with a contriteness that did n't show in the green of his eyes .
he was wearing a violent - looking hawaiian shirt , all pinks and yellows and neon greens , a pair of checked pants that had probably been ugly when checks were in style , and flip - flops .
my sour mood evaporated as the darting swooping figures in pale green and gold swirled about their dad in a disney nightmare .
i gave him a weak smile as the amulet glowed a faint green .
a petite woman with hair to her waist was sweeping the shards of green and gold toward the wall .
another blast of green smashed into piscary .
a shiver of excitement struck me as he shot me a quick smile , the wind pulling his short hair to hide the green of his eyes .
` ` more akin to a dirigible landing green , i should think , my lord . ''
the grass , the trees , the thin coat of algae on the pond , where i really , really hoped we would n't be canoeing or anything ... all of it was this bright , hurt - your - eyes green that was like nothing i 'd ever seen before .
the ferns bracketing the front door were back to being a lush green , and someone had fixed the sag in the porch .
when she got closer , i saw that one eye was brown and the other green .
though their eyes glowed jade green , their gazes were vacant .
her irises seemed to hold every color , like when sunset burns across the sea : golds , bronzes , greens , blues .
her irises were glowing a rich green .
apart from the area claire was in , with a battered washer and dryer , a table that had once been painted some kind of industrial green , and some shelves filled with unidentifiable junk , the rest of the basement was dim and quiet .
candles flickered in the wall sconces set in each corner , throwing pale light across walls painted in various shades of green , so that they resembled leaves in a forest .
his seductive eyes pierced through me , one metallic green , the other ice blue .
through her desire - soaked eyes , the geometric designs seemed to change colors as she stared at him , the lines muting from deep wine red to purplish blue and oceanic green .
he was hungry , he decided , his assessing look lighting on a petite brunette female with a pouty mouth and ripe , full breasts straining against the dull teal green of her baglike , ill - fitting hospital garb .
she had a small nose , pointed ears , a thin beard , and mismatched eyes , one brown , one green .
his eyes flashed an intense green .
the red in his eyes faded back to green .
` ` yup , i ' m going to want you in greens .
with awkward jabs , he hunted and pecked around for the green send button , and after he hit it , he put the thing to his ear .
the green of spring and summer is just a shadow of the trees ' true identity , and all that color as the nights grow cold is a miracle every stinking time it happens .
he stared at her from under low brows , the green of his eyes swamped completely by amber light , his pupils thinned to slivers in the center of all that fiery gold .
from his vantage point several hundred yards away , concealed by the thick green of the surrounding forest and peering through high - powered binoculars , the minion watched as a slender blond woman hurried out to meet the waiting car .
he 'd never seen eyes of her precise color , a rich , verdant green flecked with pale gold .
you could say that the camouflage effects were effective , because bright red and white shows up against greens and greys .
it had bright yellows and greens , mixed with a pulsating thread of darkness that could have been anything .
her aura was a biting green .
beautiful shades of blues and greens abounded , accented by reds , corals , pinks and oranges .
the biggest sign , in brilliant green , was the name of the barone - eyed pete 's .
i stared down the long stretch of dirt road , bordered by thick misty green on every side .
the walls were paneled in wood , the floors carpeted in thick , deep green .
i watched the flames , momentarily entranced by the violets , blacks , blues , and even greens within .
stefan 's eyes widened , their color darkening to a stormy sea green , and he held out his hands , his face horrified .
she - it - was huge , more than one and a half times the size of a human , but perfectly proportioned , and it looked like it was made of ice and mist in blues and greens like the purest glacier , its eyes were clear with just a touch of pale green .
she - it - was huge , more than one and a half times the size of a human , but perfectly proportioned , and it looked like it was made of ice and mist in blues and greens like the purest glacier , its eyes were clear with just a touch of pale green .
then it moved , so quickly matt saw only a blur of bluish green , sending elena flying , her arms and legs flailing , into a heap of ash .
the man 's eyes flashed to a glowing green .
damiandatilde ; no 's irises deepened to a fervent green .
her eyes - green as the great lawn in central park in may - stare up at me .
the emerald , a rich green , was set in a platinum band , which was covered with etchings in yellow gold that looked like rivers on earth as seen from outer space .
it was actually in the emerald : a tiny blurry shape that looked like it was floating in the field of bright green .
the lawn that stretched from the side gate to the porch was a rich carpet of green - so lush my feet suddenly itched with the need to run through it - and the pines that lined the boundary gave the whole property a feeling of isolation .
the small light above the metal door flicked to green as i approached , and the door slid open .
the red light above the keypad flicked to green .
there were pinks and greens and plaids .
when torin lifted his head , his eyes were bright green , almost the same green as the water we floated on .
a grayish - green that reminded her of green moors shrouded with mist .
his eyes gleamed a brighter green as he stepped toward her .
his gaze cut immediately to her , the green of his eyes growing more intense .
he glanced at her , and his eyes darkened to an intense green .
he glanced at her , and his eyes turned a more brilliant green .
he chuckled , his eyes returning to green .
his eyes were back to green , and his fangs were retracted .
his eyes glimmered an intense green .
he could smell alex in this place , could feel her in the clean , unfussy lines of the sofa and chairs , in the rustic , dark woods of the tables and the earthy greens and browns and creams of the woven rug under his feet .
up close , i can see little specks of blue inside the green and the largeness of his pupils .
her eyes are a fierce green , traced with brown liner and there 's something familiar about her .
she contemplated the sunny day : the lovely green of hyde park , the bright hats and dresses of ladies walking arm in arm across the grass , the two plump dirigibles gliding sedately overhead .
his coat was of exquisite plum - colored velvet paired with a satin waistcoat of sea - foam green and mauve plaid .
the other wore an extravagant plum - colored velvet evening coat stained with blood and a satin waistcoat of sea - foam green and mauve plaid torn in several places .
they changed from honey to mahogany to jungle - leaf green to larkspur purple to misty blue .
he was watching her so intently , his eyes such a deep green .
one side was fairly neat and decorated in pale blues and spring greens .
the green of the tended grass gave way to yellow - green , and then brown , and then desert .
nathaniel long as herne , celtic god of the hunt , in forest green , with stag 's antlers .
bright yellow , luminous green -- those are more normal . ''
` ` good afternoon , special agent green , '' cho responded , permitting the other man to walk ahead of them through the open door .
special agent green -- or whoever , whatever , he really was -- kept the glock trained on her with a steady hand as the sedan weaved and lurched through the clotted new york city traffic .
leave it to sonya to find a spot of green in the middle of a pennsylvania winter .
the evening light made his hazel eyes take on a little more gold than usual but completely hid the green .
something clenched in my chest , and for a moment , the whole world narrowed down to the green of his eyes .
the green of his eyes was as lovely as usual , and i wondered if mine had the same effect on him .
jeanne louise then glanced around at the people in hospital greens who were available and took control of the one who had ` ` doctor '' on their name tag .
but our eyes were the same green , and i had her same skill in earth magic , fleshed out and given a professional stamp at one of the local colleges .
after giving me a high - eyebrow look , he turned a slow circuit , attention lightly fixed on the redwood disk glowing a faint green .
he said , the dust spilling from him turning a pale green .
i huffed as i tucked my shades into that ugly brown purse , right next to the splat gun , the magnetic chalk , and the heavy - magic detection amulet - so far a nice friendly green .
the lights were dim and the patch of carpet i could see was a soothing mottled green .
ceri 's head jerked up , her tear - wet eyes a stunning green .
his eyes opened , a spot of green in the dusty gray surrounding us .
i never - ` ` her expression shifted , and tears deepened the green of her eyes .
that impression vanished the moment jacob looked into her eyes , a startling jade green rimmed with a solid black line around the irises .
the pupil had all but swallowed the green , so it was just a ring of glowing emerald .
poor stefan , he 'd forgotten about her completely , and he was shocked at himself once she left - a nasty unhealthy shade of green , i might add - he told me how she 'd attached herself to him the first week of school .
high - backed chairs with silk cushions were scattered around the room and the walls were papered in pine green .
initially the dacian 's eyes had been a deep green .
her tail shone like spun glass , an irradiance of violets , yellows , greens and pinks , each scale a kaleidoscope of colors .
blues , pinks , purples , greens .
so dazzling the bright green of the maples , catching the rare shafts of light .
in his pale face , his eyes were remarkably alive , a vibrant green that made them actual y shine like jewels .
i'l get the green for sure because of my hair , bonnie thought blankly , but after she had tried al three on , a woman took the green and gray away , leaving bonnie in a little black bubble dress , strapless , with a glittery touch of white material at the neck .
the chasm was frosty white on either side at the top , but when elena gripped the bridge 's ice - cold metal poles and leaned a little forward she could see glacial blues and greens at the very bottom .
` ` i'l destroy it some other way , '' she said shortly , looking at stefan but not able to see the true green of his eyes because of the olive light .
deep in the fathomless pupils that had held endless night skies ful of stars , there was a glimmer - not of starlight , but of green .
the hateful demi - light was driving her mad , reminding her of the pinpoint of green in damon 's pupils , the horrible green light of the tree .
and the green was returning now as the pink faded away .
green eyes , leaf green , a color like a leaf held up to sunlight ...
there would be no fire - engine reds , no flashes of parakeet green , no cerulean , no daffodil , no mercury silver - and no gold .
and behind the love and soothing concern she experienced , there were deep forest greens , shafts of warm gold , and a mysterious tinge of translucency , like a waterfall that sparkled as it fell and foamed like diamonds around her .
they were reclining on their litter , decorously draped in their veils , meredith in starry midnight blue and bonnie in soft pale green .
in the dim light , the green looked suddenly dark and mysterious .
pale pink and eerie green in the east , with nighttime still full dark in the west .
elena snatched the little book , shining her light on it , trying to make the emerald green of the cover change into sapphire blue .
the cold air hit me , but what did it matter look at the deep color of the sky , look at the high white clouds traveling to the west , look at the rich and beautiful green of the tall pine tree in the neighboring yard .
the body began to glow with multihued colors : pinks , blues , yellows , greens .
` ` it wasn '' t hard to see , glowing pale green like that . ''
moving like a sleepwalker , he went into the field on the other side of the road and followed the trail of stricken , steaming greens until he reached the other coach .
the metal looked like bronze that had been corroded by time into a beautiful pattern of greens , blues and browns .
what werewolf wants to come to england when he has the rolling green of the lowland to run ?
i watched the tears appear through his fingers and cascade down over his knuckles , and watched as his aura rippled with hues of blues and greens .
there were flashes of greens and yellows , but she often had flashes of greens and yellows .
there were flashes of greens and yellows , but she often had flashes of greens and yellows .
` ` tom 's a weenie , '' the pixy protested , but i finished my circuit , breathing easier when the amulet stayed a nice , healthy green .
blues , greens , and yellows predominated , with the accompanying flashes of red and black to give evidence of the human condition .
keller was a meat - eater and had never cared much about flowers or other vegetation , but now she remembered a line from a poem , and it froze in her mind like lightning : nature 's first green is gold .
his eyes were like the woods in summertime , golden - green with darker green motes in them that seemed to shift in the light .
his eyes blazed a deep and endless green .
this leopard was the dark rich gold of galen 's hair , and its eyes were the incredible green of his eyes .
two eyes - one green , one blue - and a set of blacker - than - night wings .
the left one a deep brown , the right green .
your favorite color is sea - foam green .
all i see are his eyes : one green , one blue .
one blue , one green , a mark of being a noctalis .
not to mention the green was pretty neon , and most of the kids he knew preferred more sedate colors .
a frigid green , his eyes were so clear that they gave the illusion of glowing .
bane 's eyes glowed a wicked , fluorescent green .
thorn 's eyes glowed the same bright green that bane 's had done .
they were an eerie , iridescent green .
like a kaleidoscope of reddish earth browns and greens .
he lifted the brush in a brave show of nonchalance and caught up a thick daub of hooker 's green on the wall before him , shaping it almost mechanically into an explosion of leaves , ever more detailed leaves ... .
he still spoke with a faint french accent , and looked relaxed yet formal in his black wool suit with a flash of green silk at the neck , a shade of green that exactly matched the emerald ring on his left hand .
the robe she wore was fresh and soft like that of sevraine , only it was a pale green , a green like the grass of the world of the day , that bright and beautiful .
the robe she wore was fresh and soft like that of sevraine , only it was a pale green , a green like the grass of the world of the day , that bright and beautiful .
the slanted morning sun warmed his striped orange fur to show up golden against the green of the plants and the dark brown of the stone .
` ` this here 's zane green , '' he said .
colors were blurring together , the green of the grass with the brown of the cows , the bright red of the tractor with the yellow of the wheat .
he spotted her and his eyes widened , a startling green against the darkness of his skin .
both were blonde , but one had blue eyes and the other green .
their gazes met for the briefest of moments , the green of his eyes almost fever bright .
the dark eyes gazing at me became forest green , and it was lucas with me , his mouth on mine .
it flickered like a candle , but the light was a brilliant blue green , the color of a swimming pool .
i got a couple of cheap little sundresses , one in dark blue and one in a deep green , that looked cool and comfortable , a simple purse that would go with everything , and a pair of thong sandals that would see me through the summer .
the walls were painted a deep green , and by the time we were done , i thought there was n't an apartment in all philadelphia as beautiful as ours .
she held up her hands , gloved in dark green , to show that she had no weapons .
her sweet face , heart - shaped because of the widow 's peak to her lustrous dark hair , the deep shade of her skin , the lines of her slim waist sheathed in that beautiful green , the way she smiled at him - above all , the way she smiled at him- do n't think of it , he told himself .
her pupils were dilated , blocking out almost all of the pale green , leaving only a few flakes of brown .
the people outside turned to watch as she passed , their eyes flashing brilliant hues of green or gold as her scent - heavy with the reek of agitation even through the cloud of citronella - caught their interest .
though the photo had no color , arthur knew those eyes were a piercing green .
nearby trees blurred into a long line of black topped by dark green .
she zoomed in tighter on the map , her eye caught by a long straight line of lighter green .
the room is actually pretty colorful ; the walls this alarming shade of green and covered with pieces of paper that have drawings on them .
a twinkle of green could be seen through the red and purple bruises that marred his face .
the fist- shaped marks painted his body in pansy purples and garden greens .
the bright green of his eyes reminded me of the old man .
his starched , tailored sage shirt brightened his eyes , which were the slick green of a soda pop bottle .
although it was obviously old , the building sported a fresh coat of white paint , with the shutters trimmed in a pale green .
the fire elemental wore a floor - length evening gown done in an emerald green that made her hair seem even redder than it actually was .
the fire elemental wore a long wool coat done in a dark forest green .
in a bright green .
the black fabric accentuated the bright green of his eyes , while his walnut - colored locks curled around his collar in an artful arrangement that looked both deliberate and effortless .
dark , heavy , sturdy woods , thick rugs in cool blues and greens , lots of interesting iron sculptures .
his eyes were a bright green even in the semidarkness , and the shadows did little to hide the square handsomeness of his face .
she wore a pair of tight , black leather pants , topped with an expensive flowing silk shirt done in a dark green .
her v - neck sweater was a christmas green in keeping with the season , while a gold badge winked on the leather belt around her slender waist .
elektra lafleur lounged on a crimson loveseat in the corner , the dark green of her shirt looking particularly garish against the blood - colored fabric .
for a moment , my vision went completely green , that bright , peculiar , eerie shade of green that was the same color as lafleur 's magic .
a christmas green one with a red candy cane - striped tie that would have looked ridiculous on anyone else .
it was blue , black , and every shade of green in between .
the dark brown soil of the forest floor gave way to the lush , vibrant green of leaves , and the arching branches of trees stretched high into the cloudless sky above .
the cliff rushed by my face in a swirling mix of grays and greens , and the wind tore at my hair and screamed in my ears.even as i plummeted toward the rocks , river , and rapids , i grabbed hold of what little stone magic i had left and used it to harden my body as much as i could .
blues , greens , purples , and yellows had blossomed like flowers overnight on my arms , mottling my skin from my shoulders all the way down to my fingertips .
cuts and scrapes still dotted my body , along with the rainbow clusters of bruises , but all of the open wounds had closed up , and the worst of the midnight blues and putrid purples had faded out to healing greens and not - so - sickly yellows .
the stem was a milky white instead of the usual green , while the thorns were the same pale shade .
the stems were unusual too , milky white instead of the normal green .
the house had three separate wings , each sporting a variety of balconies and patios , while white trellises climbed from floor to floor , all with roses of different colors winding through them - red , white , pink , and even a pale green .
her eyes were a vivid green , the intense color standing out against the black of her large pupils .
unlike the red ones that i 'd seen before , this pill was a vivid green , although it still featured the same crown - and - flame rune as the others .
a sheen of faint green rolled over his eyes and vanished , his animal side coming to the surface for a moment .
radiant , brilliant orange , streaked with pale green that almost looked like the crystals of ice growing on a window during a freeze .
around me , deep within the green , flowers opened , glowing stars of white and pale purple .
the first reeve sailed over the green , her translucent skin bathed in red , her hair flaring like enormous black wings , ready to smother .
the stairs ended on a landing with a single metal door painted dull green .
by this reasoning , the wolfwere , an animal shapeshifting into human , would register as swampy green .
his eyes flooded with green .
the building 's original fish - scale wood siding had long rotted away and been replaced by a more practical , modern version in deep hunter green .
the black brought out the golden highlights in his hair and made the green in his eyes deeper , like moss .
his poison green got evil ?
just beyond it , a door painted apple green was covered with symbols written in gold paint .
a loud pop sounded in the small room , followed by two plumes of smoke - one green and the other blue - that smelled of rotten eggs .
patches of glass in blues , greens , and purples formed images of gods and magical symbols .
the name 's richard green , but you can call me dicky seeing as how you 're tristan 's daughter and all . ''
wards ignited on the walls of bernard 's , glowing pale green .
magic pulsed through the window in a flash of dark green .
steam rose as the snow melted and the green burrowed into the ground , forming a perfect ring about fifty feet in diameter .
jim landed next to me , his eyes pure green .
her eyes widened , and a sheen of pale green rolled over her irises .
dense blackberry bushes formed a solid wall of green on the sides .
ahead the forest rose like a massive wall tinted with pale green .
the branches facing us shivered with narrow green leaves , still sticky from being rolled up in their buds , while the branches facing the forest were sheathed with bright green and clusters of long yellow threads , the oak flowers , busily sending pollen into the air .
a long swatch of knitted cloth , one blue , the other green , stretched from each of them .
a seven - foot monster broke into the room , her fur dark , eyes glowing with green from a nightmarish meld of human face and wolf muzzle .
jim 's eyes shone with green .
thing again , but this time , i kept them in my gums while also stifling the nosferatu green from leaping into my gaze .
when she turned around , her gaze was devoid of pink and lit up with vampiric green instead .
thing again , but this time , i kept them in my gums , while also stifling the nosferatu green from leaping into my gaze .
from the glittering green in his eyes , he was game , too .
spade took denise away , pausing only to stop the people from coming over with a flash of green .
his gaze lit up with lovely , hungry green .
i could feel my eyes turning angry green .
i struggled , desperate to get to her and horrified by the glowing green ringing her previously blue eyes .
nick 's icy blue eyes bled to glowing vampire green and his fangs slid out .
his darker brows almost matched the color of his eyes when they were n't lit up by vampire green .
` ` i ' m very weary of being the reason you need to be strong , '' he said , his eyes edging with green .
they were swimming with green .
the glowing green of a vampire 's eyes made them distinguishable from the zombies , who continued to pour out of the woods in all directions .
chance let his fangs slide out while vampiric green lit up his eyes .
his brown eyes suddenly bled to green and his gaze drilled into mine .
his mouth was on her neck , and the glow of vampire green shone from his eyes .
his brow arched in sinful promise , his eyes bled back to pure green , and his mouth slid farther down my stomach .
` ` i ' m a nice young girl come to pick your granddaughter up for the weekend , '' he repeated the odd line , staring her directly in the eyes with a flash of green .
staring into her eyes that had once been blue , but were now the most stunning spring green , i pointed the tip of my finger against her bitty bronze nose , her coloring darker than my peaches - and - cream complexion .
my knees buckled and air escaped me , and all i saw was a mist of spring green , a direct contrast to the dark , seductive power bombarding me .
the green of his eyes peeked at me from under his lashes .
i saw ezra 's head snap up , his eyes flashing furious green .
my watering gaze opened as he raced with me in his arms , and i blinked into spring green .
i saw the glow swiftly diminish from his eyes , returning them to their normal stunning green .
normal green .
and met intense green .
i blinked again when my head hit a pillow , staring up into green .
i was left staring at approximately forty individuals , dressed from head to toe in black and appearing like shadows under the moonlight , only the fact that their eyes glowed at us in blues , greens , browns , and golds proving they were real and not ghouls , even though they might as well have been .
ezra merely smirked , then repeated his power on everyone , peering straight into their eyes with a single flash of spring green , then asking whatever he wanted and getting an instant , honest answer .
he rested his heated palm on my bare leg , his eyes flashing once as he ignited his power , a flare of spring green , and peace suffused my entire being .
traveling to the middle , he stopped , his spring green , glowing eyes roving over my dress .
it shimmered slightly as she moved , the green combined with the blond like flowing liquid .
he glanced down at me , his irises radiating a delicious soft green .
her irises are a beautiful mossy green .
her irises lit with a snippet of light green , which must be from her nymph side .
his irises radiated a beautiful deep green .
he pulled back and stroked my hair and face as his irises blazed a beautiful green .
this spring had been unusually rainy and the grass was a bright , startling green .
even from a distance , i could see they were ringed in a sliver of deep green .
his irises blazed an ethereal green .
it did n't have much in common with the elegant lodge of my upbringing , but the cabin , edged by rolling green on all sides , surrounded by a forest of old growth , felt good .
his eyes were still wild , firing a beautiful green .
karinna adams had never heard of vilnius , but it was an interesting piece in that the colors seemed to change depending on the time of day : the blues and greens and golds bright and cheerful when she observed the painting during the afternoon , the hues more somber and subdued when she arrived at the gallery in the evening .
the bedroom next to the bathroom was decorated in shades of forest green and gold .
moments later a pretty young woman wearing a white off - the - shoulder blouse and a short green and blue plaid skirt dropped a basket of peanuts on their table .
it was a colorful land - green with pines and red with shale and sandstone cliffs .
it was a wild and beautiful land painted in vivid hues , from the rusty reds and earth tones of the shale and sandstone cliffs to the deep green of the pines .
the hills were a magical place , filled with beauty and mystery , a vast expanse of pine - covered mountains with trees that were so dark a green that they looked black from a distance .
their vivid green accentuated her pale face .
the walls were off - white , the carpet a deep shade of forest green ; the furniture looked worn and comfortable but not shabby .
the yard was well kept , the lawn green , with a few shrubs in front .
her hair was bright red under a frilly bonnet that was the same shade of green as her eyes .
aquamarine , meg thought , identifying the bluish green of the newcomer 's mane and tail .
as she turned toward simon , the black hair changed to red , and the red streaks changed to green .
tess came next , her hair streaked green and red .
she thought the movie clips of someone 's skin turning a sickly green had been make - believe .
when i saw the scarf at a shop in the market square , i thought of you because your dress has shades of white , and the green would be an accent for the dress like the evergreens are for the land . ''
burnett 's eyes glittered with specks of angry green .
she looked up , her eyes glowing a pissed - off green .
his eyes turned a brighter green .
the fact that della had stopped walking and her eyes glowed bright green told kylie she was n't imagining the sense of danger .
kylie studied the woman 's gray hair hanging down around her shoulders and then noted her eyes were a bright green that looked vaguely familiar .
she looked at the trees ; the leaves , even in the dark , were a perfect shade of verdant green .
felt herself wanting to lean up against his chest , to get close enough to see the gold flecks in his pupils melt and mesh into the vivid green of his eyes .
his jeans looked wel -worn but comfortable , and his t - shirt was a dusty green .
his hair , wet from his trip through the falls , appeared almost black , and his eyes , a light golden green , almost glowed with the sun on them .
he must have recognized burnett 's name , because his eyes that had started to brighten faded back to their hazel green .
oddly , while a lot of the forest had changed with the season , here the color green thrived .
the red in his eyes vanished , shock filled them as they widened upon her , the beautiful green of them blazing to fierce life once more .
the furniture was a deep forest green now and the carpet had been replaced with a gleaming wood floor .
his eyes were a bright , piercing green that had never failed to pin her to the spot and make her squirm .
the green in them was bright , sharp in contrast to the hard grey .
his eyes , unhindered by dark shades , were a deep forest green , and surprisingly beautiful .
it blazed like a beacon among the softer pinks and blues and greens of the other attendees .
it was n't as if that bloody red dress - what there was of it - would n't stand out , especially among the washed - out pinks , blues , greens , and yellows that clustered around the room .
when she slipped off the heavy black cloak , she showed a magnificent green gown under a tight - sleeved , long pelisse of brocaded forest green so dark it was nearly black .
linen pants in a darker green rounded out the outfit - it was the wyyldan style of dress .
he could have been napoleon 's brother - he was short , too , maybe weighed a little more , with hair dyed a dark green .
the wood frames and shutters around the windows were freshly painted in a pale green , picking up a similar color in the stones .
they had gone as far as to approach a karathian warlock on a nearby world , but he was one of the mercenaries who traveled beyond karathia 's orbit and asked an exorbitant price , which the greens could n't pay .
inside walls were painted a muted green with white trim , designed to be restful for the ones who received treatment within .
i wiped tears away as i saw a color of green that never came through at night .
reds , greens , dark purples , golds ; all muted , of course .
the dress was a deep green ; one of my favorite colors next to blue .
tall , round wooden tables dotted the remainder of the floor and prints of western scenes hung against walls painted a forest green .
there were tight buds on nearby trees and just the hint of green on the ground surrounding the grave , but most of it was still brown grass .
i see someone running through the fields , a swing of color , bright against the normal green .
the stars are abbreviated white dashes in the sky with streaks of faint colors - mostly reds and yellows , but sometimes blues or greens .
one of the nurses fussily hands him three pills - one of the big blue - and - white ones , and two smaller ones , one green , one pink .
her pale skin and red hair are just like amy 's , and though her eyes are open , she is too far away for me to see the green that lies within , though i know it 's there .
their skin seems to shift , turning a lighter shade of green as they wade through the tall grass of the meadow between the forest and our homes .
` ` garbled greens !
i scanned the green , trying to locate my cousin .
grass greens and pinky reds and sunshine yellows .
perfumed flowers in jewel - toned colors are balanced by intricately cut plants in tranquil blues and greens .
our tongues turned green - apple green , but we talked for so long that by the time we returned home , they were pink again .
and then , a few months after that , the whole town will be an explosion of green : so many trees and so much grass it will look like a painting still dripping wet .
he 's staring at me so intensely i can see the stripes of gold alternating with the green in his eyes like spokes of a wheel .
as soon as i stepped out of my car , i could see it ; the unmistakable green of cassidy 's favorite sweater .
his best feature had to be his eyes , a light mossy color of green with a dark rim of black around the edges .
she sways a bit when i release her , the green in her gray eyes sparking .
as we find the trail , the cityscape gives way to gravel paths surrounded by faded , end - of - summer green .
the dress , as i predicted , is stunning on her - the green of her eyes more potent next to the silky emerald fabric , the silver threads shimmering with every flash .
there 's not so much as a swipe of green on the ceiling or the floorboards , either .
his room at my condo will include lots of green - i ' ve hired a trompe l'oeil artist to paint a roadway with colourful cars and background scenery all the way around at eye level .
` ` sort of olive green .
wait , i could see - just - but everything was washed in vivid purple , and the green of the grass was too bright for my eyes .
he has only used one color , a near - black green .
when he holds it up , it brings out the green of his eyes .
i see trees of green and dresses of white .
boy21 pulls the blinds and turns off the lights so that his stars glow a weird green , and then he presses play on his cd player and lies down between us .
i removed the shiny green wrapped box from the bag and handed it to him , holding my breath as he opened it .
it was starting to transition into the spring green that made it breathtaking .
i picked up a tube of paint , squirting the green along the palette .
his face was a pallid green from never leaving the house .
they were huge and unnaturally green , an electric green , like the lightning from the storm .
they had faded back to a less intense shade of green , and they were smaller somehow - not small , but more normal looking .
larkin 's eyes changed back to green .
they had turned from deep green to a fiery gold , and they did n't look like her eyes in another unmistakable way .
her eyes were huge and dark - only now , the green looked almost black .
they were like locusts , devouring every inch of green in town , including the general 's green .
the moon splitting in the sky above lena , its two halves forming the wings of a butterfly - one green , one gold .
for a minute , i thought main street might have made it through abraham 's tornado of vexes , until i saw the green .
because that 's all it was now - a green .
he lifted his head , his eyes a murky green .
turning in front of the mirror , i had to say i looked good in dress greens .
after al , i could n't wear dress greens and workout clothes al year long .
it was her - the oval face and complexion slightly darker than mine , lips spread in a wide smile and eyes the color of the brightest green .
the outer ridges curled inward as the vibrant green faded to a dull , crispy brown .
though clarissa looks the best , there are many others who are close seconds in the way of finery , all in greens and purples and blues and every other color , and all in the finest of weaves and fabrics .
amy , for her part , gave me a large package bound in bright ribbon , and i opened it , and in it was a fine riding habit , all maroon with turned - back lapels of warm light gray and skirt of deepest green .
the rolling hills were a lush green , the trees thick and stately , but the almost pristine wilderness gradually gave way to buildings larger than the tallest trees as we neared the city .
` ` coach green is a retired drill sargent , '' she said .
flowers were in full bloom , lined perfectly along the creek 's bank ; vines crawled over the forest bed and wrapped themselves around every tree , every branch , in an intricate display of green .
her eyes gently crack open , revealing a slither of iridescent green hiding underneath the delicate lids .
she 's holding one of her famous barley green and broccoli health smoothies , sipping on the end of a straw .
from richard yates 's revolutionary road , was it ` ` he had admired the ancient delicacy of the buildings and the way the street lamps made soft explosions of light green in the trees at night '' or ` ` the place had llled him with a sense of wisdom hovering just out of reach , of unspeakable grace prepared and waiting just around the corner , but he 'd walked himself weak down its endless blue streets and all the people who knew how to live had kept their tantalizing secret to themselves '' ?
his ( deep green , and rather beautiful ) eyes looked a lit le hazy , like perhaps he 'd been smoking from the peace pipe .
baroque cupolas were the soft green of antique copper , and gothic steeples stood ready to impale fallen angels .
the trees were a whisper of green as he and hazael descended with the others , and the voice that filled his head was one he had heard only once .
karou saw a flash of vivid green , but that was all .
sometimes , when he was deep inside himself working a manipulation , akiva imagined skeins of connection tracing across the great dark surfaces of oceans and coming at length to islands - islands green in honeyed light , morning air ashimmer with evaporating mist and the wings of iridescent birds , and he wondered : did his blood make him stelian ?
as we come up to the top of the hill - all three of us panting a little from the climb - the bay unfolds to our right like a gigantic map , a sparkling , shimmering world of blues and greens .
in early june the heat was there but not the color - the greens were still pale and tentative , the mornings had a biting coolness - but by the last week of school everything is technicolor and splash , outrageous blue skies and purple thunderstorms and ink - black night skies and red flowers as bright as spots of blood .
i feel the way i do whenever i get to the top of the hill and can see back down congress street , with the whole of portland lying behind me , the streets a shimmer of greens and grays - from a distance , both beautiful and unfamiliar - just before i spread my arms and let go , trip and skip and run down the hill , wind whipping in my face , not even trying to move , just letting gravity pull me .
beyond the bridge the lush greens of the wilds move together in the wind like an endlessly re - arranging wall , a thick wedge of green cutting down toward the bay and separating portland from yarmouth .
the leaves rustle and shake all around us , a constantly shifting pattern of greens and blacks , set dancing as countless unseen things hurry and skip from branch to branch .
still , the vivid green of the grass- where the grass is actually managing to assert itself through the dirt - seems out of place .
soon all the lush greens of the landscape will burn away into fierce reds and oranges ; and then those , too , will burn away , into the stark black brittleness of winter .
more hands , and more voices ; i am lifted ; a kaleidoscope of green above me , and fractal patterns in the sky .
hana 's blond hair flashes underneath the layers of green ; she is circling the trunk , laughing , calling up for me to go higher .
everything about the bird is black , except for its feet , which are painted a vivid shade of bright green .
seagulls are calling outside , and as i stand , i see that the sun has touched the grass a vivid green .
my bruises have turned to starbursts , big explosions of improbable colors , yellows and greens and purples .
it made her eyes glimmer an intense green .
streaks of pale green , laced with sea foam , swirled suspended in its depths .
` ` it 's the same green as your eyes , '' jack said to me .
the greens are muted , faded .
not the yellows or the greens .
she looked like alex , at least in the eyes , the same shade of bright green .
` ` rehearsals are light green through dark green , '' i told him .
` ` lightest green for the first piece , darkest green for the final piece .
up close his eyes were a vivid green .
the green of them was broken up by bright gold striations that made them glitter in the light .
jai 's face softened infinitesimally , the sun beaming in through the window turned his eyes a startling golden green .
her eyes widened as the earth below her burst with color - greens and reds and blues and purples and glinting diamond light - all of it moving , like multi - colored bugs scrambling around .
the balcony hung out over mountains that winked back at him in the winter sun , the dazzling green of inset emeralds making his blood rush with need .
jinn were crowded in the thousands on the seats , a sea of bodies garbed in vibrant silks and velvets and cottons al in the brightest of jewel colors- emerald greens , purple amethysts , sapphire blues and ruby reds .
from my vantage point , i could see all the bright blues and greens in her eyes .
i do n't like the green you chose . ''
the lush green faded , giving way to rich , warm hues scattered among the tall pine trees .
instead of the bright vibrant green she had expected , there was nothing but darkness .
simple , but beautiful , the white mingling with the fading green .
two bumper cars , one forest green , the other navy blue , appeared at the edge of our vision , and when we turned our focus toward them , they did n't dart off into oblivion .
out of the blackness of the pit i had leaped into came a flash of green .
the sky was a flat pea green and made my skin look pallid and sickly .
when the light flashed green she said , ` ` come on . ''
avi is wearing a sand - colored uniform , unlike most of the soldiers on the base who are wearing olive green .
i like green more than yellow . ''
the momentum of the cue ball transferred to the solid green , then to the eight ball , and punched the striped blue into a pocket .
i 'd been this way before , and when the sun was out , the water was slate blue with patches of dark green where the water reflected the evergreens .
but he looked straight at me , so i could see the green and browns and grays swimming around in his irises .
but if there 's a patch of green , those little guys will find it and light it up .
then bryn looked at me , the green of her eyes reflecting in the moonlight .
the red light blipped to green , and the man swept through the turnstile .
i felt a surge of cold iron glamour , and she shoved ash away , pushing him back in a flash of green .
its eyes glowed electric green in the coming darkness .
the colors of the wyldwood were weird and unnatural ; everything was gray and murky , but then we 'd pass a single tree that was a vivid , poisonous green , or a bush with huge purple berries hanging from the branches .
bourbon street was n't far , and new orleans glowed an eerie green and orange under the light of the full moon .
annwyl gasped , jerking away , as the bird pulled back , holding a glowing green orb the size of a marble .
my eyes are drawn to him , and i ca n't help but seek out his green again .
suddenly his eyes are a different green .
i sweep the light over the orb , and all at once the surface changes from its depressing gray tones to vibrant blues and greens of the forests and oceans .
for the first time , i notice his eyes are the most amazing shade of deep green .
then again , maybe i was just jealous of their outfits - i looked better in red than in green .
the irises were still a beautiful green , but the pupils ... the pupils were white .
dawson 's eyes deepened , turning a mosaic of greens .
his chest rose and fell , the deep bottle - green of his eyes shifting by degrees .
waiting , wanting to show him whatever he was looking for as his eyes darkened to a deep green .
his eyes were still that strange , intense green , but they were his .
the green churned slowly , giving an appearance of vulnerability .
a tumble of black waves shifted over his forehead and a smile spread across his face , reaching his eyes , deepening them to a brilliant green .
i smiled , and the green of his eyes heated .
he spat , eyes flaring an intense green .
his eyes went from a cool green to liquid fire within seconds .
for an instant , the green of his eyes darkened with raw emotion .
emotion flashed in dawson 's eyes , turning them forest green .
dawson jerked toward me , eyes a brilliant green .
his smile was real now , causing the green in his eyes to sparkle , reminding me of the blake i first met .
his eyes flared an intense green .
` ` april- '' ` ` this dress will bring out the green in your eyes . ''
we followed sergeant connolly through a side door , up the dimly lit stairs to the fourth floor , and then down a long , narrow corridor whose walls had been painted a ghastly institutional pale green .
the trees , abashed , dress themselves in verdant green .
it undulated , black with flashes of brilliant iridescent green .
the leaves of the sycamore tree a startled green .
it certainly looked like a castle , built in stone , some of it painted in dark green , giving it an almost gothic feel .
i gasped when we walked down a set of narrow white stairs and came into a room furnished in dark green with red accents .
british racing green , of course .
there , in the garretts ' driveway , is the mustang , the shredded seats replaced by smooth brown leather , the front part painted a dazzling racing green .
it was warm and bright and , if it were n't for the trees that had already changed - deep reds and oranges interspersed with the deep green of the pines - it might have been the beginning of summer .
sunlight filtering through the trees patterned the water in crazy colors - purples and greens and vivid blues .
it 's decorated in fuchsia and apple green , the colors her mother 's decorator picked out for her .
on halloween night , you 'll take a rental car , drive it to the drop - off , and exchange the goods for the green .
i could n't tell her the truth , that not only am i staying in the latino blood , i ' m about to exchange goods for the green .
one with shades of red , another greens and blues , and finally neutrals .
` ` all these girls look hideous in mint green , '' ali declared as she turned a page of a prom - dress fashion spread .
` ` i think you 'd look pretty good in mint green , '' she decided after studying the picture of the dress .
after passing through the grocery store 's automatic doors and between at least thirty barrels of olives , she headed to the greens section of the produce department .
at the end of the aisle , there was a small bin full of greens marked tatsoi .
each exam room was painted a guacamole green , and the only posters on the wall were grim pictures of skin diseases .
in the kiln 's pale light , maya 's face shone a ghoulish green .
aria pressed her lips together , staring at the fuzzy green felt on the table .
i watch the cross light turn yellow , and my eyes flick to my light , waiting for the green .
we had chosen a shaded spot , beneath a stand of trees , where the grass was soft and the light filtered through the foliage overhead to dappled green .
the town looked more or less the same , squads running even in this weather , all dressed in drab green .
with some work , instead of looking the same everywhere , the city would eventually become a patchwork of reds , oranges , greens , whites , and purples .
the wood trim of the chamber was of fine walnut , the carpet a forest green .
joel pulled up sharply , looking wildly across the dark green .
the walls were painted dark olive green , and there were no ceiling lights .
they were a positively toxic green .
` ` it 's sure to be fading to green by the time you throw your party . ''
something sea green was approaching , keeping in time with the dance steps .
but i also thought i 'd seen something green scurry past the doorway , and ... and well , fundamentally i did it only because i already knew i was going to do it .
and in a glass coffin , a girl dressed in glorious green opened her eyes and smiled .
his eyes are the exact same hue of deep green as his mothers are from the picture .
the grass was as green as green could be , as green as a master painter 's imagination , and a single , beautiful willow tree attracted the men as they dismounted .
amazingly , the horses worked against the slickness of the cobbles with more proficiency than i could have expected , and we were heading out of the rookery , past the glass works , and into the green of the vasterya i remembered , at harried speed .
thick , brutish , looming trees the alvernians called the arans , covered what appeared to be every inch of the mountains ; the lushness of those deep , black - green trees a sharp contrast to the sickly pallor of the plains i was passing through .
the red of the saris seemed brighter than usual , the green of the thick , long - branched trees of the jungle seemed more vivid and the sun that grew lower in the western horizon seemed to glow in unusual hues of pink , orange and yellow .
she looked up at me and the green from her dress set off the green in her eyes in a flash of color that betrayed her timid personality .
she looked up at me and the green from her dress set off the green in her eyes in a flash of color that betrayed her timid personality .
and the lighter , softer greens of the mountain grass stood out starkly in the landscape as if the two greens were not the same color at all .
and the lighter , softer greens of the mountain grass stood out starkly in the landscape as if the two greens were not the same color at all .
his eyes were the same piercing green , his hair unruly and wild and his smile the absolute most genuine thing i had ever seen .
his hazel eyes , glinting with brilliant green , took my own eyes captive in his .
each tree , among clusters of others , seemed to be painted its very own shade of green and in the setting sun shimmered brilliantly against the rough mountain rock interspersed throughout .
the view was spectacular , overlooking the carpathian mountains that still held the lush , verdant greens of late summer .
but those facts did n't require very deep investigation , and because the dead were still from both the red pinpointed cities and the green , it did n't narrow anything down at all .
behind us the forest is a smear of gray - green on a ridge , dropping down into the broad , golden expanse of the plain .
their underside is the same gray - green as the grass of the plains , so that when they close as the sun goes down , they can hide .
the narrow corridor of blooms extends as we watch , winding this way and that through the hills , toward the hazy green of the forest in the distance .
his green eyes had turned a deep forest green and when he licked his lips nervously i knew i was in trouble .
his eyes were the deepest green i had ever seen and his jaw was tight with tension .
the walls were painted in the softest green ; bedspread and curtains matching .
diana looked away from the camera , but you could see the bright green of her eyes .
they were all a flourishing green , in the prime of their life , just blooming , yet the rain and wind was destroying them .
far ahead , i saw a flash of green , and i realized i was seeing the other side of the shadow fold .
his eyes were a muddy green , his hair a peculiar shade of red .
its dark green , flecked with sparkling blue , and much more forceful than the shimmering veil .
the varying shades of pinks , blues , greens and purples , all blending genially into one another in sparkling enchantment .
the green in them quickly disperses , to be replaced with the bright yellow just like before .
his eyes , the same deep green as my own , darkened .
his eyes were the same deep green as my own .
it was a bit chilly that morning so jules wore an olive green , very feminine light knit beret over her freshly washed curled hair .
her eyes were the most beautiful green i 'd ever seen .
i should have drunk in the greens of her eyes , re - memorized the lines of her face over and over and burned them into my memory even deeper than they already were .
it was jules ' handkerchief , neatly folded and pressed , her tiny embroidered initials in light green .
the digital clocks above the microwave and stove shone a stoic green .
the players were warming up in tracksuits - maroon and yellow for wheeler and forest green for hollier .
the living room 's walls had been painted a dusty rose color , a fussy vine pattern stenciled along the top in dark green .
even the green of her eyes was unusual , like it was radioactive .
her sapphire blue eyes grew larger , taking on the unique shade of green that was all emma 's .
she only looks down shyly and then up again , and the green of her eyes just about cuts me in two .
his eyes were a striking shade of sea green , as bright as the water just a few blocks away .
run and run and disappear into the mountains and live in solitude in the dark green of the wild , with a pine - needle carpet and a blanket of stars overhead .
at the sound of the word , she saw a land of pine and snow , of sun - bleached cliffs and white - capped seas , a land where light was swallowed in the velvety green of bumps and hollows - a land that she had forgotten .
though such pale green tends to wash out women of pallid skin . ''
the story ryan tells is that this green is riddled with troughs of chocolate ; if your ball falls in , it will taste better , but will also slow you down .
it brought out the green in my hazel eyes .
vale draws near enough that i see the dark green of his eyes .
farmland stretched back in a patchwork of browns and greens , woven through by a line of trees that followed the underground river .
he peered up , a quick flash of green .
he looked right at her , his gaze brilliant green .
the bright green of his unrelenting eyes .
he chuckles and takes the line from my hand and says , ` ` here now , miss faber , you just take the bitter end and put it over the lay of the line and bring it around here ... '' there are days when the ocean is a serene wonder , delighting the heart and mind of all who observe her with its infinite variety - beautiful greens and blues , mirroring the soaring sky and puffy white clouds above .
i pick up one of my favorites , forest green with a print of elvis on it that i got on a trip to graceland a few years before .
on the wall , covering an expanse of white - painted brick , was a large green felt where my nearly finished knitted american flag afghan hung .
looking at my reflection in the full - length mirror on the closet door , i saw that the neon green made my entire face look sickly .
today , i had worn one of my favorite outfits , a turtleneck the same green as my eyes , and a plaid skirt with brown knee - length boots and tights .
the egret academy will be all about beige and forest green . ''
instead she boosted risa 's eyes from brown to a very natural , very realistic green .
31 starkey there 's an unwind transport truck on a winding road on a bright august day , and although it 's painted in pastel blues , pinks , and greens , nothing can hide the ugliness of its purpose .
the next day , after our underpaintings had dried , goya came by to critique the work of the others and to start me on my first oil painting ... you see , when you mix the white with the sienna , you get a nice skin tone , and , yes , put it on the forehead there ... right , like that , but for the shadows on the face and parts of the body , you must add some of the green , the complement to the red of the sienna , just enough ... no , that 's too much ... more sienna ...
in imitation of the master , they go from the top left with a big blob of white , to black , then the deep browns , then the sienna and ochres , then yellows at top right corner , then to the reds along the side , and down to the greens , three of them , and at the bottom , the blues , of which there are four .
he takes a long needle and sets to work , the black color first , then the gold , then the green .
` ` before we started studying , i was telling avery that she should wear the color green more often .
` ` do you like the color green on her , cam ? ''
or at least that 's what mom called it , because the walls were painted a deep olive green .
her green eyes were the most beautiful green i 'd ever seen .
the baby 's room had been painted in a beautiful pastel green that brad picked out .
aspen 's arms were crossed over her chest , something dark twisting the green of her eyes .
each news channel - the green , the blue , the red , the yellow - had its own take on the situation .
and then there was the green .
scarlet fell softly about them and everything was outlined in greens and blues and the world was raspberry - colored and leaf - colored and golden - colored and fire - colored and blueberry - colored and wine - colored .
her feet touched the ground , illuminated by her own lightnings , like a painting of a woman in greys and greens and blues , not a real woman at all .
as we went up the stairs , lettie placed something on each step : a clear glass marble with a twist of green inside it ; one of the little metal objects we called knucklebones ; a bead ; a pair of bright blue doll 's eyes , connected at the back with white plastic , to make them open or close ; a small horseshoe magnet ; a black pebble ; a badge , the kind that came attached to birthday cards , with i am seven on it ; a book of matches ; a plastic ladybird with a black magnet in the base ; a toy car , half squashed , its wheels gone ; and last of all , a lead soldier .
she 'd cut the onions with care , savored in the soft , firm perfection of the red tomatoes , shaken in a combination of thyme , red pepper , salt , and curry , and marveled at the greenness of the greens .
she laughed knowingly and the rainbow in the sky swelled , bathing everything in a marigold , tangerine , soft rose , periwinkle , and wooden green .
for a start it was painted in an off - putting shade of green and a peculiar shade of pink .
and then the green and pinkness of the room she was in , and the rustling of a large painted paper butterfly as it fluttered and beat its way about the ceiling , told her where she had woken up .
because the sight of the piercing green would undo me .
one red , one green .
about three feet long , its body was half the thickness of a garden hose , its scales an iridescent green in the firelight .
in the sunlight , the stone glinted an emerald green , a brilliant match to her eyes .
we meditated , she went cold turkey off the junk food , and we limited our intake to staples like dark greens , nuts and fruits .
i remembered their names from my freshman art class - cadmium red , chinese white , phthalo green .
painted lost - in - the - woods green .
on the topic of puke green , i bet she 'd wanted to throw up a bit when she saw camelot go up .
coming around a bend , cole looked out at a massive wall that was the dark green of a forest at twilight .
as he moved toward the front doors , cole saw his reflection blazing a brilliant green .
his simple clothing was a faded green that blended with the forest vegetation .
looking down , jason noticed that the water was a murky green .
the striking petals looked venomously bright against the dull greens and browns of the surrounding foliage .
insects abounded - dragonflies , mosquitos , gnats , water skimmers , and beetles in metallic greens and blues .
her blond eyebrows arched delicately over striking eyes of the deepest green .
far below , the moss river sparkled with sun dazzle , a glittering ribbon that wound through a deep valley of leafless hardwoods , silver - blue spruce , and the darker green of dense hemlock and feathery white pine .
what amazed him was that his bullet wound was actually healing , the bruises shading to a mottled green and yellow .
now , in the green of the moon , the thing was near invisible .
the water was n't blue at all but murky and a really weird , brassy green .
even deeper in the trees , something flickered - a flash of light green - and then a cedar swayed with a sudden shake and shiver , spilling a fine curtain of snow .
from the green , liverish stink boiling from his skin , she knew then that , however much acne wanted to rip out her throat and gorge himself on her meat - feel its warmth and her blood in his mouth - first , he wanted her to suffer .
her eyes were very bright , a brilliant green ; her long hair as deeply rich and red as his blood .
the walls are sea - foam green , and there are many shuttered windows and dark wooden arched doors with tarnished brass knobs , set slightly back in cubbies like the openings to catacombs but bolted tight with queer rectangular iron locks .
this was my least favorite time of year , everything dying and dull , not the bright greens of summer or the clean white of the snow .
his eyes were magnetic , the green of dewy grass , with thick , dark lashes .
i could see now that the green was speckled with streaks of gold and amber .
it was all rich greens and blues , dark wood and simple patterns .
there were a dozen different shades of green down there , if you were really looking .
it was october , so the cold night air had pulled the green from the leaves and turned the underbrush red and brown .
their eyes , human eyes in wolf skulls , remind me of water : the clear blue of water reflecting the spring sky , the brown of a brook churning with rainfall , the green of the lake in summer as the algae begins to bloom , the gray of a snow - choked river .
underneath the dull green of the pines , i wrapped my arms around myself , cold without the sun on me .
he did n't flinch when i took in his bright green , human eyes and the curious tilt to his ears .
the walls were a putrid shade of sea green and the exam room had a mural featuring four misshapen killer whales frolicking in sea green waves .
grace 's face was nearing a pale shade of green and the knuckles on her hand clutching the steering wheel had turned white .
horses charge by us ; the green of ian privett 's colors , the light blue of blackwell 's , the gold of the piebald mare .
everything was painted in the same color palette , ruddy greens and deep - green reds ; even the rubbish looked as if it had grown from the sloping hills .
the gray sky above made everything greens and blacks , forest and shade , growing and mysterious .
its beautiful , perfectly symmetrical canopy stretched from one fence line to the other , so dense that it tinted even the hottest summer day a lush green .
below them , the surface of the world was deeply green , and cutting through the green was a narrow , shining river , a mirror to the sky .
most of the leaves that surrounded them were the dusky red - green of shifting autumn .
it was lit to a dim green by the lamp on the nightstand .
they glowed faintly to me , blues and aquamarines and watery greens , all the color of my eyes .
the color grew and rose around us until we stood in a twilight garden , the half - light tinted green as it filtered down between massive leaves the size of my body .
there , lying in a pile of broken lumber jutted with nails and set debris painted an ugly green , was a shirtless body .
beyond was forest : an impenetrable - looking barrier of green that continued in both directions as far as i could see .
all of a sudden everyone was looking off at the paintings on the walls or adjusting their collars - except for emma , whose face was turning a certain shade of green .
i stared through the glass , fixed on that patch of green , thinking it must ' ve been the breeze , but then each of its fingers flexed as if sensation were slowly returning to them .
her mouth opened a little and i could see the knobby bright green of her gum between her tongue and her teeth .
i was in the middle of the ocean , no shore in sight , and the water was this deep forest green and smelled rich , like fertile soil .
i saw the land stripped of green and all the other colors of life , pallid nameless things squirmed in the thick mud where the rivers used to run .
he punched in the code , the little light flashed green , and the door swung open , revealing a white landscape shimmering like a courier and ives print .
looking at the world through the fir tree meant seeing only the essential things : the vivid green of the grass , dew glistening on petals , a robin flicking its tail , a squirrel rustling through the rhododendron , a miracle of life and growth that forever pulsed under the ordinariness .
everywhere , troglods were exchanging small slips of colored paper : reds , blues , greens , and purples .
the main difference in their looks , liza saw , was in the eyes : anna had hazel eyes , while this girl 's were the vivid green of the thick moss that grew beneath her bare feet .
the - girl - who - was - even - prettier - than - anna said , her eyes flashing an almost electric green .
just that - that momentary flash of green in the girl 's eyes - had reminded her of the spindlers ' eyes watching her from the dark .
when it cleared , conor and the monster stood on a field of green , overlooking a valley of metal and brick . )
its bright green , like neon green .
the trees looked like an endless sea of lush green and the sun peeked out from behind the clouds .
13 olive green it ca n't be .
a dry crunching sounded outside the canopy of grape leaves ; the hanging greenery parted , and rupert ducked inside , downing something from an ancient olive - green thermos with golden paisleys .
the carpet was a forest green but there were throw rugs with bright , colorful scenes .
strangely the sky was turning from a normal blue to a sunset of greens .
there were all shades of green , but none of the usual sunset colors .
all the playful greens fade away .
four miles inland , the lush green that surrounded the farmsteads gave way to a rockier terrain .
they asked , and that was a slightly more difficult question to answer as they had thirty - eight different shaded of green in their repertoire , and i quickly became torn between kelly , office and british racing green , but that could be finalised later , although i definitely wanted a gold stripe running down the side of the hull , just like the royal yacht .
the vast parking lot had been reclaimed by the neighboring meadows and a small herd of goats feasted on the hearty green between broken patches of concrete .
glistering dew nourished meadows and flowers to a supple light green , sprinkled with bright dots of yellow , white , red and blue .
it will all look very nice against the british racing green i thought , but i had a problem , i wanted lady s , but was i to have large l - small ady s , or small lady - large s ?
as i approached arabella her tail assembly had already been slid off and two rather large hunter green ( with gold trim of course ) articulated lorries were parked one either side of her , they were our roadies .
instead of three reds , followed reassuringly by a few clunks and then three greens , my finger disappeared into the bowels of the side panel , and as i looked on in mild interest at this strange occurrence , a rather sticky puddle started to form around my heals .
i felt had we managed to continue galloping along with no collapse it would have led to the human race consuming soylent green .
it was overwhelming at first , but after a few seconds , dias eyes adjusted to the brightness and the green focused into individual objects .
it twinkled with golden light from the low sun , gloriously contrasted against the green of the vegetation .
the amazing splendor of the blue ocean , the deep green near the equator and the beautiful sand color of the deserts in africa overlaid with swirls and wisps of clouds here and there was truly astonishing .
she took the time to notice all the flowers blooming , the deep , dark green of the trees , the smell of spring in bloom .
each blade of the thick , lush st . augustine grass appeared to have been trimmed individually with manicure scissors to the exact same height , and all were a uniformly dark green .
despite the palette of colors on his platethe sea - grass green of asparagus , an arterial red tomato sprinkled with chalk - white chevre , two seared lamb chops with golden edgeswhen those colors get inside his mouth , they turn to gray .
our life is so horrible , its made the little thingssalt on stringy greens , a cup of hot tea in a cold , dark , damp roomincredibly important .
far to the east she thought she could see an intense , unbroken green which she guessed was the pale , the area of wilderness that grew up after the great fire ended the ticklish situation .
the arms of two upholstered chairs , maybe once in the distant past , forest green and tufted , were gray and smooth .
she was writing out the number on the same sheet that she had used to write out the combinations of coldest green .
three blocks away , a small freighter , colored mostly in patches of rust and a few flakes of green , flying the orange , white and green stripes of cote divoire , was making a slow turn into a berth .
within a quarter century , when seen from the air , there looked to be nothing on long island east of huntington but the green of jungle and the silver , greens and browns of the insidious waters .
within a quarter century , when seen from the air , there looked to be nothing on long island east of huntington but the green of jungle and the silver , greens and browns of the insidious waters .
those years engulfed in wood and water , surrounded by a thousand greens , had evolved a language different from the one used by someone who had spent those years filled with the microscopy of her research and social relations .
she was as comfortable in the green as he came to be in the bury .
because of the overhanging branches and the brush - edged banks , the water of the stream is mottled with the greens and browns of growth and blues , greens and blacks of growths shadows .
because of the overhanging branches and the brush - edged banks , the water of the stream is mottled with the greens and browns of growth and blues , greens and blacks of growths shadows .
dickys cheeks , forehead and chinlet are colored a whitish green from a thick covering of some emollient .
the weatherman in his navy greens was chewing tobacco and spitting into a beer can , some of the putrid drool clinging to his mustache .
his navy greens appeared crisp and trim , a dead giveaway that he was recently arrived from the world .
the dark green of the material walls absorbed any light that made any attempt to illuminate it , from within or without .
the greens that you saw attacking the field camp , and spiriting off your guy , did nt take him with them .
the intense green of the jungle began to turn gray .
all this baked this , and broiled that , and fresh green this , and fresh green that will break a mans spirit .
everythings in the green , i reported eventually .
literal fire burning in their eyes , one set blue and the other green , both women turned to rush me , fists at the ready .
they d become more smoky , and all leprechaun green .
the boy 's restless eyes , roving the leaves below them , discovered splashes of color among the green .
valerian twisted his arm around in front of him , and the thing fell to the floor -- a great black exotic blossom on a jade - green stem , large as a woman 's head , to be sure , but tiny beside the exaggerated vision he had seen .
~ chris was nt at all surprised to see the green glow the next day , and the day after that , and the day after that .
an unnatural thunderclap came from across the sea , followed by a blinding flash of green .
every bit of furniture in the house seemed to be designed to be inviting and comfortable yet it looked elegant at the same time , the cloth covering the pieces were richly colored in greens and yellows with intricate designs over every part and edged in gold .
this outfit was warm browns and dark greens with streaks of orange and black .
first this girl had demonstrated the red affinity and now the green .
their shades colored the forest with their beauty ; dark burgundy , deep hunter green , and sapphire blues .
the tattoos seemed to shimmer , a light glow in the green of the forest .
there were people all around , staring out of the green of the jungle .
her vision began to return to normal , and the vibrant greens of the jungle began to resurface .
his eyes burned into hers , the most brilliant green she had ever seen , an amused smile stretching his lips as his eyes took in her single tattoo .
her face , painted in bright greens , reminded zanas of the forest she had left behind .
they said nothing , simply stared at her , three pairs of eyes looking back : one green , one blue and the third a honey yellow .
the girl lifted her eyes to zanass , her eyes flashing a brilliant green , as zanas continued on .
her hair was the same auburn i remembered from both women i had met , and her eyes the same deep green i would never forget .
* * * hat night , barbara wore a blue dress that changed to deep green when she moved .
the view from the junker transport was breathtaking , the rich , fertile elbe river valley a gentle green beneath the rugged backdrop of the white - capped harz mountains in the distance .
the sheimas sat upon a patch of dry , green grass , the first good green of the spring .
a place of dream where paths do cease of life nor death nor winters touch alone summers sun on chambers endless green on fields singing only summers tone .
everything was off except for the generator monitors and the fire suppression system , all in the green .
far to the left sooke basin , surrounded by the dark green of forest right to the waters edge , broken up here and there by homes lucky enough to be on the water .
i had chosen a subtle green accentuated with a hint of grey .
yet , the green in those eyes smiled at me .
its clear crystal shone with colours that shifted between red , gold , blue and the faintest of green ...
until the dragonpraise his green scalesburned them all away .
the people of the port wore reds as luminous as rubies , greens colorful as summer grass , and oranges bright as flame .
in the sunlight , brand noticed that even the houses and shops of andarrs port were painted in pastel yellows , greens and blues , so totally unlike the grayness of white wolf keep or oskir .
the walls were painted a lush green .
they would also set up a blocking position to the north of the camp to intercept anyone fleeing from captain greens forces .
standing on the tarmac , faces painted with green , tan and black camouflage paint , weighed down with nearly one - hundred pounds of equipment including parachutes , reserve parachutes , weapons , c - rats ( canned food ) and ammo the entire 2nd battalion nervously waited to board the giant , army green , hercules c-130 transports .
sergeant walker knew once the red turned to green it was all she wrote .
rubbing his neck , the hermit counted seven others like his guest , plus three in browns and greens with patches on their coats , and another wearing charcoal grey .
the men normally in charge of interrogation turned an uncomfortable shade of green if they stayed to watch the session , and they were not soft men .
the doors and shutters of the houses and shops were the palest blues and greens and lilacs , like a dream of paradise at dawn .
there 's bits of wood and rope swirling all around us , and we 're going to ( inaudible ) oh boy , that was close , looked like part of the mainmast , all chewed up , hit the water right alongside with a terrific splash , and we shipped scummy green over the side .
the blue light stopped flashing and changed to green .
there , barely visible , was the touch of green that he imagined to be trees , and the bright gleam of sunlight reflected off a blue splash of lake .
a shaft of oddly colored light pierced the gloom of the cabin as a young woman rushed in ; she had light olive skin and midnight black hair and wore the same simple browns , greens and grays that the giant wore .
he looked out again from under his hood , and his eyes locked onto the shape of the girl walking in front of him , the grays and greens of her clothing blending her into the forest around her even as she walked , holding the reins of his horse .
he pushed his way through the crowded and narrow streets , between rickety wooden buildings decked out in purples , yellows , greens , and reds all offensively bright , passing merchants still loudly hawking wares and groups of baseborn speaking loudly .
a woodsman several miles to the east - two women moving to the south - several small bands of what must have been families to the west - and there , several miles to the north , a band of soldiers and the exile girl flashes of green and silver , the sound of steel cutting silk glowing in his minds eye , and then gone , too far away .
before it came , the double doors swung inward , and men and women in heavy armor accompanied by rogue and ranger pairs in gleaming silver , gold and green flooded through the doors , looking around them .
kindred archers in dark greens and browns covered every spare inch of the wall , raining arrows down on anything that moved in the lower levels of the city .
as he was bringing them back , he caught sight of his sister hurrying across the meadow in their direction ; she was wearing a pale green gown over a yellow kirtle and her hair was ablaze in the rich autumn sunlight .
the green of your eyes will serve very well .
the vivid greens are a humbling sight for someone so accustomed to the decay of castle town .
traversing the final trunk , rift finds himself in a large clearing populated by children dressed in green .
his visage is indistinguishable beneath his hood , but his round eyes glow a pale green .
a brief cry of pain is cut off by an explosion of debris , the man in green sent sprawling into the rows of wooden pews below .
the picture story ends with a man in green slaying the crocodile - like beasts and afterward being heralded by the goron people .
it seemed to work as they got close to their men , gunfire ceased , and he could see two men , a soldier and the border officer in dark green .
she had n't noticed it hanging there earlier , but now she was sure it was the same distinctive green as she 'd seen inside the strange building with all the snakes .
as she turned to examine the next surface , however , a sparkle of green caught her eye and she cleared aside a small pile of iron tools to reveal the bejewelled hilt of the blade she knew so well .
there was a set of vials in front of him , and as she watched he poured one into another , turning the liquid green , and then a few drops from that into the next .
it was often above a hundred degrees close to the canopy where the sun shined , but at ground level , surrounded by dappled shades of green of every color , the temperature was often well below eighty degrees .
inside it was spacious and painted in a calming hunter green .
with every pulse , the large ship gradually dissolve from shiny , emerald green to dull , transparent green , and finally to grey dust .
avocado greens and puke yellows lined the walls .
ok , it changed back to green .
i have two greens and one orange .
i have three greens .
the meadow is beautified with cuckoopints of yellow - green spathe covered by arrow - shaped leaves , punctuated by tiny purple flowers .
ricky looked up and watched as the eastern horizon fluoresced in the most spectacular range of greens , reds and purple he had ever seen .
the birds came back , and the forests started to sprout , showing the spring green of their branches .
and this green what is actually ?
abruptly a and b turrets erupted simultaneously in a blast of noise and shooting flame , the sea flickering and flashing a pale green in the stark glare .
the world stumbled to a halt as claire hung suspended from the bright yellow rope , the only primary colour in a field of muted greens and greys .
the unique shafts of colored light , the brilliant tans , the reds and browns of thousands of tiny mushrooms , the greens of every possible shade on a hundred mosses , and the earth tones of yet another hundred kinds of fungus literally painted the walls and ceilings of this cavern inside a tree .
natasha and i suddenly appear on a swinging outdoor futon , gazing up at a vast amount of stars with hues of blues and greens that i ve never seen before .
there is a girl being attacked by a vampire down the hall , which i can tell by the swirl of colors in his aura versus the solid green in the victim well , that and the fact that he is attached to her neck .
dusty green sage emphasized the sharper greens and reds of the cloth .
beyond it , the land rolled away to the mountains , alight with the spring greens of grass , shrubs , and deciduous trees displaying shy new leaves .
the evening clouds were tinted bright salmon , and the low ground at the base of the hill had a soft , delicate wash of warm color over the hard green of the coniferous forest .
a reflected golden glow warmed the spring green , hinting of the rich summer to come .
where crops had been planted , the land was a rich green .
the upper story , painted ominous green , had no windows although several had been cinder blocked in .
suddenly something whips into view , a streak of green that settles right above her .
there is a brief flash of white light that fades to a deep green and engulfs the area in a one - mile radius .
trees and shrubs showed off their spring colours ; bright greens mingled with the pink and white of early blossom .
when she finally turned her head on the pillow and squeezed open one eye , she saw a green , pulsating light filling the room .
the goats head on the other hand had barely any teeth , but mesmerizing red eyes , and the snakes head was a venomous green , its fangs , two poisonous waterfalls , sharp as needles and as strong as diamonds .
she paused , and a shield of translucent green covered their heads like an umbrella .
instead , she pulled on another pair of pants , these a dark green instead of her regular light brown , and then went digging through her drawers for a shirt .
the lovely deep purple of the knot on his temple also complemented the green of his skin , and eryk guessed that between the hangover and the concussion , branden likely felt horrible .
halfway down the trail to hell , in a shady meadow green are the souls of all dead troopers camped , near a good old - time canteen .
lucifer sang a tune that followed the rhythm of his playing style : halfway down the trail to hell , in a shady meadow green are the souls of all dead troopers camped , near a good old - time canteen .
it is called fiddlers greens you know .
in her hands she held an ancient knife , sheathed in a wooden case painted with a dizzying array of blues and greens .
* * * clint and the indians followed a small freshwater stream , its banks lined with cattails , then sandbar willows , fresh with new green , as they rose higher .
yes , the princess has always been fond of the color green , especially the hue of jade .
their colours were otherworldly shades of blues , greys , greens and purples vivid amidst the whiteness and the young men compared the larger bergs with fantastical castles or cathedrals .
the pale greens did nt want to pursue him west of the old foss and crooked crags volunteer police were no match for him .
a pale green , as the police in bradenfield were called due to the color of their uniforms , was in heated conversation with an old man that thorn assumed was mr . pith .
the pale green was pointing at an ancient pump around the side of the house from which several long tubes , like the arms of an octopus , were coiled .
if you are not willing to buy the new tubing , mr . pith , the pale green was saying , then you will no longer be able to use your pump .
the pale green was furiously writing on the clipboard he carried under his arm .
the pale green nodded and got back into his police buggy .
i take it you saw that exchange with the pale green ?
i thought mr . pith was going to kill that pale green this morning and you hardly even seem worked up .
and i do nt doubt that mr . pith and the pale green were almost at blows .
its one of the topics of debate , what with them attacking our farms and the pale greens doing nothing to stop them .
what did the pale greens say ?
pale greens are useless .
thorn also noted that the presence of pale greens was tempered by len dietrichs own private police force .
they wore red uniforms of the same style as the pale greens , so people would recognize them as authority , but instead of a badge they bore the l & d shipping logo on their breast .
the wharfs were crawling with pale greens and reds .
getting past the pale greens would nt be much of a problem .
the pale greens followed along nervously , as they knew that they would be utterly powerless to stop this sizeable crowd from doing anything it wanted .
fights had begun to erupt between the dock workers and the pale greens around the edges .
and i understand that the pale greens of bradenfield province did nothing to help .
the crowd parted to allow len dietrichs private police force to seize the pale greens and to escort them , along with the mayor , off to a detention cell .
and i , too , have been frustrated in my attempts to have the pale greens do anything about it .
they ll send pale greens when they ca nt get what they want legally .
this is where the pale greens and len dietrichs private police came when they wanted to unwind .
with most of the pale greens having been incarcerated , and with everyone on the docks suddenly finding themselves without anything to do except to enjoy free liquor and food , the inn was jam - packed .
late in the evening of the second day a group of wealthy and well - connected citizens , who wanted to prevent revolution , freed mayor dinesh and the imprisoned pale greens with the hope that they would restore order .
their faith was misplaced , however , as mayor dinesh holed up in his mansion and surrounded himself with those very same pale greens , as though they were his own personal security detail .
tell the pale greens , or better yet , go to the town hall or the mayors mansion and tell them .
he found owen baker and sent him across the river to the lean and pale to try and get some help from the pale greens or from len dietrichs private police force .
the pale greens were nt going to move without orders , and len dietrichs private security did nt feel any of this was their fight .
and while the bradenfield police force , or pale greens as they were known due to the color of their uniforms , was shutting down upstarts who did nt have the proper licensing for the myriad goods they were transporting , the black market smugglers were doing booming business .
the small stone was a beautiful shade of dark green , and its surface was smooth .
some folding green got me a droopy fishing hat adorned with rusty treble - barbed lures , and a bucket of stinky bait .
the hillsides were covered with the deep green of pine trees , and the valleys the lush green meadows .
she looked down to see both breasts had nearly completely turned a brownish green .
their scaly skin was a mixture of dark greens and browns , perfect camouflage for the terrain .
she looked down at herself and saw that the greens and browns on her chest had turned a dull yellow .
she did as he said and breathed slowly while he studied the greens and yellows .
nearing sundown , she spotted some green off to the side .
as her laughter died down she mumbled , quickly drawing weird symbols in the cooling air that flashed and shone an eerie green .
the town nestled into the hillside , buildings dotted through the trees like a herd of deer trying to conceal themselves , with only their antlers visible through the green .
as she glimpsed red , instead of the green she hoped to see , claireslumpedback down and dropped her head into her hands .
this species favoured as many shades of green as you can imagine .
while being taken back home on the back of his bumpy old dog cart , he disclosed the talkative postman informed him he d glimpsed me at the edge of our woods , dressed in bright green from head to toe , beckoning furiously in the early morning mist .
this immediately gave way to a traditional japanese - sounding melody in an oppressive minor key amplified to an unnecessary volume that was synchronized to the flashing sign changing to green .
i was thinking we should play streets like brook green where the emi and virgin offices are you know , put it under their noses .
calvin explained with experience they d play brook green for the benefit of emi and virgin .
after several months of nothing but black water and blue sky , the green of the land was almost too vivid to be real .
on the other side she could see a large circle of green that she decidedmust bea cricket pitch .
in professor greens class , a debate of another kind was taking place , and anticipation mounted as the opposing parties took their places at the front of the room .
minnie looked at the ragged marks mixing blood with dark green on axe .
with a slew of bags brimming with the green of fresh vegetables in tow , jina and pepper boarded an elevator on mercury mall 's second sub - level floor to travel back up to the ground floor .
burgundy goes amazingly well with envious green .
neon reds and blues and yellows and greens flooded the designs carved into the balconies and the ceiling .
in green across it .
a man in surgical greens clutching a clipboard appeared behind her shoulder .
i remember mowing this green , and getting off to check something and , then i pushed the dark hair back from my own hazel eyes as i tried to recall , i m right here talking to you , so , how could i be in the hospital ?
the sky was going that dark blue that makes the palm trees into long - necked silhouettes with just a hint of color to them browns and greens gently fading into grays and blacks .
the marine layer had burned off and the sky was blue ; the green of the grass and trees stood out in sharp contrast against it .
the clean , cool ocean air came at us from the direction of the water , and the greens and blues all around were spectacular .
melody looked so lovely resting on one knee , there , in the green of the grass .
the green of the golf course and red roof of the del in the distance .
deep reds and indigos , yellows and blues , browns and greens .
the greens were deep and emerald all around us , and the combined fragrance from the flowers and the trees was amazing sweet and pure .
the sea itself rippled in a palette of blues and greens , darker and more foreboding than the sparkling strip of water seen in the distance from the hostel .
her really really special friend then contacted her and said close your eyes and do nt open them until you are out of the room , and david thought four greens .
despite the hardship and the tiredness we feel in our limbs , we marvel at the beauty of this country , at the verdant greens , and the raw beauty of the yellow plains .
the colours i associated with africa were hues of yellow and gold , oranges , and ambers , somehow warmer than the cool greens of england , but at the same time less gentle , and harsher , promising much for those who fought and worked to survive , but little for those who did nt .
the vegetation was the most incredible array of greens i have ever seen and there were several dutch style homesteads dotted throughout amid straight lines of grape vines , contrasting with the chaos of the native bush .
willie said , the color greens sorta unusual around these parts anyway .
the cloak itself seemed to change from black to dark green and it hurt his eyes to look at it .
and then it came out of the trees , it looked like a man , but it was taller than anyone dylan had ever seen , it must have been more than twice his dads height and its body was a mix of greens and browns .
he muttered an incantation and poured the contents of the bottle , which by now had turned a deep forest green , onto andrew 's wounds .
i asked some greens this question , and they could n't tell me . ''
the sky was not the azure blue we see today , but was rather of all colors , and earth 's vegetation was not the vibrant green it is now , but was a mix of color , as they were made according to the original plan .
` ` did green take the plants , as blue took the sky ? ''
` ` why she chose the color green , i can not say .
wave after wave of blue soldiers crashed into the lines of green , emulating the swells of the sea whence came their leader 's inspiration .
the green 's behind the walls were weakened , and they hastily tried to regroup and fortify themselves .
cheering and stomping could be heard all around the courtyard , as greens celebrated their victory .
during the kafto season , the last of the snow around sprite 's glow melted away and the green of the smoke grass filled our fields .
you come back next spring you ll see great new white piers going high into the air , looking real nice against the green of the trees along the river .
the lush growth maintained an appearance of natural sanctity , yet in the midst of this green he saw remnants of abandoned campfires with piles of beer cans and broken wine bottles scattered on the ruined brick floor .
the color of the costumes was a startling contrast to the deep dark green of the yard .
there are colorful greens and browns blended onto the surface of the slowly drifting continents and the warmth from its molten core can practically be felt from the cold of space .
after twenty feet , the refreshing water on the surface turned down right cold and everything faded into dark green .
as the light green faded into shadows , a pair of ghostly white hands appeared .
in the back of the weps were four army mps and two soldiers in army dress greens .
when they all stood and got ready to offload he could see the handcuffs and belly chains on the two in dress greens who were certainly prisoners and the fact that all four mps were armed with holstered colt military 45s and nightsticks hanging from their duty belts .
the polished yellow metal glinted a dull green in the fluorescent lights .
the harbor had started to freeze from the outside in and the statue of liberty had changed from a healthy green to a frost bitten white .
the trees were nt the same shape or shade of green .
in my defense , it was baby - crap green .
the hut looked faded against the rich green - ness of the grass and the trees that looked faded against the white glow of the clouds , and so our eyes jumped from contrast to contrast .
there was no mistaking the light green of charlie 's new / used ford .
some of its leaves clung perilously to life and although they appeared silver in the bright moonlight brad knew they were a healthy green and had been growing rapidly during the two weeks since he had discovered the newly fallen monarch .
their soft green background matched the green of her sleeveless gown .
he had already graved her face so deep into his memory that he could recall every detail from the deep green of her eyes to her reaction to stress , when she was biting her lips .
the green of her pupil was even more intensive than a second ago .
the light bounced up from below into the cigar smokers face , lighting the swirls of smoke a pale green , and giving the mans face an unnatural , macabre look .
there were six gray green , estimated up to six to seven meters of serpens inroads , they all head tongue , head triangular in shape , but also opened their bloody mouth , advancing step by step over ... ... ... ... ... ... ... pattering rain , but still clearly heard the roar of snake !
having so much to work with , fix tended to get a bit carried away at times and some of his creations would leave mad max green with envy .
as far as she could see was the vividness of lush green , the shining black basalt , the wide blue sky .
across the boundary , the hillside where the pine plantation had been was now a slope of brown soil , smooth and peppered with green as the new grass sprouted .
the brown hillside of kelvin 's ploughed land contrasted to the green of the other hills and darker colours of forested slopes .
a few short showers watered the earth , the combination of sunlight and moisture turning the land a lush green .
some of the grass had started to grow back but in between were fine hair - like growths of tender green .
reds , greens , blues , every color imaginable seemed to be part of the dazzling circle .
it too was black but bore ribbons of green , as if life somehow retained a tenuous hold .
it seemed completely out of place in these surroundings , the overgrown vegetation concealing the structure within a shroud of green .
dredger threw the rope violently to the ground , hate blazing in his eyes , their colour altering rapidly until they became a vivid green .
jack was becoming increasingly fed up with the monotony of their surroundings , the constant green of tree and grass .
their greens and brown tops led ethan to believe those were nymphs , forest dwellers who were all female .
when done her fingers light returned to green .
she wore a long dress of light green , but a classy design .
as tony looked around , he had to admit that the different white , blue , and red flowers added a great deal of charm and offset the green very well .
flowers started to grow out of the heads of everyone on the dance floor ; brightly coloured sunflowers in a constantly changing kaleidoscope of vivid greens , pinks , yellows and reds .
it smelt of heat , of green , of childhood summertime ; like skipping the end of winter and all of spring .
the view outside stretched for miles , the greens and blues of the summer making a welcome change from the stark white i had become used to .
he was infatuated with her face and fell into the green of her eyes .
a sharp - looking , curved sword was immediately brandished and mr . greens remaining customers hurriedly started leaving .
the boats were painted in bright blues , greens and trimmed with yellow and red .
the sun fell behind them , and the fields took on gradient hues of green and gold .
in a daring run for uniqueness , this had been done in a lively green whilst the building itself boasted a coat of screaming bright yellow .
dawn approached likewise with some greens .
sprigs of green were also given to clear the palate .
beneath them was a great empty space , a solid carpet of trees and a circle of gulls flashing white against the green .
the grass weaves in and out of different hues of green , curving about in a neat , artistic fashion .
chapter two the great grassy plain was an emerald green , tufts of jade drawn on its surface like sprigs of holly .
the water moccasin has dark colors of brown , black and olive green to hide really well looking looks at waterin this dank muck of dark brown piss shit called a river .
each had those same skin flaps at their necks , and eyes of too vibrant shades , violet , silver , seafoam green , that shimmered like jewels beneath the war - lit sky .
her cheeks were roseate that complimented her glowing fair skin , her black dress turned into white accentuated by swirls of soft purple and pink and red and yellow , her headband was sky blue and the cloud embellishment was clean white , her once black mid - length boots returned to their original color of yellow green .
i stare at the ceiling as my heart drops down into my neon green painted toe nails then i look at sterlings rear skull .
i do not see a bloody red or a runny green or a solid gray stool pushing out the childs butthole .
a runny green is diarrhea of infection within the body .
the aspen and cottonwood trees drew back the green from their leaves and stored their nutrients in the trunks and roots , killing off their leaves and readying for the deep freeze .
time passed and the cliff gloried in the little green it protected .
she turned , faced them and sent a focused sound into the dense green .
it was only 20 feet wide at this point and scarcely deeper than six feet , its sluggish current moving in eddies of dark green , reminding him of the wheat - grass smoothies sold at the juice bar of the carrot common , a local health food mecca on danforth avenue .
she tugged a summer dress of mottled brown - and - green from a branch where it d been draped .
wolff sat nearby , watching the flickering phosphorous green of the sonar screen .
signal flares lit up like giant lightning bugs with bright yellows , reds and greens from the line stretching far to the west , a sign that a ship needed to port soon due to technical reasons or a demand of call .
a myriad of colors ; red faded to pinks ; blues comingled with purples , and the greens on one side morphed into the yellow colors of sunlight .
without hesitation , he grabs both his friends around the waist as the figures eyes glow a faint green , squeezing them tightly as his tattoo suddenly glows intensely .
squeezing the poor girl as tightly as he s able , his strength all but fails him as her limp limbs wave and flail in the hurricane of wind exploding from the blinding green of his open palm .
the distant shore seems lacking in activity , but upon closer inspection , a boy wearing green comes into view near the old scientists shack .
soon enough , the murky blue water becomes a swampy green , the motorized craft immediately communicating its inability to continue traversing the thickening bog .
the glowing orb within the fiends stomach , revealed by geists attack so many decades ago , no longer radiates with energy , instead glowing a depressing shade of green behind the curtain of keese .
i had left behind england , dressed in the rainy colours of early autumn and stepped now into an african spring day : bright , hot and dirty green .
okay , nothing army green , i thought sleepily .
there s poxs color dot in green .
looking up through the mottled greens and yellows of the canopy above him , he sees nothing but the shards of sunlight shimmering through the ever moving leaves .
as he came out of the trees , amongst the tattered brambles and small splaying elders , pauls eye was caught by the bright orange shine of berries , standing out starkly against the mottled greens and browns behind .
her eyes were a mesmerizing ocean green .
vorkis picked up the fluttering heart and tossed it into the small green can beside the desk where it disintegrated in a puff of smoke .
her cherry red lips went into a frown and her hazel eyes seemed to flash a brilliant green more than blue when she was stressed .
the grass was a luscious green and carpeted the entire castle grounds .
they gripped their weapon handles and the stones in their hilts began to glow brilliantly , scarrrs a transparent yellow and cannons an emerald green .
he powered up his staff and instead of the usual green , i saw something totally different , totally outlawed , and in that moment , i lost my friend forever .
i do nt like the color green anyway .
the lush green of the vegetable fields , adorning the lower slopes of the hills and the spaces between the huts , were enchanting in the past , doma said with nostalgic recollections .
says david as he glances quickly at a small green led under a tiny lens just above the big screen .
the nosy ones who are watching and listening to every word we 're saying right now , '' says david as he points to the green led over the screen .
` ` see , there 's my web cam , '' as he points the small lens below the green led just above the screen .
the palo station returns to green .
as lights switch to green on his console , todd swiftly types in the password and each laser energizes to full power .
the sun is still covered by the dark clouds , leaving the flora a beautiful dark green .
neo - nazis and their blind prejudice again , i got in his face , i hate whites , blacks , browns , oranges and greens .
sally scrunched up his forehead like paul had just asked him what the color green looked like .
starting at a spot about fifty feet above the ground , close to the ruined castle itself , the air seemed to rip apart like a burst seam , the blues and whites and greens of the world replaced by a stark and empty grayness that spread in a line toward the grasses below .
the ground underneath my feet was a similar moss , thick and swirling around my knees , the brightest and most vivid green i had ever seen .
jessie saw the paintings all around her , still filled with bold reds and greens and blues .
when it reached her hands , she felt a whispering rush as a green , swirling tide of light flowed from her and hit dian carman with the force of a hurricane .
said lo , looking down at the singular chicken thigh presented with great care on a lavish bed of dandelion greens , along with a blob of black caviar and two intricately carved red radish rosettes .
as they reluctantly pulled away from the horses , dorian spoke of a new defender in shae vale by the name of ayden green .
a thrill washed over her -- this had to be the human defender , ayden green !
the faces in the surrounding crowd focused on ayden green .
i believe the cat is also ayden greens companion .
if she really concentrated , maybe someday shed be as good a defender as ayden green .
our friend , ayden green , has begun a quest to destroy degus .
we must celebrate , for the defender , ayden green , will soon face her .
you see , he said and gave echo a piercing look , three days ago , ayden green -- with the help of many allies , including the dragons you and song released -- slew degus the sorceress .
his boss , special agent in charge shane green , was calling him from his office .
sac shane green was a tall , red - haired man with a thin build .
the robe was a shade of bright green meant to signify growth yet to come .
there was the yellow of wheat , the green of peas and barley .
the other was an expansive set of green ( her favorite color ) stoneware , enough for twelve full settings with additional matching platters and pitchers .
the grassy green of well - manicured lawns went by in a blur as he traversed backyards and without slowing , sailed over two fences .
dark amber mixed with the green of his irises .
small beady eyes , shining bright like lights ; one blue , the other green .
purple specks dotted the green .
it stood above the surrounding green like a guardian .
not a putrid green but a soft green brought on by the plants and algae in the water .
not a putrid green but a soft green brought on by the plants and algae in the water .
their scaled bodies of burgundy , bright orange , deep red , and plenty of yellows and greens are as plentiful and diverse as the corals overhanging the sea cliffs .
deep reds , pinks , silvers , golds , and occasional greens crowd the hall like corals packed onto a cliff , clamoring to reach the best nutrients .
serena traverses the passageway and enters the forest , her body armor reflecting the long lines of dark browns and greens of the trees .
color creeps up rayne 's cheeks and her scales flare a deep green .
they are swirls of deep green and pinpoints of gold , fringed with dark lashes .
they are bold colorsdeep reds and blues , and brilliant greens and purples .
they passed entertainers who wore bright clothing , all purples and greens or yellows and blues , and stood in small cleared circles of pavement and performed acts of juggling , comedy and magic before gathered audiences .
the sinking sun cast lovely golden shafts and intensified the flowering green of springtime .
plucked berries and greens eased their hunger .
pink and gold bouquets of fluffy clouds blazed around the rising sun , and the greens of the blooming spring soaked up the power of their heavenly benefactor .
at first he saw nothing except the bright green of new shoots growing up through the forest litter .
there was a wobble to his step that dasen had not seen before , and he wondered how much of the ale that was flowing in the green had made its way down his gullet .
with that thought in mind , dasen surveyed their hiding place again but found only curved walls of green on every side .
the long forgotten logs were rotten and moss covered but had fallen in such a way that someone could view most of the green with little chance of being detected .
his father , rynn , elton , his guards , even pete magee and his gang were nowhere to be found in the sliver of the green he could see from his sanctuary .
from what he could see through the shadows beyond the red glow at the bottom of the tent , the space was lit only by a single candle on a small table the man was big but not as large as he remembered from the green .
the sun shone through the stained glass window to the side , washing the savior with greens , blues , and yellows as if anointing him with the divine light of the order from the heavens above .
near those buildings , the green had been tamed into fields , but the fields were only differentiated by the square fences that surrounded them and the precise rows of the crops .
instead , she admired the blue of the sky , the green of the trees and other plant life around them .
his othersense showed the tracks as a dull , sickly green sprinkled with infected urine and saliva .
the only constant was the cool green of the forest that started behind his house and grew thick and dense for days in all directions .
north of the peninsula was the deep green of the coldfire forest and then the coldfire mountains beyond that .
then it lightened back to green , and all was still .
a moment was all they had , for the horror was already sliding toward them , leaving a slimy trail of green behind it .
mucal holds his position as a green and a red dragons head peeks toward rejack .
the greens battle flames shoot harmlessly by as the beast , screaming in agony , folds his lower wings and clamps them against his sides .
helplessly , rejack watches , sending a prayer to the lady that the green will survive .
the vibrant green of falcops scales shines in mute testimony to his returning health .
luckily , six of those without capability for the amber crystal have proven to have affinity with the green .
a red and two greens , today .
astra is talking to a squat fairy dressed entirely in shades of green , a single wing fluttering anxiously , the other a black remnant stub .
it glowed in the light making the stone a beautiful green .
she wore a gown of green that matched her eyes , her hair bound into an elaborate crown .
except for the soughing of the sea and the green of the clump of trees , there was nothing .
the house and porch railings had been painted a sunny yellow , while the porchs cement floor , the steps , and the door were a forest green .
and soon they were there , sailing on a vast waterway , the outlines of wind - blasted ruins far in the distance , the fields along its edge an improbable green framed by the bright , barren sands behind .
the food at mike 's was simple and goodburgers , fries , and onion rings , with a killer green salad for leading ladies constantly on diets .
jules and maddy both looked at my vegetables suspiciously , but i was truly pleased by the bright green of the pea pods , the soft yellow of the baby corn .
it was a deep hunter green , a color so rich that i expected it to smell like pine every time i brushed my fingers against its softness .
from all sides except that toward the river , the jungle crept in , masking fallen columns and crumbling mounds with poisonous green .
the dress was a deep green that accentuated her eyes and the fabric hung loosely on her shapely figure .
the dais was adorned with brightly hued fabrics in reds , blues , greens and yellows , crafted by the finest artisans of wothlondia .
the green of the pine trees appeared even more vivid with the glisten of the spent rain .
her freckled face was round and her eyes a warm green .
marthir and kervin were silent as they looked once more up the hill to the green of the forest .
his eyes were a warm deep green yet there was a hard edge to them , every bit as keen as his knife .
snatching his hand back he saw the dripping green of a goblin brain on a wooden board .
the mist swirled and turned an emerald green .
not knowing where the stories came from , but tickled with the idea of continuing the myth , leprechauns would often choose to wear the greens when dealing with strangers .
there are greens and blues that do nt exist in the underworld .
its mottled skin was varying shades of dark olive green and black .
he pulled off the dull green and said , nice ring .
at the same instance he d glanced at the waxy leaves of the plant before him , catching a glimpse of a faint glow emanating from behind , first red , then a blue , followed by a green .
the tunnel packed with network after network of the same silken webbings , even as massive dark creatures three times his size skittered about , their abdomens intermittingly glowing , red , blues , and greens .
suddenly he noticed small flashes of light all across the ridge , as tiny harmless fireflies soared everywhere in the darkness , glowing reds , greens , and blues .
unexpectedly a mental picture of the tower just after a lightning strike went off in hadges head , as the strange fiber optic cords that meshed around the tower were aglow to lovely shades of blue , reds , greens , and yellows .
his pinions were of iridescent hues like peacock feathers , mostly greens and blues , complete with markings like a peacock 's ` ` eyes '' -- a fact which , later , may have given rise ( when oft retold and bloated into myth ) to argus eyes a cherub 's dotted with .
the fisherman ( concluded ) our tribesman noticed , through the murky green the outline of a structure could be seen , in rather poor condition , it appeared .
at 1:06 p.m./ecat riders must line up in their slicing suits , which may be red , purple , or medium green , with their numbered wpec skull caps worn over freshly shaven heads .
his trousers were a darker shade of green that tucked into dark brown , polished leather boots .
shed created a silk in shimmering dark green that glinted wherever the light hit it .
the others were all dressed in browns and greens that would blend in to the woods easily , camouflage made all the more effective by the dirt and filth that caked them .
but the only armed men they passed on the road wore the gold and green of house arkhail , and were thus the dukes men .
there was no time for alterations , but the tailor was able to rent him a vest and jacket and trousers in matching greens that fit well enough .
he returned a moment later with not one but four men , clad in the deep blue and sea green of house bahodir .
they watched me , eyes of the brightest green , the deepest blue , the darkest black .
there were blues and greens as well .
her pupils dilated , overtaking the green of her irises until only black orbs were visible .
they were perfectly manicured and painted with a forest green to match her dress .
the little light flicked green and i heard another lock unlock itself .
it flashed black , then back to green .
a limping stevenson threw himself into it , but the green only rippled at his effort .
his eyes were gold , no flecks of green to be seen .
the offer from the blue coven was really little better than the one from the green .
there was a general hiss of irritation from some of the other covens , notably the greens .
why did you choose the greens ? ''
all heads turned to see the three women advancing , the green of their accessories revealed in the torchlight .
the fields spread out on either side of the small brook were a deep green .
somehow , this morning , as he looked out over the endless green of the expanse before him , his mind was made to travel back to a very crucial day of his early life .
she looked at peace , and she sank back , laying flat on the ground , embraced by the patch of green in the midst of all the snow .
chapter two sienna nealon my heart thudded in my ears as i ran , the green of the woods surrounding me .
they probably were nt visible to the naked human eye , but a meta would see them if they paid close attention , their black standing out against the green of the woods like tar smudged onto a painting of a summer field .
the rich , vibrant hues of green that usually colored her yard had been paled , faded to a sickly silver - gray shade .
underneath the tree a man was sitting , clad head to toe in green and who was casually stringing an enormous longbow .
robin shouted , as the eel surged into view , a foaming green wake trailing .
the landscape changed from the rolling green of the downs to dense scrub , before the scrub started to become fairly sparse .
he examined an individual plant carefully : its stem and leaves were a healthy green , and its ear was a perfect yellow , with no trace of red to be seen .
even in the poor evening light , the immense , ornately carved caravan appeared to be aglow with colour , despite the moons best attempts to subdue its bright reds , yellows and greens .
he could perfectly capture the myriad of greens you could find in a blade of glass , the yellows of every minute scale on a butterflys wings , the reds of a fiery sunset , the blues of an inquisitive babys iris .
still others took on the redness of her lips , the greens and blues of her eyes , the gold of her hair .
the reds of robin breasts , the greens of butterfly wings , the blues of warm seas , the silver of flashing swords , the golds of endless wheat fields , and a glorious magenta that swirled and eddied as if drawn from the midst of the cosmos itself .
carey looked up towards the windows , taking in the incredible beauty of the stained glass images , the bright yet surprisingly dark reds , greens , blues and yellows , the sparkling , misty silver .
the colours were as bright as enamels too ; gloriously rich reds , blues and greens .
when night was settled , snuffling emphatically into his feed , father jared dusted the dirt from the forest green of his priestly robes and went in search of food himself .
the scarf made the green in her mixed eyes , which she sometimes felt were a bit muddy , stand out bright and clear .
her lips were nearly colorless , gleason noticed , but her eyes were a bright sea green , and they had just turned suspicious .
the green that you see is the forests of lasticall .
my eyes were bright green before i reached ebullience , and now they are rimmed in a circle of darkest green .
my eyes were angry slants with flashes of green by the time i looked at evan .
you re eyes are the same green though , well , aside from the crazy glow you have going on .
withdrawing chalk from her pocket , she drew on the wall next to the car two interlocking rings , one red , the other green .
in other words , if you start with these , indicating the red rings , and end up with these , indicating the green , then where did they come from ?
the rings were replaced with a periodic table , iron colored red , magnesium colored green .
the paintball missed his left shoulder by a tiny margin , exploding in a splatter of green against the wall .
a possible sighting of a green , but that s under suspicion .
so we have yellows , reds , blues and a possible green .
multiply the big pyramid by sixreds , blues , greens , yellows , oranges and lets not forget the late comers , the violetsand that s just not fair to the poor guy in the middle .
their eyes locked , and in the clear green and brown of hers he read resolve : a resolve to be intimidated no longer by treygon , the simathe , or even himself .
several headlights glared behind him , waiting impatiently for the green .
the cupboards were watermelon pink and the counter tops of mint green .
there were several stacks of clothes- pants , mostly some sort of brown , shirts of various shades of brown and green with some white ones thrown in , and cloaks , also mostly browns and greens , all better for hiding in the forest that seemed to surround the area .
the pants were the same basic brown and the shirt the same basic green that many other people wore .
her eyes were an emerald green and they sparkled as if they were gems .
she wore a dress of browns and greens made of hemp softer than silk .
there was a walled garden adjacent to the donjon which keira supposed was a kitchen garden , while beyond that was a pleasure garden , bright hues competing with the greens of the trees and lawn .
the lush green of the fields spread out before him , ripe with the summer season , healthy and bountiful .
already , the barren trees were sprouting little bits of green , and soon , their surroundings would be covered in a riot of spring colors that they would miss .
then , attached to the torso , the decaying body of a once beautiful elk , its hair swirling with greens and browns of the earth , broke the surface and began to advance towards them .
between the green , button down shirt , blue jeans , and short haircut , it was step better than the muddy t - shirt , he d shown up in for their last date .
almost all were built of fired bricks and painted in pastel colours , pale blues and yellows and greens , bright in the sunshine .
but helen had floored it with an expensive wool carpet from egypt , to judge by the style , and hung linen draperies on the walls in streams of colours ; soft yellows and greens , lilac , a splash of blue near the window .
pillared houses of worship stood atop broad marble steps , roofed with coloured tiles all mixed together , brilliant reds and greens alongside sunrise yellows .
turning , she caught a glimpse of a pale - skinned woman staring directly at her : one eye , milky and dead , the other a piercing green .
with a flash of green , he was gone .
there was a clink , and lodden lunged forward to catch the flash of green as it dropped towards them .
they said he was green , but i never imagined he would be such a bright green .
i was dressed in a simple , but beautiful gown of green , with golden spirals decorating the hem .
i was wearing a replica of the dress she was wearing when she had defeated arachne , except the color was forest green , which , according to tarsi , looked ' infinitely more beautiful with your eyes ' .
she was dressed in silks of green and gold , with long black hair hanging down over her shoulders .
its green eyes glowed and in a cloud of black smoke , a man appeared , cloaked in dark green .
a flash of green caught my eye from his wrist , and although i was intrigued by it , i did not have the time to dwell on it .
the leaves were thin and a glossy green , and the petals were thick , long and .
then i was partnered with someone new he smelled of ginger and greens , and danced like the wind .
it contrasted the green of arduin .
if the green of arduin symbolized life ( it did nt really , because he had almost died ) , then the faded yellow surrounding lephretes symbolized half way between life and death , and the black of the barren lands symbolized death .
the moment the others noticed the green , they pushed even harder .
he also noticed that the grass seemed to be a much darker shade of green here , as if it were also cleaner , more alive .
nob placed the lantern on the ground , and as the light filtered out into the vast cavern the walls seemed to become alive , providing a mesmerising display of magnificent greens and golds .
her eyes were a brilliant green , and the light from the morning sun shone on her face .
not the wildlife type green , but the stepford wifes kind of green .
back in latvia , surrounded by the flourish green of liepja , with the cool wind bellowing from the direction of the sea ; surrounded by my family , my mother , uncle , aunt , hell even aunt gwen ; ridiculously jostling around with my siblings and watching with overwhelming joy how enthusiastically , how much with alacrity they welcome neal as if he is one of our own .
next to it , two other blades lay withered and bent , their vivid green turned to uncolour the colour of a cellars extremity by gallans fleeting , fearful touch .
the eye was indeed globular , though this was nt apparent from the concavity of its walls whose size and distance was immense , like a circular horizon of impenetrable blackness but from the lids , two vast , sky - high plates which drew apart slowly and unpredictably , making the mad sphere tremble to its foundations and admitting , for as long as they remained parted , a frantically flickering view of other firmaments : endless stretches of black space studded with brilliant stars , bright blue skies across which fat white clouds chased one another , suns of searing violet setting above worlds of luscious green .
the grass grew from small thickets to a vast expanse of long - stemmed wheat , a sea of yellow - green that swallowed the land .
they passed beneath the great archway and it felt like straying into a distant memory , for the green of old had turned to greyshrubs of rock , trees of stone , and a perpetual granite flatland , all still and lifeless .
her hair was tied back in a ponytail , and some was spiked like blades of grass ; at different angles it appeared like a deep auburn or a dark green .
little lines of green and purple swirled .
she silently spoke the warning several times then the green disappeared .
the black sparked with a dim glow of green slowly brightening until the green matched the glare of the sun , then haw shot fully materialized .
in a haze of green , he hobbled through the brush to a cleft of lava dividing his land .
the sky was brilliant with sunset , golds , and oranges , and reds , and blues , and greens .
the furniture was modern ; a mixture of greens and blues that worked well to make the space seem inviting .
eva , its ok . gold is the new green , right ?
he grabbed kotas arm again and pulled him around the circle of stores , pointing out the patch of green at the foot of the tower and the squirrel in the tree who hissed at kota .
kota gestured toward the base of the tower , where flowers and bushes dotted the circle of green around it .
it was a shade of dark green , and the sign was a simple chalkboard .
his scales were a shiny mixture of blues and greens .
i prefer greens and blues .
he pulled out his old clothes , choosing dark rich browns and greens the color of pine needles .
he could just barely make out the rolling green that formed the hilltops , leading to where the halflings lived in hobton .
he was amazed to see greens and yellows mixing with reds and blues .
the leaves , which had been hanging on by a thread , sprang to life and glowed a hearty green .
rich silk tapestries covered the walls in dark blues and greens .
the man 's chitin was a deep rich forest green with small yellow spots , circular in shape .
her soft green skin darkened to a forest green before she strode up to the male .
tormac turned a deep dark green , his face contorted in rage .
pixies came , carrying wildflower vines , which they weaved through the long hair like leaves , adding multiple colors to the green .
the round jewel in its centre briefly glowed before returning to a cloudy green .
watawashinda kebakaranfor alegria and the whirling lights dove simultaneously into the embedded sword blades and made them glow an emerald green .
they were probably the last of their kind in the city , and oddly not of the regal green , but the brightest colours from ffremettrn cloth , the empire in the north .
the soils are of glittered sands , while the grasses and mosses held of lustrous harlequin and paris greens .
the lush grasses beneath their feet were incandescent of the most lustrous glowing greens , while the soils were of glittered sands .
the entire space was surrounded by the most lustrous of deep green .
she bought herbs from the wise - woman herbalist and made me suck on them , though they were bitter and made my tongue green .
the family of the boy offered many ears of dried maize , five turkeys , and a yellow - green feathered belt , along with endless prayers , to ah - kawil , and because of this , and perhaps because the boys lineage - father is strong in the keeping of the holy days , the soul of the boy entered into the garden of the gods and did not become a wretched slave to ah - puchs servants .
all those pods were an old , musky - scented green .
the jungle was very green , my eyes filled with river - tree green , and bones , and ash .
her eyes were the palest green i had ever seen .
that hath been cool 'd a long age in the deep - delved earth , tasting of flora and the country green , dance , and provenal song , and sunburnt mirth !
` ` or an easter egg exploded , '' leah remarked , looking at the pastel purples , greens , and blues that dominated the color scheme .
the brown of the bark and the green of the leaves were the wrong color .
i decided what the hey a few extra greens in the wallet never hurt a body .
he turned a page and turned the book around so celestino could see the brilliantly painted artwork depicting gold leaf flames amid bright greens , blues , and reds .
nyasha heard the trickling of water , then saw the green .
apart from these small attractions , it is like any other park in the country , sections of green with a network of cobblestoned pathways along with an interspersion of various trees .
dagans own hands were out and ready , two threads of green wrapped around his palms , ready to lay .
some ages liked tea with milk , others with honey , but they never changed the flavor of a good cinibarian black or a desuldane green .
robyn leaned on the stone railing of the back patio , looking over the sweeping hills of trees painted in greens with splashes of orange that welcomed autumn .
it was a mixture of yellows and greens , except for a single black stripe that ran from the tip of its snout over its head and down its armour - plated spine .
how can you tell its the same bareness and the same green ?
it can be gray too but its nicer green .
the leaves on the cemetery trees slowly lose their green .
another soldier dressed in identical greens joined him .
her clothes were white , if ochre now , her flesh pale , her hair a deep brown and her eyes a brilliant green .
his eyes were two different colors , one pale green , and the other milky gray .
in the vast darkness of outer space with various planets and elements showing forth colors of vibrant blues , indigos , greens , magentas and yellows scattered among an endless blanket of brightly glowing white stars , a large beautiful and green endless grape vine floated in space , flowing and glowing in a radiance of white light that grew and grew while appearing closer in view .
other decorative items had additional pastel colors of light greens and yellows .
all around him the once snow covered terrain looked more like a withered blanket littered with holes , allowing the green of grass to stick out against the white , where up until a week ago had covered everything in sight .
the tone of the colour was the same as ulnath hair , but his skin did nt become a pale green .
his coat was the length of his entire body , once a light green that now appeared quite gray , decorated by several dozen basic buttons .
while many of their brethren became twisted and disfigured , the ulnath clung to the old ways and so with the exception of their skin turning a pale green , they maintained most of their original appearance .
aneeku could see the dark green of his eyes , widened by adrenaline , and that look made aneeku almost drool .
in his yellow eyes the red cast shadows , darkening kaes face , replacing the green of his eyes with the burning red like those of a being he never wanted to see again .
for a moment she looked at him and he was shocked to see that she no longer had fangs and while her eyes were still glowing they were nt yellow but a fierce green .
but as the green began to clear like a morning mist edo volis was greatly bothered by what he saw .
the crystal was bright green , now its a dull green .
the dusty greens of the drying grass fields , the earthy browns of watery pools of mud , and the radiant blue of the sky above .
the forest hid his passing beneath a blanket of shadow - cast green .
its velvety skin was such a pale green , it almost glowed white .
they looked muscular but on closer inspection , kahira realized the muscles were vines of dark green .
mom turned to me , her bruised face lit by the green of the soft dashboard lights .
the trees shimmered like silver , and their leaves then changed from summer green to autumn orange and back again .
the road rose up a slight incline as we passed quiet houses painted thick with reds and browns and greens .
they float around the cemetery , the forests , or the pine swamp at the towns extreme northern edge , floating silently and seemingly without purpose , dim blue - green like light through dirty ice .
a scent of green , of cut grass and new leaves .
following the scent of green , he ran on as a wolf .
her scent of green .
hot pink , leaf green , silver .
voldon be wearing the orange shirt , and kram , he be in the green .
he especially loved the pale green of the new leaves on the trees , and the pleasant soft rain that fell to water the early flowers .
these were large and comfortable looking , and were largely in red , deep greens , blues , and gold .
by now , many of them were looking a very pretty shade of pale green as they burst into leaf .
a choir of elves , all dressed in green , entered the grove from the west , singing .
but instead , the boy thought , i shall dance , here in the green by the light of the blue flame , and in his heart he knew that somewhere in the palace a tiny dancer in silver shoes was doing just the same .
the eyes she had saw , but rarer light , distant , mysterious , sublime , and seeing all this , could see nothing of greens and fireflies , of tongues of flame and frenzied hips .
terramus the dragon god of earth , loved what summer did to his greens .
gold and silver against green and bronze .
what they saw was an ocean of men in green and bronze , marching .
there were at least twenty of these behemoths marching alongside the green with spikes attached to their horns .
he wore a helmet with horns of a hercules beetle , clad in green and bronze .
the vermillion fox retreated and swooped , vanishing into the greens of the forest .
most of the stores were painted of earth tone colors of brown , khaki green or left with the brick exposed .
the shops door was painted a dark green with a large window on the top half of the door .
beneath them , the grooves began to glow in an otherworldly bluish green .
axz : frustrates and consternates a puke green .
he looked intently into her familiar green , glowing eyes .
the silvery globe flashed green , and my name kayla edwins scrolled across it .
even on the second level , people wore earthy colours browns , beiges , greys , greens .
everyone wore a multitude of colours and not just drab neutral browns and greens and blues but bright , vivid colours like the yellow and blue of the girl that was dragging him onwards .
she looked around the dark , abandoned city , punctuated with the flickering green of fireflies .
the green of their skin will flash white when they 're angry and they 'll attack at the lightest insult .
the greens dove into the oceans .
as soon as her mind envisioned it , grass and rolling hills a shade of green which had no name appeared .
well , said lessie , blushing a deep green , there is this boy , that sort of i know i mean , from outside i mean , from outside he is !
her nose was broad at the nostrils and without a bridge ; her irises were a pure and brilliant green .
he saw the smooth , soft green of her shoulder emerge and emerge from the sleeve , followed by the flow and flow of her arm .
the seats were filled with reds , blues , purples , greens , yellows , reds , and other colors , making the plain white room transform into a rainbow .
bright red , oranges , greens , and blue squares were woven into a black fabric .
beneath the pipes was a long flame that burned a putrid green and stank .
rich blues , greens , golds , and reds lit up with the full - glow of the moon beyond .
there were bumblebees and dragonflies buzzing about , too , bursts of color against the luscious green of the lawn .
there s a dead tree just beyond the walls , said sayjin pointing a brown lump amongst the green , if i can hit that , then this whole thingll start burning .
the dancing laughter in their sparkling shades of green was the greatest high he 'd ever felt .
you can speak elma says , steps with feeling dizzy , and then takes her glances from the sky that is knitted with the greens , and throws a look at the ground , sees a woman in her sixties on a bench .
no , the color of linen is the same green , and the same tent .
i sat at my desk with sunlight pressing warm against my back ; a rainbow from doyle 's diamond sat on my clasped hands , bringing out the green in my fingernail polish .
` ` the green of your jacket brings out the green and gold in your eyes .
his skin was a flawless white with a shade of green to it like the gleaming underside of a seashell .
i caressed his body with just my gaze , memorizing the way the color of his skin went from white to a pale spring green , the darkness of his nipples , tight against his chest .
these eyes were the green of emeralds , the green of summer leaves , the green of deep , still water in a shaded pool . ''
these eyes were the green of emeralds , the green of summer leaves , the green of deep , still water in a shaded pool . ''
these eyes were the green of emeralds , the green of summer leaves , the green of deep , still water in a shaded pool . ''
it was as if the huge iris of his eye was a flower with many , many petals , each one green , but different shades of green , some edged with white , some with black .
it was as if the huge iris of his eye was a flower with many , many petals , each one green , but different shades of green , some edged with white , some with black .
his skin was white , but the sweater brought out the undercast of pale , pale green so that his skin was either pearl white or a dreamlike green depending on how the light hit it .
the only thing that remained of the court was the knee - high boots of soft , soft hide , dyed a deep forest green .
there was no pupil , only a blind expanse of perfect grass green surrounded by a little white .
the dog 's fur ran in streamers of green , chasing the black away , and the fur growing a little longer , a little shaggier .
she held out a silken cloth in a brilliant green with gold designs .
the jacket brought out the green in two out of the three circles of color in my iris .
ivi 's face was a little thin for my tastes , and i knew his shoulders were n't wide enough for me , but the pale green of his hair was decorated with vines and ivy leaves , as if someone had painted his namesake on his hair .
his eyes were the startling green of emeralds .
i guess if you have n't been raised around people with multicolored eyes , the vibrant green of his eyes was worth a stare or two .
the bright green of his eyes still held that flash of humor that had covered his surprise .
the earth was simply studded with that first blush of green .
his lanyard , sporting one white bead , one blue , and one green bounced against his skinny chest .
though the cut of his clothing was a bit more stylish , and the fabrics more fine , he still wore the sober greens and browns of the free steadholder he had been , rather than the brighter colors proclaiming his bloodlines and allegiance .
she wore the single , deep color of the ruling house of placida , a rich , deep emerald green whose dye was derived from a plant found only in the high reaches of the mountains near placida .
in only a moment , a tall woman with severe , distant features approached , wearing simple , elegant jewelry and a rich gown of a deep , compelling green , the majordomo at her elbow .
its outside was enameled a chipped green .
a doctor in sweaty scrub greens emerged .
he 'd have seas of blues , and the living hues of forest green and fen ; and he yearned for the mirth of the populous earth and the sanguine blood of men .
the green of the ocean , the flutter of sails , the tang of salt in the air vanished from lenk 's senses .
argaol 's face was the colour of a fading bruise when he looked up , a gloomy blend of pale fear and nauseous green .
she never condemned him , never judged him ; never did an emotion flicker in the endless green .
where her eyes were a vast , passionless green , he felt his brim with a scornful blue .
he did n't even bother to note the torches crackling an unnatural green and the hanging sacs ; there would be time enough to soil himself over those details later .
the torches , while still burning an unnatural green , did so with as little malice as an unnaturally green fire could manage .
it moved quickly , tearing so swiftly across the green and through the stream that he did not even lay eyes upon it until it was upon him .
she turned a glower on him , her eyes seeming to glow with a malevolent green .
the blood crystallised in blackish smears , the healthy green of his skin turned quickly to a light blue .
kataria stared as their colours , the myriad greens and blues and reds and yellows , vanished under a coat of black as the fire licked at their bodies , made their bellies swell and glisten with escaping moisture .
everything to the man 's right , all the browns and greens and soft earth was eaten alive in a roar of flame .
the green of their skin , the yellow of their eyes , all color was swallowed whole by the hellish red light that permeated the very stone .
the ceiling lights in the limo changed color from violet to blue , then to green and to yellow .
it seemed to shadow that the boy 's eyes were glinting too , the green of an antique computer monitor .
wednesday had drawn all over the maps in bright marking pens , fluorescent greens and painful pinks and vivid oranges .
the bonfire - and shadow realized with a strange horror that it truly was a bone - fire : rib cages and fire - eyed skulls stared and stuck and jutted from the flames , sputtering trace - element colors into the night , greens and yellows and blues - was flaring and crackling and burning hotly .
he perceived the pain in colors : the red of a neon bar sign , the green of a traffic light on a wet night , the blue of an empty video screen .
she looked at him with eyes the green of ripening corn .
it was a dirty green in color ; the sort of car that people abandon in parking lots .
no longer bound to earth , he opened his eyes to the peaceful setting of green - leafed trees surrounding her quiet meadow .
he was glad enough to have the chinese garment when , returning to his new quarters on shore , dyer and roland told him there was no proper coat to be had in town for any money whatsoever : not very surprising , as respectable gentlemen did not choose to look like aviators , and the dark green of their broadcloth was not a popular color in the western enclave .
fortunately , having gorged himself on the two dead horses , temeraire was able now without pain to leave the remaining camels unmolested for a couple of days : and at evening on the third he took laurence aloft , and in the distance they saw the narrow ribbon of the keriya river shining silver - white in the sunset , interrupting the desert and garlanded with a swath of thick and verdant green .
` ` they keep the lawn green , but it 's so strange not to feel the moisture in the air . ''
the coppery color began to shift , darkening into a bluish green .
through the open window i can smell the green .
his figure blurred as well , but where aliyah became dull brown sand , jonathan exploded into brilliant green , bright as his eyes as thousands upon thousands of neon wasps flew across the room to swarm atop the coverlet , a half minute later forming into jonathan , naked but complete , his head propped on one hand , the other hand ... well , maybe not quite complete .
this particular valley had remarkably steep walls , and the lattice of tiny streams that ran through it provided enough water to ensure a growth of luxuriant grass - which had not yet flushed into the lush , verdant sea of green it would become within a few more weeks .
kitai , who had been facing away from tavi , peeking at the enemy vessel and the leviathans in turn , suddenly turned around , and isana was startled by her expression - a grin that matched tavi 's as perfectly as the green of her eyes .
tavi 's weapons erupted in scarlet and azure sparks , while flashes of brilliant , bilious green showered from navaris 's blades .
the djinn who did was drawn in shades of power , lines of tragedy , but there were ice - cool blues and greens shimmering around his aura .
colored lights played over the dance floor , turning it into a multicolored fairyland of blues and acid greens , hot pinks and golds .
torches were set along the steps at intervals , flaring hot green and icy blue .
her cheekbones looked sharp and angular , her eyes deep - set , mysterious , and a luminous green .
it was a standard city trash bin , painted dark green , splotched with strange stains .
he folded the paper he 'd been writing on into a neat square and tossed it into the fire , which flared up a bright acidic green before subsiding .
it appeared to be a crumbling stucco building painted an unlikely shade of green .
they 'd hauled off the bed frame and headboard , and left the mattress on top of the box springs on the floor , but they had n't taken an exquisitely carved armoire , just because it had been painted a hideous green and dinged up a bit .
the mountains were beautiful , dark green and pointed like weapons against the darkening sky .
they are small , no more than four feet high , and have skin that varies in tone from pale to brown , with shadings of green in between .
as he ran off after his public defender , he buried the green in his pockets and double - checked on his guns , the silencers and his plastic bag piggy bank .
edward brushed off the blades of green that stuck to his leather coat like tinsel .
not that maila looked to advantage beside him , unless one was more fond of a flashy and vulgar coloration , ostentatious purples and greens rather than sleek and elegant black .
he sat back on his haunches , the golden hoops ringing against the stone floor as he swept his wings down and onto his back in an elaborate movement : the emeralds caught the shafts of sunlight piercing the great room and flared brilliant green for a moment .
` ` let us get the meeting over with ; and i hope to god she thinks better of it , '' he said , and two days later at morning their party was assembled in the cusipata courtyard : the twenty aviators all in their fresh coats of green and their white trousers scrubbed and lemon - bleached and mended ; hammond in his handsome brown coat which did not show the stains of travel , and his sash of ambassadorship ; mrs . pemberton in her black dress ; and granby undeniably splendid in the red cloak .
he had a good memory for things like that ; the flashing red light was replaced by a steady green .
the convention floor was a sea of hartmann green and gold , surrounding a few stubborn islands of jackson red , dukakis blue , and barnett white .
he created it to protect himself from his own kind , making it out of chrysoprase and sealing it with the blood of himself , which was the more powerful of the two elements so it made the green in the chrysoprase turn a dark red . ''
two visitor chairs , big and leather in a manly dark green .
this room came equipped with a relatively comfortable sofa in dull green , a television set silently playing cnn , a water cooler , and reinforced safety glass windows and doors .
the carpet of the bus was this dirty green that matched the velour of the couch cushions .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' i said , my eyes breaking away from that dusky green .
his face was close to mine and i could see the anguish in his clear eyes , the green turned silver by the moon .
his black hair was longer now , his curls looser and more disheveled , falling into his eyes which were the dreamy grey - green that i remembered , the color of olive leaves .
i whispered to jacob , though his suit today was composed of forest green and yellow and was attracting a few stares itself .
his pants were still black , but his shirt was a vibrant green that brought out the color in his eyes .
her eyes had no pupils and were a luminous green .
the cold waters of the circle sea roared up at him and sucked him down into their green , suffocating embrace .
not the pale green of ordinary eyes , either these were the green of fresh emeralds and as iridescent as a dragonfly .
not the pale green of ordinary eyes , either these were the green of fresh emeralds and as iridescent as a dragonfly .
' your common howondaland green .
from a distance , it looked like a complicated white crystal growing out of the greens and browns of the swamp .
only away a few weeks and already there was a haze of green on the soil .
the walls were stone but had at some time been painted in that very special institutional green that you get when an almost - finished cup of coffee is left standing for a couple of weeks .
and the green was made of water .
there was still snow , but with the occasional patch of bare soil and a hint of green .
the cart gleamed with white paint , picked out here and there with a fresh green .
and the rat who 'd mentioned the feet said , ' oh , the squishy green wobbly bit ?
rat - catcher 2 had gone a pale green .
' dark green , ' said the woman .
elsewhere , vetinari preferred dark green , or shades of dark grey .
and they were in every color sweets can be , such as not - really - raspberry red , fake - lemon yellow , curiously - chemical orange , some - kind - of - acidy green , and who - knows - what blue .
you do n't see its history , feel the pumping of the sap , hear every insect in the bark , sense the chemistry of the leaves , notice the hundred shades of green , the tiny movements to follow the sun , the subtle growth of the wood ... ' but you do n't understand us , ' said tiffany .
in a band all along the top of the frontage , staining the stone in greens and browns , some words had been set in letters of bronze . '
the green seemed to reflect off the snow around it .
after searching for a while , she found a mirror , which was nothing more than a wall of ice of such a dark green that it was almost black .
for example , the scum on the river ankh , that great wide slow waterway that served the double city as reservoir , sewer and frequent morgue , had turned a particularly iridescent green .
19 , corpse green , my father swears it 's the best .
they were n't spirals anymore , but just a glowing green as if he would be blind from the light .
galen stood a little straighter , the green of his eyes going from its usual rich green to something pale and edged with white .
galen stood a little straighter , the green of his eyes going from its usual rich green to something pale and edged with white .
penny settled onto his shoulder in her little robe , one hand in the deep green of his curls .
` ` cai the green , hew the black , adain the yellow . ''
a deep , dark forest green , the dress molded to her every curve , hugging tight across her large br**sts .
forest green . ''
they stared at him , both of them looking beautiful in their gowns , annwyl 's a deep forest green and morfyd 's a bright and bold red .
this place with all its greens and heat .
keita watched as two sets of eyes - one a vibrant green , the other an endless black - peeked over their father 's shoulders .
the enemies are ogres , which means their skin is in varying shades of green and they 're not human .
i was jealous , and while i 'd heard the emotion associated with the color green , i felt and saw nothing but red .
a stream cascaded over round , brightly covered river rocks in front of us , and the endless blue of the sky above contrasted with the vibrant greens , grays and yellows of the countryside lying beneath it in such i way i felt i was caught up in a maxfield parrish painting .
it was something straight from the seventies - olive green , threadbare along the arms , and downright ugly , but it was joseph 's favorite piece of furniture in the entire house that was brimming with modern designs and comforts .
the great red - brown beast settled itself at the far side of the fire - pit , and closing its eyes down to slits went to sleep ; the other two took wing again : a mottled green , and a dark brown creature , both with pale grey underbellies gilded with a kind of iridescence , which quickly made them melt into the deepening sky above on their leap .
they flew on silently , above the verdant deserted green , temeraire 's shadow flowing and rippling over the spines and hollows of the dead .
when they got to the land of greens and gourds , it was a case of tomato , tomato , and a head of iceberg in a bag .
as a whole , her sleek alabaster form was a stark contrast to the greens and blues sammael had determined would showcase her to perfection .
possessed of awe - inspiring beauty , sammael had hair dark as ink , golden skin , eyes a brilliant green , and a mouth designed to lure the faithful to sin .
i could make out the individual branches of the fir trees , the glowing green of the ferns nestled at the bottom sparkling in golden rays of sunlight , the smooth shapes of the rocks that made up the shoreline .
it 's hard to see the new one that 's coming , under all the destruction , but the green always comes , jo .
there was the sound of an ocean wave crashing onto a rocky shore as the water leapt up and washed over the walls , over the green , sank into the minute cracks in the walls - and in that instant , tavi reached out for fire , for the little warmth that remained in the frigid water from far below , and yanked it clear of the water .
` ` nearly one million freemen have come to me wearing the green , '' she said .
blood , both red and dirty green , spattered the wall , which might have been a fallen log for all the attention the vord paid to it - but it did prevent them from employing their reach or their downward - stabbing scythes to the best effect .
kitai 's eyes flashed a brighter shade of green as something fierce kindled to life in them .
amara snapped her gaze up to see fire - spheres blossoming there in balls of grass green , arctic blue , and glacial purple .
she was bleeding from more wounds than tavi could count , and the water around her , instead of being crystalline , was stained the dark green of a living pond .
blue , red , vord green , and instants later , the deep purple of an amethyst .
zenaya said nothing , but her eyes flashed an eerie green when i talked about the dead djinn , and the manner of his death .
even the streetlights were picturesque - curving lines of metal painted a dull green and decorated with curlicues and leaves .
the big doe eyes - up close , they were a particularly interesting shade of moss green - took on a brighter shine .
where , as a living breathing girl , i 'd seen things in kirlian outlines of reds and greens and blues and golds , in djinn - sight the aetheric was deeper , richer , and more complex .
the world was so beautiful , edged in blues and greens , reds and golds , sparkling with power and life energy .
rotting greens .
there was a handsome flock of sheep grazing placidly on the far side of the valley , white against the green .
it was the deep resounding voice of a dragon , coming from above ; laurence turned and saw a golden - hued dragon with the reaper markings in pale green and the edges of his wings deep orange , perched on an outcropping to the right of the courtyard : he bore no rider and no harness , save , if it could be called so , a broad golden neck - ring studded with rounds of pale green jade stone .
then on both sides of the foremost of the two supporting dragons , the red flags went out , and then were swapped for the green .
laurence tried to keep his eyes fixed on the straps ; the ground below was the beautiful , fresh green of early spring , strangely calm and pastoral : they were low enough that he could see white dots of sheep .
from this place , we are invisible but have a clear view of the valley , which is teeming with summer life , greens to gather , roots to dig , fish iridescent in the sunlight .
after we 'd harvested those , we scrounged along inside the fence for probably a mile until we 'd filled the bucket with the dandelion greens , stems , and flowers .
all the colors seem artificial , the pinks too deep , the greens too bright , the yellows painful to the eyes , like the flat round disks of hard candy we can never afford to buy at the tiny sweet shop in district 12 .
for a while , we dig roots , we gather berries and greens , we devise a strategy in hushed voices .
our snares had done well enough and the woods were flush with greens , but this was really no more than our average friday - night haul .
i rip through a wall of green into a small clearing and the sound repeats directly above me .
their distant bodies looked like points of deep green against the blue arcing sky , strewn like dark stars against the daylight .
basically heading south and west , because that was away from the coming storm , which had turned the eastern sky a heavy gray green .
its overall rotation had been disrupted , and the lightning flickers were showing in golds and greens , sheets of positive and negative charges in scattered glitter .
nothing up ahead that i could see except a hill looming green and tan , more trees stretching out their arms over the road .
the eyes , of course , gave him away : a kind of phosphorescent green that caught daylight the way a cat 's eyes reflect at night .
marion , for one ; her powers glowed stronger and in a deep blue green .
the mist changed colors again , from gold to a pale green the color of spring leaves .
i reluctantly ruled out the neon yellows , greens , and reds .
the clouds had turned darker , edged with gray green ; the light looked different seen through them .
his eyes , a deep and startling shade of green , darted here and there .
mcgovern's - larger but still oddly delicate - were a dark shade of olive green , they glowed on the sidewalk , and ralph , who was standing on the far side of elizabeth street with his jaw hanging almost down to his breastbone , suddenly realized he could see little ribbands of colored smoke rising from them .
his aura - a sprightly and energetic green that made ralph think of saint patrick 's day decorations - went oddly with his subservient posture and sickly grin .
the green was ? ? ? ?
lois 's had been gray ; bill 's olive green .
the trees were no longer orange and yellow but the bright , unnatural green of lime gatorade .
two of them stopped to argue about something , and their auras , one green and the other a vibrant shade of burnt orange , intensified , drew in , and began to gleam with rising spirals of scarlet thread .
when that happened , they flashed a momentary dark green and changed direction .
he was somehow aware , without actually seeing it , that his aura had changed color and become - at least for a little while - the gold - flecked green of clotho and lachesis .
their damp hides shone moistly , the mossy green most pronounced in the smaller ones .
his eyes were a beautiful hazel green that contrasted sharply with his olive skin .
everything looked fresh , and the new green of spring was shimmering in the fields and on the tips of the trees ' fingers .
' here 's my goldberry clothed all in silver - green with flowers in her girdle !
' my fair lady , clad all in silver green !
for still there are so many things that i have never seen : in every wood in every spring there is a different green .
among them , nodding on slender stalks , were other flowers , white and palest green : they glimmered as a mist amid the rich hue of the grass .
then she lifted from her lap a great stone of a clear green , set in a silver brooch that was wrought in the likeness of an eagle with outspread wings ; and as she held it up the gem flashed like the sun shining through the leaves of spring .
following with his keen eyes the trail to the river , and then the river back towards the forest , aragorn saw a shadow on the distant green , a dark swift - moving blur .
the boles of the trees glowed with a soft green like young grass : early spring or a fleeting vision of it was about them .
their limbs were long , and their hands had many fingers ; their hair was stiff , and their beards grey - green as moss .
at night plumes of vapour steamed from the vents , lit from beneath with red light , or blue , or venomous green .
the only green was the scum of livid weed on the dark greasy surfaces of the sullen waters .
said frodo and sighed , as if out of a desert he had seen a mirage of cool green .
the townlands were rich , with wide tilth and many orchards , and homesteads there were with oast and garner , fold and byre , and many rills rippling through the green from the highlands down to anduin .
then he was filled with a red wrath and shouted aloud , and displaying his standard , black serpent upon scarlet , he came against the white horse and the green with great press of men ; and the drawing of the scimitars of the southrons was like a glitter of stars .
and so , beside the fire , alther mella changed his form into a large and comfortable - looking woman dressed in green .
soon the green of the grass began to show through , and the ground became heavy and wet .
but , as the dragon swooped down toward marcia , her dragon eyes flashing a brilliant green and her nostrils sending out great jets of orange fire , marcia could feel the heat of the flames and she knew that this was real .
he painted her a dark green like the depths of the river and gave her deep red sails like the late summer sunsets over the sea .
why would green be beautiful ?
faces the color of darkest night , whitest snow , the pale green of new leaves , the gold of summer sunshine , the brown of leaves trodden underfoot destined to be rich earth .
he was close enough now that i could see his eyes were the swimming green of the sky before a great storm breaks , destroying all in its path .
even then , they were that shade of tornado green .
my eyes glowed so brightly that i could see the colored shadows of the green and gold of my own eyes at the edges of my vision .
but these bumps were pastel colors - pink , lavender , mint green - not a skin tone that the goblins could boast .
he devoured all that he could lay hands on either of food or drink : and the taste of that first meal was ever after associated in his mind with the first unearthly strangeness ( never fully recaptured ) of the bright , still , sparkling , unintelligible landscape - with needling shapes of pale green , thousands of feet high , with sheets of dazzling blue sodawater , and acres of rose - red soapsuds .
what he did tell them fired the imagination of the hrossa : they all began making poems about the strange handra where the plants were hard like stone and the earth - weed green like rock and the waters cold and salt , and hmana , lived out on top , on the harandra .
then he was at a summit but almost before his glance had taken in a huge valley that yawned beneath him - shining green like glass and marbled with streaks of scummy white - he was rushing down into that valley at perhaps thirty miles an hour .
the milk - warm wind blowing over the golden sea , the blues and silvers and greens of the floating garden , the sky itself - all these had become , in one instant , merely the illuminated margin of a book whose text was the struggling little horror at his feet , and he himself , in that same instant , had passed into a state of emotion which he could neither control nor understand .
looking back on the adventure afterwards it seemed to him that he floated out of blackness into greyness and then into an inexplicable chaos of semi - transparent blues and greens and whites .
the green of his eyes stood out , grabbed her by the throat .
finally , ice turned back to her , his gaze a burning green .
sabelle searched yet another sumptuous bedroom , this one in muted greens and golds , trimmed in silk ribbons and large tassels , all of which had been ripped off and tossed to the floor .
possible , but if she was dead , bram 's signature would reflect his loss , and so far , hints of emma 's personality shone in earthy greens and browns inside the bold slashes of bram 's magical signature .
one was the mouth of a cave opening into the glaring green and blue of an island in the pacific , where all the telmarines would find themselves the moment they were through the door .
but a flash of green through her silver - white eyelashes told him that she was awake , and the faintest curve of her mouth betrayed her satisfaction .
it was a long , slow , heavy kiss , and when she finally drew her mouth from his , her eyes were huge , their green darkened to mere rings of emerald .
they were not clad as holders , but in the greens and browns , in the cloaks and leathers of woodsmen , even as she and her husband were .
several tendrils of red hair slipped from beneath the green of her hood and danced back and forth over her face in the chill northern wind .
the creature herself was - rather obviously - feminine in shape , though tavi could see nothing of her but an outline against the glowing green of the large hive behind her - and glowing green eyes that matched it .
near the fallen pillar was a fallen statue , so overgrown that all that could be glimpsed above the green was a smooth white stone face looking up at the thunderheads with which the painter had enthusiastically filled the sky .
at first the callus held , but as he continued to think about the bank card , as its green began to deepen in his mind until it had become the near - black of a fir - tree seen at dusk ( a color quite unlike the card 's actual lime color ) , it gave way and blood began to flow down his hand and over his lips .
it was densely dressed in long , narrow leaves of polished green , and its branches hung heavy with a perfect bounty of reddish - purple fruit .
it and the little packet of seeds it held glowed a dull , witchy green .
she supposed they would look black against the green , like the shapes which occasionally seemed to twist deep in the stone .
her fur was orange rather than red , but something about that shade - its violent contrast to the lazy green around it - made rosie shiver again .
my eyes are tricolored , two shades of green and a circle of gold .
i smiled up at him , putting the shine into my tricolored eyes , two shades of green and a circle of gold .
but a second glance and you saw the eyes , too large for the face , oblong like kitto 's , and a solid color that gave no white to the eye , only a dark round of pupil lost in a sea of green for one , and red for the other .
the one with the green had a much more neutral look to him , as if he was still deciding whether to hate us .
the pale yellow ring around the pool of sparkling blue - green , the thin gleaming line of blue and reddish violet arching over all that color .
antique gold - and - emerald earrings picked up the green .
i 'd thought the emerald - green shirt brought out the green of my eyes , and the fit , along with the scoop neck , showed off my breasts .
his skin was a pale green , but it was n't a white - green like galen 's , where you were not sure whether it was white or green .
his skin was a pale green , but it was n't a white - green like galen 's , where you were not sure whether it was white or green .
the rest of him , from broad shoulders to feet , was covered in a cloak the color of pine needles , a rich deep green , that was held closed over his shoulder by a silver brooch .
` ` hours , '' ivi said , and swirled the edge of his own pale green cloak out like a skirt at a dance .
his eyes gleamed out of a narrow , high - cheekboned face , eyes the color of dark green leaves , with an inner star of paler green like some sort of starred jewel .
his eyes were as changeable as the weather , and this swimming green was a sign of high anxiety .
now months later the walls were lost in the deep green of leaves and fresh canes .
ash had dressed in a green that matched his eyes and looked good with his blond hair and golden skin .
the tank top i selected was olive green , the same color as my moleskin coat , with thin straps meant to rest slightly off the shoulder .
the only light was the green of the flames from the mare 's hooves .
he raised his free hand and there again was a tendril of green like a living ring on his finger .
his eyes had gone the green of a sky before a serious storm hits .
the dress looked very 1800s , and was a deep , almost blackish green , which brought out the green in her eyes .
the dress looked very 1800s , and was a deep , almost blackish green , which brought out the green in her eyes .
the dull colors seemed to bring out the green under tone of his pale skin .
it was too dark to see that ash 's eyes were a solid green like the leaf of the tree he was named after , and holly 's eyes were the scarlet of winter berries .
he rolled his eyes upward , and they were huge and almond shaped , the green turned to darkness by the moonlight .
reds , purples , greens , oranges , coppers , crimson shot across the sky like passionate electricity .
his face , like well - carved stone , tightened , his narrow eyes glowing a furious green .
he was led down to the cloakroom , made to fling on a coat and hat ( neither were his own ) and thence out under the stars , bitter cold and two o'clock in the morning , sirius bitter green , a few flakes of dry snow beginning to fall .
a blue powdering of forget - me - nots and fine , fat yellow primroses punctuated the green of the slope as the two children walked up the hill toward the frobishers ' little mausoleum .
a magpie flew up as she walked in , a flash of black and white and iridescent green , and settled in the branches of a yew tree , watching her .
all the sunlight fell on her from that side , and the water on that side was full of greens and purples .
it was all greens and vermilions with purple blotches - except where shell fish clung to it - and shaped rather like a horse 's , though without ears .
the brightness of the ship herself astonished them : they had half expected to find that the darkness would cling to the white and the green and the gold in the form of some grime or scum .
vivid green paint swept across her eyelids and her plump lips were stained crimson.do n't ask me how , but i knew that the stain was from henna and the green was malachite.she wore a short white shift and delicate leather sandals on her feet , the thin straps interwoven with golden strands and wrapping around her slender calves until they tied neatly behind her knees .
there often would dairon sit upon a tussock or a tree - root and make music while tinuviel danced thereto , and when she danced to the playing of dairon more lissom was she than gwendeling , more magical than tinfang warble neath the moon , nor may any see such lilting save be it only in the rose gardens of valinor where nessa dances on the lawns of never - fading green .
beneath his mail fell the skirts of his kirtle of shimmer - ing greens , and of what substance these were woven is not known , but whoso looked into the depths of their subtle colours seemed to behold the faint movements of deep waters shot with the stealthy lights of phosphorescent fish that live in the abyss .
but beren searched all the lands of hithlum and of artanor ranging after her ; and never has any of the elves had more loneliness than his , or ever he too faded from life , and dior his son was left ruler of the brown elves and the green , and lord of the nauglafring .
yet in the end were the sons of feanor masters of the field of slain , and the brown elves and the green were scattered over all the lands unhappy , for they would not hearken to maidros the maimed , nor to curufin and damrod who had slain their lord ; and it is said that even on the day of that battle of the elves melko sought against gondolin , and the fortunes of the elves came to their uttermost waning .
now was naught left of the seed of beren ermabwed son of egnor save elwing the lovely , and she wandered in the woods , and of the brown elves and the green a few gathered to her , and they departed for ever from the glades of hithlum and got them to the south towards sirion 's deep waters , and the pleasant lands .
turning now to the elves , beren is here of course still an elf ( see p. 139 ) , and in his second span of life he is the ruler , in hithlum -- hisilome , of an elvish people so numerous that ' not even beren knew the tale of those myriad folk ' ( p. 234 ) ; they are called ' the green elves ' and ' the brown elves and the green ' , for they were ' clad in green and brown ' , and dior ruled them in hithlum after the final departure of beren and tinuviel .
passed winter - quiet gardens , spreads of soaked green .
the cheekbones , the jaw , even the bold green of his eyes - and the glint in them .
the same rich green covered the walls and served as a backdrop for colorful prints of the hills , of the woods and gardens .
insult flew across his face so the green shimmered deeper over the tawny gold of his eyes .
the loughs went to gleaming mirrors , and the green of the fields and hills only deepened under its shine through the puffs and layers of clouds streaming across the sky .
the candle flared a brilliant green and then went out .
for a moment the red wine glimmered a sinister green , and then it returned to its usual color .
it smashed against the sooty brickwork at the back of the fireplace and fell into the flames , which for a moment seemed to flare an ugly green .
a tiny geyser of steam arose from the hole ... but before it did , peyna clearly saw a cat's - eye flash of green .
the last green had almost faded out of the grass , when they came at length to an open glade not far above the banks of the stream .
the dragon has withered all the pleasant green , and anyway the night has come and it is cold .
kirby pimm and galtry the green are the best of those , though neither is a match for lord butterwell 's good - son , black tom heddle .
he bears the heads of three pale ladies , on undy green and blue . ''
and there upon the isle of almaren in the great lake was the first dwelling of the valar when all things were young , and new - made green was yet a marvel in the eyes of the makers ; and they were long content .
the one had leaves of dark green that beneath were as shining silver , and from each of his countless flowers a dew of silver light was ever falling , and the earth beneath was dappled with the shadow of his fluttering leaves .
the other bore leaves of a young green like the new - opened beech ; their edges were of glittering gold .
on front and back it bore the chequy lion , sewn in little squares of green and gold .
the color green still haunts me to this day .
for a start he was grey , shading to green in places , and smelled very strongly of artificial hyacinth aftershave , some of the more recent zombies having realized that their chance of making friends in their new life would be greatly improved if they smelled of flowers rather than just smelled .
a sort of light blue with a hint of green . '
- guthrie there sees the ... blue in the green and paints that on the plate in blue ' - one of the imps gave her a wave - ' and anton sees the yellow and paints that , and when you run it through the press -- ' ' ... very , very slowly , ' muttered goodmountain .
they all had leather armor , but dorian 's recruits wore the green of his army while mine had blue left over from aeson .
peaches and greens and all the colors of the cacti flowers looking up at the clear blue , blue of the sky .
he looked down at me intently , and those rapture - filled eyes seemed to be every shade of green and gold in the world .
so in the end temeraire had his long flight after all : the allegiance left dwindling behind in the blue - water depths , and the ocean shading to jeweled glass as they drew nearer the coast : old cliffs , softened by the years and sloping gently to the water under a cloak of unbroken green , with a fringe of jagged grey boulders at their base to break the water .
the mesh was washed with gold , striking against her pale green hide ; her wings were a darker shade of green , and striped with narrow bands of gold .
they did not follow the usual curve of the river to whampoa and canton , but instead took an earlier eastern branch towards the city of dongguan : now drifting with the wind , now rowing against the slow current , past the broad square - bordered rice fields on either side of the river , verdant green with the tops of the shoots beginning to protrude beyond the water 's surface .
it was manned by several guards in the imperial livery , as well as by two dragons also under gear : one of the by - now - familiar red ones , and the other a brilliant green with red markings .
qian made no immediate conversation , but gestured towards the lake ; the line of the morning sun was now traveling swiftly northward over the water as the sun crept higher , and the lotus buds were unfolding in almost balletic progression ; they numbered literally in the thousands , and made a spectacle of glowing pink color against the deep green of their leaves .
( there was deep , blue sky above them , and the grass was a luminous green like emerald , and there was a pool of very dark shadow , clear - edged , under every tree .
there were a few men who looked a little more suited to the work which lay ahead : a jonas green , who might himself have been cut none - too - neatly out of rock , with bulk in his shoulders and his arms ; he alone of the convicts was not drunk when they came up to the promontory .
the sound of running water could be heard , but the canyons brought distant echoes near , now and again , and even from high aloft they could only see impenetrable green , and the alternating pattern of flat clifftops rising and the tree - choked valleys between .
the convicts were taking it in turns to give green a few drops of water from the handkerchief - squeezings and to fan him , despite their almost satisfied airs of pessimism .
their progress upon the map showed them steadily nearing the coast , however , and one morning they came upon a broad band of verdant green , stretching away in either direction along the banks of a riverbed , flowing vigorously .
the swell went rushing away from him , eating every one of the little waves - climbing higher and higher , until it would certainly have gone to the topmasts at the least , thirty feet and shining pale green , and temeraire was compelled to fly around in several circles to express his delight as the whole struck upon the hidden reef half - a - mile further out and crashed in a thundering , foaming roar very like an entire broadside firing off .
but even without their help , gregor could have seen by the light of the water , which shone an unearthly phosphorescent green .
solovet came to the stage with a pointer and drew everyone 's attention to a large triangle of green that extended from the rats ' current territory halfway up the eastern side of the waterway .
the kid had that super - pale underlander skin , but his head was covered with jet - black curls , and his eyes were the green of a lime lollipop .
blues , yellows , greens .
though egwene had not chosen an ajah herself , she would have taken the green .
women in blues and greens carried wash from the stream beside the manor house .
there would be no switching to the green for her .
though , thinking of bryne , she did wish that the blue were a little more like the green in certain ways .
she needed to get news to the greens of what had happened at dumai 's wells , of what the amyrlin 's true orders with al'thor had entailed .
it flickered alight , illuminating the green around her .
a group of three aes sedai , led by a gray , accompanied by a green and a blue .
he views the blue favorably because of past associations , and greens are often perceived as the opposites to reds , a subtle indication that we are willing to work with him rather than gentle him .
idiot greens !
as egwene watched , the red turned her attention to ferane , and complained to her about rubinde , a sitter from the green who also resisted elaida 's efforts to end the talks .
no , he would n't dare think of the green as pretty now .
she crossed the brown thatch of the manor green , clenching and unclenching her fists , keeping her distance from rand .
the curtains and carpet were of a soft pale green , almost the color of ox - eye leaves , with light tan wood paneling .
he was loath to have another aes sedai nearby , although nelavaire demasiellin , a green , was relatively pleasant as aes sedai went .
a servant knocked quietly , wearing the white and forest green of milisair 's house .
she had chosen - or , would have chosen - the green and not the blue .
the difference was n't just that she liked the way the greens stood up and fought ; she thought that the blues were too focused .
she said that she 'd chosen the green for its aggressive determination - it was the battle ajah .
twenty - one in the blue , twenty - eight in the brown , thirty in the gray , thirty - eight in the green , seventeen in the white , twenty - one in the yellow , and a stunning forty - eight in the red .
a pocket of greens had stood with her and fought .
so she remained seated , arms on the hand rests , wearing a fine silken gown of green with yellow patterns on the bodice .
she had to be as logical as a white , as thoughtful as a brown , as passionate as a blue , as decisive as a green , as merciful as a yellow , as diplomatic as a gray .
here a patch of green that was a forest .
soon , he returned with some guards and a domani man dressed in bright greens and blues , a beauty mark shaped like a bell on his cheek .
here and there the sickly grays and greens were relieved by a bright burst of tiny pink or violet flowers clustering around trickling streams .
sleete remained with him - his aes sedai , a green named hattori , rarely had duties for him .
recently , she and masuri had begun being allowed to speak without reprimand from the wise ones , though the green did still glance at the aiel women before speaking .
nynaeve stood there , wearing a dress of bright yellow trimmed with green across the high bodice and along the skirt .
perrin followed , appearing on a familiar green .
she moved toward perrin , but froze as she saw - across the green in the other direction - a six - pointed star painted on a hillside .
the businesslike green was a curt woman .
tonight 's aes sedai - a petite , drowsy - eyed green named nimri - did n't question him .
the diminutive green met his eyes , voice crisp and curt .
there were two whites , two yellows - including romanda - two grays , and all three greens .
rubinde rose to her feet , and was joined by faiselle and farnah , the other greens .
she put on some perfume , then dressed in her nicest gown - a deep gray - green with embroidered vine patterns across the bodice and around the hem .
as everywhere else , the green here had departed , leaving yellow and brown .
he eyed her from under his flat cap of forest green .
he had chosen clothing of forest greens and earthy browns , along with a deep brown cloak .
she was green , and egwene had suspected for a time that she was the captain - general , the name the greens gave to the head of their ajah .
after all of this , the greens try to claim me ?
there was a growing sentiment among them that , just as the yellows specialized in healing weaves and the greens specialized in battle weaves , the grays should take particular interest in weaves for traveling .
the greens lived up to their ajah 's reputation - releasing wave after wave of destruction at the trollocs - but the other ajahs did well , also .
no better than a green , that one is .
spread out next to her , myrelle and a large contingent of greens wove fireballs that they lobbed over the water into bunched - up groups of trollocs , many of whom continued to run a considerable distance before they collapsed , engulfed in flames .
leane stumbled toward where a group of reds and greens fought from a hollowed out piece of ground on the western slope .
soot - stained and blackened , the green looked horrible .
a figure stood on a rocky protrusion behind him , wearing the greens and browns of a two rivers woodsman .
i kept moving , ready for the green , and when it clicked on i hurried across the street and onto the beach proper .
i turned and moved forward , my feet finding the sure ground as i left him , and in a great sweeping wind , i was blinded for an instant , only to see the familiar slope emerge , the slope on which i 'd walked when he first approached me , and below , for the first time , i saw in the far distance the misty streaks of green that marked the river 's progress .
he could see almost nothing of the forest beyond the lights , just here and there a bit of green and the streak of light on the bark of a tree .
he looked away , more into his thoughts than at anything particular , and as his eyes moved over the street , he now saw them everywhere , the shaggy - haired , leather - clad figures of the forest gentry , some in dark green , others in varying shades of brown , some even in bright colors , but all distinct in that soft chamois cloth , with their abundant hair , their windblown tangled hair .
this is embarrass- '' my thought was cut short by something i saw : king 's light flickered to green again , but this time it stayed that way .
bright , vivid green .
some of the crimson in it flared to green , and i knew this was the color of her sadness .
we were silent some more , and the dull green in her aura flashed brilliantly emerald and then was gone , replaced with something brown .
a split second later , the mixture swirled and morphed from grayish to brilliant green , indicating i 'd transformed volos 's failed sample into a viable antipotion .
it 's not that her old cutlass supreme was horrible , even though the avocado green made it look like some sort of ' 70s time machine .
her eyes were the green of new grass , her skin a soft golden brown .
the garden was like a fairyland , filled with plants in myriad shades of green and flowers in all the colors of the rainbow - bright reds and blues , violet and lavender , yellow and orange and pink .
the grass beneath her feet was a thick deep green .
such wondrous wings , pale green and gold streaked with crimson .
we were drunk on apple brandy she 'd unearthed from her parents ' liquor cabinet , lying out by the creek on a big patch of deep purple moss on one of those georgia summer days like we were living inside of a painted egg : greens and blues and bright splashes of color ; everything brighter and better than real life should ever be .
it was all yellows and greens and looked like it had barely been used .
their hair was the same shade of blonde , their eyes the same green , and the two girls stood at the same height .
the soaring fourteen - story tower was sheathed in copper that was already tarnishing a delightful shade of green , and the decorative panels were stunning .
the stairs at the rear of the shop led to a long room filled with dahlias of every imaginable color ; greens greener than emeralds , pinks like cotton candy , oranges brighter than the sun .
do you see how the fresh yellow - green leaves of the weeping willows contrast with the darker green of the laurels and yews that have been placed on the earth banks behind them ?
most of her classmates had already spray - painted senior class of 2001 on the windshields of their cars in vibrant greens , pinks , and yellows , though graduation remained an eerie ten months away .
surrounded by soft greens and browns i d drift off into another world .
the dominant colour was white , but there were other colours too , all the colours of the rainbow but , on top of these colours , were others , astonishing washed out gold , shades of pink , turquoise , blood red , powder blue , there was orange and greens , almost infinite .
it was a new kind of country they were entering , the dark green of the forests and the gray of rocks that lay ahead .
where did she get the green in her eyes , isabelle ?
fully half the protesters wore army camouflage , an ill - fitting sea of mottled greens , browns , and grays .
angel and dickie came down from hanging the red light then angel went up alone to hang the green .
and when upon your port is seen , a strangers starboard light of green , there s not so much for you to do .
now , her apple - green skirts , parted to reveal a petticoat lovingly embroidered with little roses , were dark with blood .
in the distance , the pastoral hills off toward culham , opaque with haze , rose blue - green against the sky .
indigo , saffron , and a bright cherry - red sparkled in the sunlight while a wide assortment of greens and browns still covered the floor .
he looked around at the walls of green that surrounded them .
roses , in every shade of pink , had been artfully woven into the garlands of green that nick and chris had hung the night before .
all around him , hades could see only browns and greens , the colors of life , and this stung his eyes .
when the emerald caught the light , all she could see inside of it was a vast field in the spring , where the greens almost seem to breathe .
from there , the forest of straight green ran up the sides of the cliffs that straddled the valley .
a collection of very fine old tapestries worked in rich greens and blues adorned the walls , depicting scenes from ancient mythology .
the article in question was a shawl , woven in rich blues and greens in an intricate paisley design , with a deep band of silken fringe dripping from the border .
painted in red and pearl , olive green and brown , they are primitive , or to use the more polite word , nave , representations , yet of enormous power .
as the deep green of pine trees replaced the brighter foliage of oak and elm , it struck her that the midnight lands were a darker and more somber world .
on their right now the island was a mantle of deep , seemingly eternal green reaching down almost to the water 's edge , and beyond that , up the rise of the first hill , were dull - colored scatterings of plantation houses .
he had seen and experienced barbados only for a day , but already he had concluded it was a place of fierce sun and half - tamed forest , hot and miserable , its very air almost a smoky green .
just above the surface of the sea was the tip of a large hump , deep green like a leatherback turtle .
chapter twenty - one the ochre half - light of dusk was settling over the island , lending a warm tint to the deep green of the hillside forests surrounding forte de la roche .
bartan was tawny - headed like a lion and the whole clan had eyes in shades of slate , greys or greens .
the secret history of the mongols , passage 57 it was the fat time of year : the waterside meadows that pitch of green that screams at the eye ; the foals lusciously at suck , and pinched from their mothers teats , ayrag galore ayrag that buzzes on the tongue like a bee , caresses the throat like a kiss , floats in the belly like a wafted balloon frothy and fizzy , tart and sweet , churned , fermented , a sort of yoghurt - beer .
glittery greens swathed the trees to their feet , like a stallion who has to toss his head to see .
the formal drawing room , in which hung a beautiful tapestry in scarlets and bright greens and golds , possibly done by one of simon 's ancestors , had a persistent leak on days with heavy rain .
the lines around his eyes deepened as his gaze narrowed , his irises the dark green of emeralds at dusk .
i just got it because i liked the green with the yellow .
as they walked off the eighteenth green billy said to conor , ` ` listen , i had an idea .
he was thankful they had n't asked him to read the greens , even though he knew every inch of them .
he loved the dazzling sky , the distinctive red soil , the brilliant green of the leaves .
dull purple satins and heavy greens , and lots of busy patterns and gold braid .
i i stopped and looked down at my own hands , seeing for a brief instant myself in pale green and my brother arthur , face flushed with drink .
it 's the most disgraceful country that i have ever seen , they 're hanging men and women for the wearing of the green .
his name comes into a ballad , the wearing of the green , and that is about all most irish people know about him .
it is a green city , a humid , lushly , sweet - smelling green , with coniferous trees doting the landscape , spread throughout the low hills and up the slopes of the surrounding mounts .
pasture grasses drooped beneath the high sun , a salad of yellows and greens peppered with black dung .
but it was the eyes that were her most attractive feature deep green like her fathers- and glinting with the excitement of simply being young .
she had lifted her hair and that reddish tint among the gold complemented the green of the dress , which of course matched her emerald eyes .
the green of the mountains was so fresh , empty as one of the new canvases stacked against hendrik 's studio wall .
you re to be down at admin , in uniform - and that means clean , long greens , with shirt - in half an hour .
back in the hut i changed into clean greens , packed my bag with a set of civilian clothes and basic toiletries and even combed my hair , what there was of it .
i spent much of my first twenty - four hours in saigon asleep and when i finally surfaced properly from my allocated bunk at the canberra hotel , on my second morning there , i was issued some toiletries and a clean set of greens .
my army greens , signifying no rank at all , did nt seem right for a place like the continental .
once again i had the sense that my plain greens jarred with the surrounds , announced my military lowliness , but i took comfort in the soft music , the decor , my anonymity and the company of the american girl .
the white , pine - clad mountains that rose like battlements from the water looked overbearing , their beauty fierce and intractable with cold , the reflections in the deep blue / green rendering them all the more encompassing .
her soft emerald greens beckon .
the smile left muriall 's face , her eyes becoming a denser shade of green as she said , ' we must be careful , like i said , i think she knows .
walking over to the piles of mixed oils on the palette board said , ' never thought you 'd mix so many colours , i mean for the green you ' ve mixed yellow , blue , purple , brown .
realizing that george was trying to help , jess answered , ' for green you get a multitude of shades from mixing the blue and the yellow .
glimpsing silver fish , with scales iridescent greens and blues , darting among lily pads , she tried to touch one .
overhead , a kingfisher 's wings shone iridescent blues and greens .
willows have thinner bark on their whip - like branches so i could see them changing from grey to brown to green .
she set a basket overflowing with garden greens on a bench and quietly closed the door .
in true pennsylvania dutch style , she had seven sweets and seven sours , greens and yellows , cakes and pies , meat , fish and fowl .
the royal artist painted the green of resurrection in anhurs likeness onto the facial linen .
he was dressed in a colorful shirt of red , brown and dark green , wearing a ridiculously large brimmed hat , and treading in huge boots .
i also found a silk choker in the same shade of green as the dress and fixed it around my throat .
the marching column of men , perhaps two hundred or so clad in the green of clanranald , halted and then spread out protectively around their leaders .
some were clad in the muted reds and greens of clan gregor .
he was most proud of that banner following behind them was a band of highlanders , clad in tartan of varying hues , the muted red green of clan gregor predominating , although other colours could be seen .
the green in her face deepens , so i continue .
i dig through the scraps of leather and settle on dark green , her favorite color .
the grass was just showing a hint of green in a few places as the dust that was thrown up from hacks hooves settled back down on the road .
i just stand there , watching her till my own head spins spins and spins and spins , the whole world spinning in a blur of blues and greens so vivid i can taste them and out of the whirlpool of color comes derya , sixteen now , looking just as she did only days ago , by the river .
brown against the green of the undergrowth .
he noticed it also was freshly painted a forest green .
the leaves on the maples were changing from the green of nature simply pursuing her own devices , transforming to the riotous autumn display that put caleb in mind of some painter gone mad .
the sea was the deepest of emerald greens , whilst between the ocean and the heavens the grass did truly appear to be greener .
it had only been ten months since he had arrived in new zealand and he was still marvelling at the landscape and its beautiful , reeling peaks and hollows , awash with the deep greens of grass and the now golden yellow leaves of autumn .
coming back up for air , he looked about him and saw the beauty of the place , the cloudless blue sky and verdant green of the forest , then set off for the rocks but he would do it faster than the others , he decided .
on her feet were embroidered slippers of olive green and purple .
hers was akin to a forest green and was the same color as that which sir chavelle wore .
at first she felt embarrassed , but then noticed that many others also were waving scarves or banners of the same forest green ; in the back of her mind she wondered who the blue was for .
the man was tall and thin , dressed from head - to - toe in work greens ; on his head he wore a ball cap , tilted slightly to one side .
in addition to the lack of decoration , the walls changed from trendy browns and sages to pastel green .
tatum quickly recognized that pastel green was evidently the code colour for the unit .
the only exception to the sea of pastel green was the ceiling , floor , and the smattering of mismatched institutional style furniture .
there were nurses , orderlies , and of course patients , all wearing the requisite pastel green .
unit three looked remarkably like unit two with peach as the colour of choice in place of unit two 's pastel green .
sam had chosen grays and greens for the walls and the mix of soft and cool tones were perfectly accented by the velvety drop - down lighting .
the dc8 was still climbing out and had started a turn away from diamond head as brad watched the tropical green of oahu slip from the restricted view of the aircraft window to be replaced by the ever changing color flow of the pacific 's greens and blues .
the dc8 was still climbing out and had started a turn away from diamond head as brad watched the tropical green of oahu slip from the restricted view of the aircraft window to be replaced by the ever changing color flow of the pacific 's greens and blues .
i had to get an issue of seabee greens , our work uniforms , draw my weapon and get scheduled for a new course in jungle warfare as well as two weeks of weapons training .
the debutantes were all in a pale green that seemed to be all the rage this season .
she was a beautiful vision in fine velvet of a deep green that appeared every bit as expensive as it surely was .
maggie placed it on lizzies head , the lush green of the leaves succulent against the golden shine of lizzies hair .
she loved this time of year the fields around the village were beautiful in their warm shades of yellow , bordered by the fiery reds , oranges and vibrant greens of the trees .
on the right a chaise lounge in olive green stretched out near a round end table covered with photographs .
searchlights criss - crossed overhead , changing the grass from gray to green before moving on .
a quilt done in bright greens and blues covered it .
three of the dornite coastal cities were visible as well , appearing as light - coloured smudges against the green of the plain , backed up by the turquoise , white - flecked expanse of the endless ocean .
we wear the green uniforms to blend in with the green of the forest .
he leaned against the cage of the bofors , trying to shut out the view of their wake which drew a foamy white line through the green of the surf the boat was trying to leave behind .
jordan looked out the window , finding that they were over land , the lush green of the south pacific .
the crops are up and tend to be a very bright color green .
the outfit was in the most splendid of greens , with red trimmings , beautifully tailored to fit not only his ample fifty - six inch chest , but also his luxuriant seventy - six inch waist !
if the greens do nt show up , i might allow you to sign on as my cabin boy , the captain says .
from here on the palatine they could see the whole of rome spread out below the massive twinned peak of the capitol ; the scattered houses on the hills , the tiber silvered with sunlight , the gold and green of a young spring landscape .
its pupils are bars of black in the flecked yellowish green of its eyes .
thesanthei 's words had struck something in him that had long been submerged , that surfaced sometimes in dreams ; a vanth waiting , her face putrescent green , in a room at night , sometimes lit by the fitful flicker of sheet lightning , and then plunged into darkness , so that his eyes seemed to retain a ghost image shining against the black .
the sun was dying by the time they had collected enough wood from the forest edge ; dry bracken and gorse for a fast flare - up , and rotten logs that they hoped were n't too wet to burn , and wood from lightning - struck trees that they 'd found standing bleached and gaunt among the green .
a little further on , the dark winter green of prickly - leaved holm oaks closed in on the path , shimmering as if with fear or rage .
the rooms in this mansion were bright with lamps , though lower and heavier than those in the tlesnasa house , the ceilings vaulted in smooth curves ; the walls were hung in one room with gilded bronze shields that glinted in the lamplight , in another with fabric striped in the colours of tuscan spring , light greens , sky blue , and the orange , pink , lavender of wildflowers .
a thick dark soup of chestnuts and dried mushrooms , with tiny slivers of onion fried in butter and a dash of dark vinegar to sharpen it up ; ham sliced so thin the light shone through it , soft and salty ; geese stuffed with apples and wild garlic , so that the sharpness of the stuffing cut through the fattiness of the meat ; a slop of lentils cooked with onion and walnuts , hare stewed in wine and its own blood , dried figs in honey , quince paste with sharp cheese , a sweet cake made of nuts and candied fruit , dumplings of muddy fish flesh flaked with breadcrumbs and onion greens , shredded chicken cooked with beet till it was purple ; different textures , different tastes , different colours , the luxury of variety and contrast .
tullia rode ahead , down the steep cliff road , under branches now furry with catkins and speckled with the faint but vivid green of young leaves .
vegetation painted the slopes in variegated hues of greens and browns .
aedanns eyes were darkening to a deep green , his hair to jet black .
just behind them is a taller line of year - old trees , of a darker shade of green , and yet another line behind them .
a flash of red against the green of the foliage drew his instant attention , even if it was hidden beneath a white bonnet .
he spun around a little too fast , making his head spin to see the form of georgiana approaching , her white gown a contrast to the greens and browns of nature surrounding them .
willing his mind to clear it , he drew a deep breath savouring the fresh scent of the wet grass and marvelled at the green of the countryside .
the eyes were just as cold but they were not the distinctive green of de floyrans .
golds , greens , navy , and burgundy .
soft blues and crmes , soft greens with rose and tan .
we both best be gettin some sleepin done in dis heat or we ai nt gon na be nothin but wilted greens in da mornin .
and greens and pinksand the white rose stopped when she glanced at lily .
she had chosen a new dress to wear ; a beautiful emerald green reminding her of ireland , but now that carolina jane was here she wondered if it was wise to go back .
soon the land would be again a verdant green .
the chairs were an olive green , some plastic , some with cushions .
his face was serious as a final van , this one green pulled in behind the red one .
it looked awful when it came , luminous green .
she had a wild look on her face , i could see it with the pulse of each new light a smudge of pale blue , pale green , and her eyes very big .
every so often a code green would go off which basically meant someone had gone nuts and needed restraining .
the view from the top always took his breath away ; a sea of lightsreds , greens and yellowsthe city with all its weird and wonderful inhabitants , living with no idea of what stood above , watching them .
thick , oxygen - rich blood from his opened throat blurred the muted greens and grays of the pixilated camouflage into a dark brown bib .
with the cheap white card standing out against the pixilated grays and greens , morales snapped , i m interested in you calling off your dogs and giving me back my crime scene .
shed spent her day plugged into a temperature - controlled world of muted grays and greens , nothing like this beautiful day .
his cold , dead eyes turned from blood red to a familiar soft green .
he took out two blues and a green , went to the kitchen , opened a beer and swallowed them with a swig of micro - brewed lager .
doctor green : zz hallucigenia - 3.0 - z character - minor wallace 's medical man for his injury recovery .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
the same dark , masculine hues of deep browns and greens adorned the walls and furnishings , the one coffee table and the chair and matching couch arranged in the exact same position against the window and the wall in a cramped l shape .
he placed another dusty ceramic item on the kitchen counter , a small grey mouse holding onto a tiny , wrapped gift , the bow adorning it a sickly shade of green that contrasted with the sky blue of the box .
she s a pensioner , and she makes ends meet cooking up scones for henri so i know she s not rolling in the green .
lines of bright greens on black were reflected in his pupils .
up ahead there was a figure , standing alone , a dark black pillar against the green of the forest and i ran toward it as fast as i could .
for instance , hay - ricks in the trees , and here and there very beautiful masses of weeping birch , their white stems shining like silver through the delicate green of the leaves .
they are as follows : jacky smollet , of dudding 's rents , queen george 's road , great walworth , and thomasina snelling , peta farley 's row , guide court , bethnal green .
the tomb in the daytime , and when wreathed with fresh flowers , had looked grim and gruesome enough , but now , some days afterwards , when the flowers hung lank and dead , their whites turning to rust and their greens to browns , when the spider and the beetle had resumed their accustomed dominance , when the time - discoloured stone , and dust - encrusted mortar , and rusty , dank iron , and tarnished brass , and clouded silver - plating gave back the feeble glimmer of a candle , the effect was more miserable and sordid than could have been imagined .
he twitched , forcing the veil from his eyes , and gazed at the canopy above , repulsed by the vibrant greens , reds , and violets .
toothless gums colored green were exposed through a gaping hole in its cheek .
pastel greens and blues are replaced by the cold grays and browns of a city .
the exclusive colors were blue and light - gray , ignoring the lush greens and browns of the forest world .
or maybe a yellowish green .
right now they re a greenish yellow or maybe a yellowish green .
the walls are painted a pale green ; the sofa and matching seat are a combination of sea - foam with bamboo colored lines .
the mans glossy black shoes padded across the silent street , and he slipped through a gate in a wrought - iron fence around an oasis of green in a sea of grey .
` ` i need the green filled out now , the rest you can bring back tomorrow . ''
i turned right on bloor , stalking between the crowds and small , gnarled trees budding green in the new spring .
the door was industrial green , set in a concrete box at the corner of the rooftop .
his eyes flashed red before returning to their original green .
any color would be better than that shade of green .
at this time the larvae , which are reddish orange with black spots and are known as red efts , leave the water and spend the next few years on landliving under stones and logs in damp , wooded regionsthe larva eventually return to water , develop adult coloration , and spend the rest of their lives in an aquatic habitat apparently they changed from bright red to green at this time .
ben looked around at all the green , all the life of this place , all the beauty of this place and once again hoped that when he walked down the little embankment that led to the lake , the green - or the orange or the yellow or the blue or the whiteso many beautiful colors in this place as the seasons went round - would nt be spoiled by that damned red .
the carpet was a stale green , speckled with maroon , and as each of his shoes landed on it he could tell that it had been laid down without even so much as an ounce of padding .
the secret is to boil out all of the green and then strain it through an old kenny loggins t - shirt before you mix it in with the butter .
she met with others on her way , reds , blues , greens and grays , and unlike the children , they at least were able to mask their disgust , covering it with pleasant smiles -- though she could still see them cringing inside , their minds retching .
considering the numerous plants , the color green was , surprisingly , one of the least visible colors .
the austere automatic gate of beaten iron opened and the jaguar disappeared in that luxuriant green that characterized the park of villa monteghini .
it loved the unusual loneliness and the sense of abandonment that it inspired her that small pond decorated of ninfee , to the feet of that rough bare mountain , in contrast with the rest of the landscape around the mirror of water , that a sort of screen had created made of greens saplings and bushes you launch .
dawn was on the water now , transforming it from impenetrable grey to green , a green with depth and transparency .
sylvia 's eyes glittered at me with the same sparkling green , and their look took the marrow out of my bones .
a thousand shades of sea green came to mind .
they wore sleek , black uniforms with silver crosses threaded into their chests , striking against the forestial greens .
for example the blue at the top is water and hydroxyl , the green down the sides is just general rock mineral and the pale orange shade is crystal .
i should have known the planet cronus was nt this green - was nt this large .
there was no longer any hint of green .
behind them , flat fields of corn stretched off into the distance , stark green against a blue sky dotted with clouds .
diamond shapes , lozenges , a mountainside of spikes , weblike panels set at every angle , greens and blues and scarlets ... .
finally , a light flashed green and the door slide aside , slamming hard to the stretching limb of a beast as alex fled .
the skin on his face peeled and flaked , losing all colour but a chalky green ; his hands and fingers appeared scraped to the bone in places .
a cavernous wound in the brickwork which allowed the dingy greens and browns of the autumnal forestation to creep through .
but then the room 's pink glaze morphed to a filthy green and the smoke thickened , obscuring his face .
my eyes caught sight of a grape sized bruise the color of pale chartreuse , the edges fanning to green then finally purple .
bob took the shot full in the face , blowing his brains out the backside of his skull and painting the end of the alleyway in delightful hues of putrid green and midnight black .
then , a green , rotting hand burst from the boxes and tried to clench the air .
at first , there was only the swelling of the blackness as it widened in the middle and drove a wedge of unreality between the green of the crops and the blue of the sky .
do you see the green on it , on the sides ?
sighing ruefully , she lifted the ball to her chest and took one final look , opening her fingers and spreading her palm and nearly dropping the thing as the phosphorescent green finally rose to catch her eye .
yeh doan reckon its hidin , the glow stone sat on the dresser and tinted him a sickly shade of green , i say we go see what s what .
in bold gold letters printed on a moulded frame of dark green .
the lounge is pitch black except for the clock on the dvd player , which glows a harsh fluorescent green .
she had looked and looked at the combination for days before deciding it needed something with a different green to really set it off .
just deep blue green and shadows .
the trees were thinner , the gloom lifted , dark green light became bright , vivid summer green , and she felt herself relax .
dull green glowed from the cars dashboard lights .
the bright green of late wisconsin summer pines was deeper here in the woods at the far side of the lake .
all the blues and greens match your kilt .
the leaves on the trees were starting to change color , bits of orange and yellow in the green .
inside , he found things that made his memories line up like bowling pins ; his ceramic plate , painted dark green , etched with a pentagram .
reds and blues and greens streaked within the white stone shimmered at me .
it was dark , but still early night , and the stars were twinkling greens and blues and whites , reflecting in the water , so that when i dipped my hand in , i caught the sky .
there were peacocks , the feathers of them many different blues and greens and golds , and their tails brushed against the ground as though wearing their own dresses , long and thick and sweet .
lucy did nt hear the voice on the other end yell or scream , but whatever it was saying to luvici was making him shimmer green .
from his position against the door , he looked up at terry , his emerald eyes now glowing that radioactive green .
the water carried away the detritus and left only the flakes of green , which i carefully hand - picked and placed upon a rock to dry .
the world has a slight tint to it , a faint touch of green , and everything in front of him is distorted .
but what she loved the most was the way that the bright green of his eyes stood out against the blond hair and tanned skin .
at the base of the valley , where several downhill slopes converged was a large pool , fed by a rushing waterfall that seemed to just appear from a rocky overhang at the base of one of the hills that surrounded them , its clear water reflecting the green of the trees and the pale orange of the early evening sky that could be seen from the gap in the foliage above them .
a flash of hot pink could be seen in stark contrast to the deep , dark green of the evergreens .
then again with greens call .
she nodded at green and counted with her fingers : three , two , one .
hurtling images plunged by the windshield , vague shadows at first which took on ominous shades of green as they got closer to the tree line .
they are long , sleek and patterned with greens and red colors .
it was painted a restful green and had neutral paintings and big green plants .
lorz went into long and perfectly superfluous observations regarding the brush - size and shade of green for the poster , clearly establishing the nature of their relationship .
he proceeded to drive once the traffic light changed to green .
her eyes were a light , irish green .
collins and first mate green , were killed ; and the remaining eight under second mate johansen proceeded to navigate the captured yacht , going ahead in their original direction to see if any reason for their ordering back had existed .
the outside , which they finished first , they painted in true victorian colors : pale greens , blushing pinks , sky blues , and plumb purples .
a chinese oriental depicting birds and vines in pinks and greens and ivory lay on the floor between a pair of puce velvet wingbacks and a light green sofa , also in velvet .
there were four fungus beasts altogether , the largest one green and waving hundreds of tentacles while a fanged mouth in the middle of his body formed a tunnel that was ringed with sharp fangs all the way through to its other side , where a duplicate mouth opened and masticated .
their green was the green of reptile scales .
their green was the green of reptile scales .
immediately afterwards , in a sorcerously charged state of post - coital enlightenment , junisia swallowed a pod containing two seeds , one dark green , the other pitch black .
his pants and shirt were the same color of dark green and he had a name tag sewn onto the front pocket of his shirt .
little boy greens face split open , and the zombie fell backward , spluttering a viscous goop from his hacked , yawning mouth .
as scared as i was , i started to walk forward down the ashen path , leading myself into the sea of toxic green , praying to god or whoever else was up there that it would not swallow me whole .
it was such a radiant green .
the green in her eyes was glowing today .
his eyes were shiny and the green in them glowed as if he might cry .
` ` i told you the next time i see you in greens i 'd send you away for ninety days . ''
fall meant the leaves would begin to change in color from the luscious green of life , to the blood red , orange and yellow color of flames .
he 's got a lot of black hair under a carelessly worn surgical greens cap .
insectlike , with a faint , high whirring noise like chiggers , a cloud of miniature helicopters , painted jungle green , rose out of the box .
or , ` ` what a great shade of green , '' and never make the connection .
her name was cardinal after her red curls , though they were more gold - red than damian 's ; nothing was quite as bloodred as his long straight hair , just as his eyes were the green of a cat 's eyes , inhumanly beautiful , though i knew that the eyes were the color he 'd had in life .
damian stood beside the bed in a new silk robe that was almost the same green as his eyes , with cardinal pulling on his hand .
i noticed that damian 's eyes had gone back to their normal green .
it did not sound to clay like a happy shout , but when he looked over his shoulder all he could see were a few strollers , a dog trotting with a frisbee in its mouth ( were n't they supposed to be on leashes in there , he wondered ) , acres of sunny green and inviting shade .
everything in the woods was pretty now , a spectrum of furnace colors mixed with the sturdy , never - changing green of the firs , and he supposed ( not for the first time , either ) that if men and women owed god a death , there were worse seasons of the year in which to pay up .
the dashboard instrument panel glowed a mystic green .
a second had the name alhazred emblazoned in ancient green across the faded brickwork .
he begins to walk faster and faster , bent low , unaware that his beard , usually scant ( he can get away with only shaving once every three days ... at the right time of the month , that is ) , has now sprung out thick and scruffy and wiry , and that his one brown eye has gone a hazel shade that is deepening moment by moment toward the emerald green it will become later this night .
the words four happy wanderers were printed in the same dark green on the rv 's blunt nose .
mary observed that his face was still tinted irish spring green .
the greens know it , too , but they treat each dead eagle as if it were a boiled baby , just the same what it 's really about - and all it 's about - is trying to stop us from mining the copper .
but lots of red meat and greens , greens , greens .
but lots of red meat and greens , greens , greens .
the world around him was only three colors : the deep gray of the sky , the deep green of the firs , and the perfect unblemished white of the new snow .
his eyes were that same old brilliant green , but the rest of his color was gone .
the roof was black instead of green , which meant this was hole in the wall as it had been before 1982 , when the four of them , then strapping high - school boys ( well , henry had never been what you 'd call strapping ) , had helped beav 's dad put up the green shingles the camp still wore .
the second one stuck a little , and duddits 's eyes had opened - that beautiful flash of green .
and kathi green was more .
as that light skied upward , orange faded to a breathless maxfield parrish blue - green that i had never seen before with my own eyes ... and yet i had a sense of d j vu , as if maybe i had seen it , in my dreams .
v the following night i lined the sunset with bundles of witchgrass , and the brilliant orange shining through the green turned the horizon into a forest fire .
the tennis balls were the wrong color because i had n't had the right shade of green , but that was n't why ; i hated it because it felt all wrong .
vast red light filled the west , reaching high to heaven , where it faded first to orange , then to a weird green .
tessie and laura were there , most certainly , but others as well , just below them where the red faded to green and the green to black .
the first three were a brilliant solid green that rarely if ever occurs in nature ; the fourth was blue ; the fifth was a faded orange that might once have been red .
i rummaged again , and took out libbit 's pale green .
or maybe it was just that duma 's greens were darker .
the gulf , usually so blue during my time on duma key , i had painted a dull and ominous green .
the wings were either black or a very dark mottled green .
he proceeded without panic , however , taking the video camera from the hutch , screwing it on to its tripod , loading in a fresh tape , checking the time - code ( it was correct ) and the battery level ( all the way in the green ) .
in fact , the very shade of green was like nothing anyone in troop d had ever seen before , although none could have explained exactly how it was different .
the thing hanging out of the trunk , a draggled and membranous white shading to dark green , looked as much like an easter lily as anything else .
their silly little peace bouquet had been nicely arranged , there were even a few springs of green to give it that all - important town florist 's feel , but they had n't thought to add water .
when she brought the sandwich in three minutes later , jessie was sitting before the glowing screen again , her skin an unhealthy comic - book green in its reflected glow , lost in whatever she was slowly picking out on the keyboard .
a rising green .
she could now more clearly see the green she had mistaken for a hill .
between them was more standing , stag - nant water and more trees , most dead but some with fluffs of green at the top .
here and there in the darkening green , birches stood like gaunt ghosts .
the afterimage hung in front of her even when the real thing was gone : reflected sky , first blue , then a fading green .
its seat poked an inch or two out of the grass , one shade of green on another , almost invisible in the moon - driven dark .
as its hands clamped tight , shutting off his air , he was even able to see the way the white light from the arc - sodium lamp turned a smoky green as it passed through that membranous headfin .
the rosebushes , which had been showing the first touches of spring green when eddie broke through them , now turned a dead and lacy black .
their driveway was freshly sealed each fall so that it always remained as black as a dark mirror , the slate shingles on the many slants of the roof were always a perfect mint green that almost exactly matched the lawn , and people sometimes stopped to take pictures of the mullioned windows , which were very old and quite remarkable .
the skateboard was a fluorescent green .
he saw , all too clearly , the board going out from under his feet , shooting unencumbered down the street , an improbable fluorescent green , a color that only a child could love .
the smoke was thicker , washing out the greens and grays and reds of the day .
a dream of the goddess , the face of the goddess , looming black over the jungle green , brooding and eroded .
they looked black and wet inside the fuzz of green on them .
lucky strike green has gone to war !
pete was showing no signs of rebellion , and wilma had been feeling an endof - winter dullness that the new green in the trees and grass could n't seem to touch .
the tin race - course was all bright greens and dusty summer browns .
they backed away , three big men , all of them scared green .
the greens and browns of her irises were visible even half a classroom away .
the green 's showing . ''
against the hospital world of solid whites and anemic greens , susan norton looked very good indeed .
the floors and walls are a uniform medium green , and the ceiling is a lighter green .
the smoke had been in the air all morning , but now , at one in the afternoon , you could see the bright arteries of fire dancing in the green beyond griffen 's pasture .
i raised my face to look into those blue eyes with their flash of green around the pupils .
the rock wall fell away on their right , disclosing a slash valley that seemed to go down forever , lined a dark green with rocky mountain pine and spruce .
the first one was to mort ` ` gino '' green .
in this early summer season the amount of green he could see from his window seemed abnormal , excessive , a little scary .
they walked down another hall , this one painted industrial green .
trees and open fields spread out all around , all in shades of green only slightly blued by a dreaming morning haze .
two clean white churches , their steeples rising as if to poke through the blue morning sky ; a private school , gray fieldstone buildings shackled with ivy ; a mill ; a couple of red brick school buildings ; plenty of trees dressed in summer green - gowns .
she stared at the whiteness ( it was impossible to stare into it ) , fascinated , agonized , for minutes before she realized she could feel the fork of the vespa between her thighs , and that there was another color - green - at the periphery of her vision .
he was halfway to the edge of the deep green when it parted and three men came out .
another light perhaps eight blocks down changed to green before a high dingy many - windowed building that looked like a mental hospital , and so was probably the high school .
the hall was narrow and painted a bilious green .
through the translucent sides the bags were visible long frondlike cuttings , medium green .
he brought up the roi - tan cigar box from under the counter , pushed it aside without even looking inside it , groped again , and this time came up with a steel lockbox painted industrial green .
in spite of the dirt , the almost palpable body odor , and nazi regalia , his eyes , a dark green , were not without intelligence and even a sense of humor .
you wo n't be able to tell me from the others in my greens , but i will be there . '
now he could see his pack leaning against the edge of an old and moss - grown blowdown , white deadwood poking through the green here and there like bones , he could see his pack , yes , but he could n't reach it because he had walked a few yards away to take a leak and he had walked into a really squelchy place , mud almost to the tops of his l.l .
lancte lit a vantage green .
in a season when the president of the united states was being dunned over what amounted to greens fees , stillson 's weird financial disclosure statement raised zero eye brows .
the only true color to his face was the brilliant blue of his eyes , with that hint of green in them like sea water in the sunlight he would never see again .
her eyes were an incredible , brilliant green ... for a while i had kept an eye on her to see if she was going to rake out a pair of contact lenses , but apparently the color was true .
she walked up the center of the path , letting peter lead them back toward the woods road at his own bumbling pace , enjoying the lush green of high summer ... and this was the first day of summer , was n't it ?
d - cells stood in the other four , each neatly capped with one of those little funnels ( looking at them more closely , gard decided they were scraps of tin can carefully cut to shape with tin - snips ) , each with a wire coming out of the funnel over the + post ... one red , one blue , one yellow , one green .
only these fireworks were not red and white and coruscating orange ; they were all a dull and terrible green .
he saw dark shapes in the green .
we ... we ... ' bobbi 's eyes suddenly glowed a deep , frightful green .
last thing the transformer began to pulse a brilliant green for the last time , for a moment or two rivaling the fire .
he should have had a lucky strike green dangling from that mouth , or maybe a sweet caporal .
charity was dressed in her best pants suit - it was a quiet green - and a white cotton blouse with a ruffle at the neck .
he pushed his green felt hat back on his forehead , stared at what was there awhile longer , then put his fingers between his teeth and whistled piercingly .
her top is medical green , but her bottoms are brightly colored , like pajama pants .
it is painted a forest green with a yellow winged emblem across the front of it , but the dust of a thousand journeys has collected on the surface , giving it the look of something that has recently risen from the earth .
but he looks closely at it - the colours of the welded metal where the blades come together , the elemental blues and blacks and greens and browns .
the red of her lips is striking against all the blacks , whites , greens and browns of the place .
it was green , like the rest , forest green .
she asked what she was supposed to be looking at , but he hushed her , and bid her wait a moment and in that moment a fat white cloud idly passing across the sun changed the light imperceptibly , and now the waves appeared to run clear , and uncover beneath them a tracery of darker green , shimmering on the sea bed , a very garden of patterned foliage under the water , forming a broad square maze .
in silence they landed , and pushed through the blossom and scented herbage and undergrowth that led up to the level ground , till they stood on a little lawn of a marvelous green , set round with natures own orchard trees crab apple , wild cherry , and sloe .
chainsaw - boy , go pull up some more of that tasty green and some grog from the galley for me , i wo nt be able to leave the helm for a while ok chainsaw - boy called back what are you going to do grigor ?
his scaly skin was a mix of blues and greens , and he was wearing the flashiest high topped trainers for miles around .
here and there small trees had managed to grow and survive on the rock base , lending droplets of deep green to break up the monotonous grey and white that surrounded everything .
fluid white cloud structures swirled around over the surface , making a marked difference between the deep green that covered the entire globe .
besides , it was flimsy , plain and unbranded , and served only to mute the creams and greens of his outfit , while the umbrella was perfect camouflage , neatly matching his skirt and designed for golf .
he pointed , holding greens eyes .
here was his back door , open a crack and painted a lurid green .
colours were drained from faces and clothing , reds , blues and greens that were then concentrated in the faces and clothing of others , brightly garbed individuals who amassed an intensity of pigments so radiant ordinary folk had to look away .
the sky is blue and the grass green , he said , face twisting .
there was a smell of spring , an odour of cut grass on the air trapped inside , a piece of somewhere else enclosed he could n't say when , brought here , transported , the alley unused to earthen bouquets , its only green the new leaves , the stunted trees each penned behind flaky red - brick walls .
the second was of a tree just come to leaf , the mellow green of new shoots hung with cobwebs and blossom .
some miles on , just as the sun set and the green took on a bluish tinge , he came upon a car wreck .
welsby - green actually asked duggan , within my hearing and with no attempt to keep his voice down , who he was taking the opportunity to weed out .
the walls were painted dark green up to about five feet from the floor and only then , when you got above the possible reach of dirty little hands , did the magnolia take over .
so i bought greens , pinks , yellows , and reds .
she would often sit and muse over her morning cup of coffee , gazing over the manicured fields of green , about how much a twenty five hundred dollar a week lawn really brightened up the place .
juliet climbed out of the car and stood staring at the house set back behind a hill of meticulously administered green .
thorp inhaled , guiding the ventura through drizzle and traffic , its windscreen wipers motionless , the red lights pallid and a deeper grey than the green - although there was nt much between them .
immediately the cafe swamped him with greens and browns , the reds of lipsticks and the blues of soup bowls .
i do n't see anything but reds and greens .
his shirt was intense spring green and his trousers were very , very purple .
i have to say , notnice joe 's subconscious was a terrible place to have to hunt which subtle shade of green he wished the bathroom curtains to be .
the weed , dark green , a little frondy , prone to nibbling attacks from the bream and perch that occasionally brave the city stretch of the slow - flowing , aptly named ouse , took pity on the poor , abandoned pebble .
different paints leak out from the dabbling brush - tip , greens and browns for trees , yellows for reeds , whites and reds for a windmill .
through the keyhole , if he were awake , he would see a pink bedroom with posters of ponies and justin bieber and a pink hairbrush and glossy pink nail lacquer and a small television and vcr and teddies and ponies and barbie and ken and lions and tigers and bears , oh my , and lily gusset , eleven years old , peacefully sleeping and dreaming of catkin silver the ex - teenage cannonball the city is sleeping , the green is grey .
the greens then , bugs replied , stating the chosen location of the duel , as was custom .
the ultraviolet green of the pickle stood out in marked relief to the surrounding grey paste .
a young lethargic - looking soldier dressed in varying shades of green turned his head towards them , his rifle balanced vertically between his stretched legs as he slouched upon a low wooden barstool .
the color scheme of the plane 's interior -- a bright orange contrasted against neon green -- did nothing to alleviate my disorientation and simmering temper .
the realization i had my hands full landed upon me at the precise moment the rubber tires of slipstream green caught their squealing purchase on the sangster international runway .
` ` beat big green . ''
walking up the steps , they observe its vivid green windowsills , they note the tasteful pink chosen to complement the green .
like when i look out and see clouds in a green sky , those clouds and that turquoise green is a psychological construct , independent of any external reality .
it was poetic : the liquor , originally a stark green , with the optical properties of water , became cloudy and opaque on addition of that famously clear latter liquid .
- dirty old green !
i asked if there was any response and my intel , agent green , confirmed that no contact has been made or any attempts to reach out to the hq .
my vision flashed a thin translucent sheet of green with a cursor blinking on the side .
he must have been very ill , vicar , a frightful green he was .
harry the barman wafted amongst them , dropping warmed goblets of nectar down upon the tables velveteen greens .
the rivers , caravan routes and muddy trails thru the green that i could see were almost as useless .
the mountains we had left yesterday were a deeper blue line on the horizon and the rest of the world was a sea of blue - domed green .
on the lip of the umbrella i noticed just bea stenciled in a shade of green that strangely matched her eyes .
on the desktop was an old - fashioned green felt ink blotter , a desk lamp with a green glass shade and of course a computer monitor .
she had placed a bird feeder in her yard for them and they visited her often , especially barbra streisand , the green with red striped hummingbird .
speaking of which , the chicken valdosta at plantain ( 53 hatton st . , no phone ) is reminiscent of a great depression easter pot - luck , when sawdust , backyard dandelion greens , a pigeon or two , and pan - scrappings , created something marvelous and real , according to the pantaloonist blog .
i ve heard that simple green is great for deodorizing skunk smell .
it took him a good solid couple of hours to treat the dog , his car , and himself but the simple green proved to be nearly miraculous in its results .
apart from the usual small amount of rust around the windscreen , the bodywork was in pretty good condition , and it was a beautiful british racing green .
it was hard to hide a car with all the unusual logos and advertising designs all over it , painted a day - glo green , but the driver had an intuition , and decided to hang around .
they re deep , deep green , covered with orange balls , like monochromatic christmas decorations .
both low wall faces fronting the gift shop are painted the same shade of green as the giant head and have baby alligators painted in bright yellow script across each .
droplets of greens and blues , yellows and reds , indigos and whites .
slowly , its bright green became dull , then dull green became gray .
slowly , its bright green became dull , then dull green became gray .
the leaves were losing their lustrous green and , in a few weeks , would turn and fall to the ground in a patchwork of color .
it was an intense latticework of three - foot square panels , each painted in ivory with accents of olive and sage greens .
all the hems were trimmed in narrow , parallel bands of green and burgundy .
her broad brimmed hat was cream colored , around which ran the same bands of green and burgundy that graced her dress .
unlike every other casino , which used green for the $ 25 chips , the hard rock used purple .
before they could order a beer without difficulty they were rolling their own drum tobacco cigarettes , proclaiming america needed a genuine greens party , and answering only to the german version of their names .
i felt as if i d been eating forever and still the green remained , mocking me .
could be really badass , we paint the pvc army green , maybe a little camo .
the upholstery of the plush sofas was velvet in burgundy and dark green .
she wore a well - cut , modest , light green knit top over a mid - length black skirt made of quality cloth .
faced with a tsunami of solid green .
rolling green stretched out into the horizon .
she was standing in the town green , with paper lanterns hanging in the trees all around her winking green and gold , and a make - shift hardwood dance floor had been carefully laid out in the parks center , and at its end on a dais sat nothing less than a small orchestra of about thirty or so .
all mammals on two wheeled devices will also be mandated to be wearing fluorescent lycra in either yellow green or pink .
first and foremost , the occ lighting system that manages to react from green to red in 0.04 seconds will now take a bit longer to get back to green .
the lava lite dark blue melted wax changed color to a shade of tropical green .
so , for those moms and dads who are weary of the battle of the greens , we offer these helpful suggestions : 1 .
she plucked from the tree its single fruit : a papaya , as green as evil , a garish green , wrinkled , shrivelled , uglyand poisonous .
there was , of course , the telltale smears of green on the wall .
even when he dipped into the shadows , i could see the neon green floating at a walking pace as he followed after me .
the dress brings out the green of her eyes and shows off her starved - for new figure .
dr . red lifted it above his head , grabbed another potion ( poisonous green ) , and said , ` ` one more chemical should do the trick .
its odd but ever since i made the decision to get rid of the green , i just ca nt bring myself to look at it .
you know its funny , but as soon as i told frank about how i just needed to get these walls painted , he agreed that the light green was starting to irritate him as well .
angle poise turned an admirable shade of green and scurried on ahead of polydoor , never once looking back to see if his new chum was following .
it turned back outside aunt hammerfist 's workshop , its eyes glowing a soft , hypnotic green , urging sandy on .
her stomach tightened as the warm grey tarmac gave way to the dirty green of nature .
he was a lava lamp , of course , but a subdued green and blue one , with just a touch of yellow , some crimson , a dab of purple , and a blotch of orange .
also , there were intriguing flecks of gold and black in the mossy green of his eyes .
dean gurgled and moaned from inside the costumenoises that strangely enough sounded like a squashed lizarduntil a second guard pulled off the green , scaly head .
the trees on the rolling hills changed from verdant green to melancholy shades of orange and brown .
the spacious hangar was empty , apart from a helicopter with an old , glass - bubble cockpit and a huge twin - engine plane painted olive green with twin tail rudders .
the passengers were escorted from the plane and into rusty white buses by brusque soldiers in olive green who broke every rule of gun safety .
the light will change to green .
the weapon had been painted in mottled green and brown .
a map of the world was then displayed with only verdant greens and clear - sky blues .
by afternoon , however , tom was pacing around the yard , pretending to admire ben 's progress at staining the cedar siding forest green , but really looking for a weekend - sized construction job .
` ` supposing , '' i said to ben , ` ` that i buy a shallow dish , the same green as the paint on the veranda ?
that green reminded nick of the green of fairways .
ilove green it was a cannabis statement !
they passed the last line of bars and small hotel , the towns unofficial boundary , and crossed over a hill into the protected reserve an area of beaches , volcanic cones and home to a network of natural caves and small bohemian community in search of ilove green , nicks estranged biological father .
do nt be seen with nick green !
he said , dropping next to konrad on the bed , they came with a note ; do nt be seen with nick green !
he s the biggest artist i ve ever attracted with enough influence to destroy me and my gallery if he wanted and all because of nick bloody green !
i do nt see nick green giving you any money .
and i ? i gave her this downcast , sorrowful look while i was laughing hollowly down at the hilarious and brilliant green below .
her entire wardrobe consisted of greens and blues .
? but , nevertheless , stiletto true was the baseball game , and los angeles brave the crystal - blue day , no other colors , buried in a bright , beautiful , sunny bottomless pit of depression hovering in the green under white located in ` ` graceland fields , '' the series of empty used - car weedy lots nestled ' mongst the ` ` upper forties '' of small and sophicated - with - bavarian charm rama - town , wa , usa , west hemi , terra gaia , former indiaola , in sasiparolles .
and , sara the g killed the most transvestites , her knife invisible , shaming you all , flashing , their heels clicking , praying to sears and penneys , but the paying audience in the stands were only paying / standing to attention , and they excepted the faked jackie robber 's sons of norway tons of phonie blood that was thrown to the i ca n't stands - it people up ' airs , in separately - wrapped boring , three - inch plastic tubes , hollywood - style , so 's you could see , in clumped handfuls , dozens , some frozen and blue , tossed by boole , damartain , sharone , caza , artie 's sitter and goneschlaw 's jeannie ontermeyer ( who became one four - armed and six - legged being to do it ) , and both that ever - popular alfie hitchcox and woods ` ` himself '' owlienda , painted brilliant green for st . pat 's overshoe spastics , came in with a cameo , like in their own movies but worse , and me , ( who ca n't swap genius or whatever favors blondes ) as me , showed up unsuffrageably too .
she used teeny metal finger cymbals , wore a flowing green sequined gown , and sport shiny persian slippers , imported strictly from taiwan .
this is the jack - in - the - green , a wooden framework covered with branches and leaves and moved by a boy concealed within , a typically jasonic appropriation of a traditional custom , in this case the chimney sweeps ' may day revels .
the thick , glossy foliage of the green drooped before her in slumbering menace .
at every step she expected the steel blades to flash out of the green and sink themselves into her exposed and helpless flesh .
on the drill bit were bits and pieces of the ubiquitous green , leafy substance of the seizure narratives .
i have red hair , blue eyes , a slight astigmatism in one eye , floating bits of turquoise green in the other and a nagging ingrown toe nail . ''
her hands were covered in weeping warts , which could exhibit twenty - eight shades of green , depending on her mood .
its the green of jade .
zarg turned back to his normal shade of green , a sense of calm co - operation washing over him .
beside him , quentin stared out the window at the touches of fresh green that spring had brought .
the whole island was spread before them : the browns and greens of the dukes forest to the north ; the red roofs charred by black chimneys to the south ; and the blues and browns of the three rivers flowing to the city gardens in the islands centre .
the car behind me suddenly honks to let me know that the traffic lights have changed to green .
what i was really looking out for was some way to remove the horrible green , glow - in - the - dark paint that still adheres to my teeth .
the one about the parkland being , sold to developers was signed by teresa green ( no relation ) .
born with eyes the color of the sea , green and mud , a dull roiling behind a semitranslucent screen .
but the stop light must have been listening to all the features that lou stooles was reciting , as it transformed its authoritative hue of brimstone red , into envious green that released the cars from idleness .
seattle in the green of greeneyess eyes ( although seattle had brown eyes ) , seattle in the literature major of barbiedolls academic studies , seattle in the appearance ( though not reality ) of iceprincesss way of holding herself , self - presentation , and mannerisms , seattle in springtimes carefreeness , alphas surgency , greeneyess cleverness , goats unfashionable fashionableness , thetas artsy - ness , leaf-1 , -2 , and -4s popularity ; and seattles age , seattles age , oh so delightful nineteen , in iota , iota above all , tears in eyes , remembrance for things passed , the girl who is lost and can never be recovered , the conceit that explains itself through self - presentation of its own self - conscious self , the love affair that is better because less is said , the confusing document that throws fifteen names out but only remembers one , seattle - theta - iota - goat - iceprincess - barbiedoll and sniper - akemi - tabun - eri , one hundred eighty japanese girls , one hundred eighty japanese girls , but this year no foreigners whatsoever , going in naked , going in alone , only what you can pull out of your own knapsack , a knife .
and big green wo nt let you ?
lets see if i can do it the way big green apparently wants it .
besides , coming back as scheduled with big green is free andi know you do .
most of the stuff we do at big green does nt end up with such drama .
i know i m no michael moore , but i think i do have some talent at bringing out people in interviews , and i have a lot of interests beyond those of big green .
yes , i m cherry from big green .
i was not about to drive in town with all these crazy georgian drivers who zoom through red lights , while often unexpectedly stopping at the green !
this is for him the gratification for all the hard work passed on the tables and for the hundreds of kilometres of footing around the paths in belgium , in the green and sweat .
the scent of orange blossoms is carried away as the orange turns to the blue green , which smells like it looks .
slender trees sprouted crowns of a lush green , fruits dangling like thorny baskets .
buffeted , he gripped the mane in both hands , its diaphanous strands slipping through his fingers , the horse running silently as its hooves did not strike the earth but whispered across it like a gloaming , its coming a motion that reduced the day to a blur of greens and browns .
the trees thinned as the distance unrolled and soon he was passing through lush meadow , vibrant greens and scintillating yellows , each of many hues and shades , the billowing grassland awash with scents and blooms , winged insects , the colour - heaped imagines of once lazy caterpillars .
jerian watched as flowers burst through the tumbled soil and stretched , unfolding leaves and fronds , petals in every shade to compliment the green of the meadow .
she shed her clothes and her age and holding the supple palm of his hand guided him back through the arch , the old man still at his task , for this was his keep , and she led jerian out amongst the bare rocks and displayed him to a third primary , a life - giving green .
she envied the long hazel strands of elises hair as they danced in the wind , the softness of her form , and the gentle green of her youthful eyes .
just as quickly as it appears , the moth disappears into the light as if it has been absorbed or has become part of the light which now has a faint glimmer of green in the core of its flame .
she had green eyes , strikingly , familiar green .
the green of the field , the darker green of the grandstand seats , the blue of the sky , and the colorful characters all around him join together , filling him with unforgettable wonder .
now her oxygen tank was red instead of green and the face mask was tinged a slight blue color , the color of emergency .
the shadows on the mountain were blue where snow lay and purplish - green where the green boughs of pines were exposed .
she had stopped her nightly walks after the incident with the painter , but she soon became as immersed in her garden , making a kind of painting of it the way she arranged the tomatoes , the marigolds , the yellow squash in with the pale or darker shades of green of lettuce and peas and potatoes .
despite her need for the green of trees and gardens , mary also was fascinated by the vast expanse of water and the broad sandy beaches along the gulf .
anyway , when you see the green coming up its very beautiful the way the rows contour around the hills .
they were men surrounded by the silica of files , by numbers and words in light green .
she stood there on the pavement of the county road in the gathering pools of the darkness and soft hush of the land waiting for night and looked at them , humans and horses , looking back at her from the fenceline and the green of acres of pasture , waiting .
the dark earth in the bright light of the afternoon sun and against the bold green of the surrounding grass was always what it would be for him now : it was a ribbon , beautiful and bold , a dark ribbon dancing in the wind .
once the bleeding had stopped , she gave sarah a tea of nettles and oatstraw and other weedy greens flavored with mint to rebuild her strength and told her to come back for more of the brew every day so she could keep an eye on her and make sure she was recovering .
one time when a lucky shot brought down a wood duck and he examined its red eye gone glassy and its shiny greens and bright whites and spotted rusty reds he understood the indians piety .
the walls were painted a sickly shade of green that donna had heard described as puke green .
the walls were painted a sickly shade of green that donna had heard described as puke green .
the walls were painted a dull green , the doors white .
myron , a green , did not .
i would nt dream of asking you to become a green .
white trees with black patches which ted said were birches shined radiantly while distant clumps of thick pine were a faded bluish - green the color of her favorite sweater .
last year i was in san francisco ( i am drawn there periodically ) and i did ride the bus and there was a blind woman and she was dressed in an odd collection of clothes that i m sure she had obtained from the salvation army and everything was green , different shades of green , a ruffled , child - like , summer weight , flowered skirt on a light green ground , a white blouse with an emerald green ribbon running through a bit of lace across the chest , solid green socks worn with dirty tennis shoes , a green cardigan sweater with a parade of red animals knitted into it under a dark green aviators style jacket , too many layers for the warm day but it can get suddenly cold in san francisco .
i became curious about what it meant to this exceedingly poor , possibly homeless , blind woman to go out all dressed in the color green and if she even knew about it .
outside every window were scenes of a thousand greens and a deep peace .
the trees and bushes , childishly modest in half - clothed green were picked out precisely by the crystal air .
natural light shivered under the blanket of striking shadows , of which stage show lights of garish reds , blues and greens lay at their feet in pools .
jennys husband , or boyfriend , or whoever he was , said , oh yeah , like the greens , jenny .
the grass in the front yard was an unhealthy looking brownish - green and it needed mowing .
there had been a sea of green only yesterday , but now there are big holes with dirt exposed .
the sun had dropped tree high , pausing in its descent upon this world of darkening greens , rising blackness , generating colour in the sky .
33 doctor mood peered out the high window at the forest green and dappled beneath , polished and sustained by water from the spent afternoons of once saturated clouds , their memories having overflowed .
renny 's gauche blouse , far from seeming vivid and out of place among the prevalent greens , lent morrison 's eyes a reassuring focus .
the blue globe and the green , fused together in a mute yellow , bobbed to his rear like a helium balloon on a string .
they ducked under a conveyor heavy with refuse , burdened with various relations of death , and found themselves , whether with eyes closed or open , in a place where many sets of steps converged , sweeping in a twisted downward helix , the red of each knotted stair transmuted via spectral deformation into greens and violets , ambers and blues , the mass effect a colour vortex , the floor as if melted and sunk , moulded through heat into a spiralling chimney of living metal .
the car was a beautiful deep forest green , but the hoodthe paint on the hood was completely cracked and stained .
the car had been painted an odd metallic pale green .
and why kathleen mccarthy , the redhead with botticelli features , the pointed nose , tall and graceful , with the perfect wardrobe consisting of 3 outfits in permanently wrinkled fabrics of muted green ?
the green , what little there was , was the bright green of mosses .
the green , what little there was , was the bright green of mosses .
everything was a blinding shade of white , except a small blotch of light green moving across his peripheral vision .
around the trunk of the misshapen tree , a sprinkling of wild flowers made a sharp contrast to the rolling green around it .
yellow shards of late afternoon sun cut through the green of the swamp maples and scrub oaks , the nearly black green of the twenty - foot high rhododendron and the canopy of sumac whose leaves had already begun to turn red from cooler nights .
yellow shards of late afternoon sun cut through the green of the swamp maples and scrub oaks , the nearly black green of the twenty - foot high rhododendron and the canopy of sumac whose leaves had already begun to turn red from cooler nights .
sponged up by the land rather than slowly simmered to a noxious sauce by heat trapped under dense jungle green .
as dilly raked the mocha icing of rotting autumn leaves from the dark brown dirt around the base of bushes , as she groaned to push filled wheelbarrows across the lumpy yard , as she lopped at dangling branches and unwove the web of bittersweet from its prey , she would look toward the window where bill was working to see the submarine green of his pulsing screen .
salvador grinned , his aura more relaxed and colored with light greens and yellows , as if he had won a point .
gails aura turned various colors as she talked , from light greens to blues to violets , a constant array of light , subdued colors .
salvadors aura suddenly brightened , their greens , reds , yellows , blues mixing like flames that burn hot and fierce .
his aura swirled in dull dark colors around his center , like flags waving in a breeze , then settled down to a smoothly moving outline in shades of reds , greens , blues .
he knows the dirt and the smell of green .
the sludge and the green and the night filling his nostrils .
the lights flickered to green , to yellow , to red , and then back to green .
mona braided her hair with neon orange beads between random locks , and peacock feathers dangled around her earlobes in vibrant shades of green and violet .
at last there visited an earl , who wore fabrics of forest green he brought a satchel full of coins of the likes that was seldom seen .
the wallpaper butted up against wooden molding , creating a very interesting contrast between the yellow - and - white stripes of the wallpaper and the base green on the walls .
unlike the dark green that had been the theme downstairs , however , the walls of the bedroom were painted a pale yellow , and green - and - white striped wall paper ran partially up the wall before butting up against more laboriously constructed and polished wooden molding .
undoubtedly still creating pure magic , thought miles , remembering again the first time he had seen a room full of hobson greens magnificent moving sculptures .
hobson greens work , his art , had done far more than ignite a youthful passion in him .
and to do that i need to get over to fern grove to try and recapture some of the impetus born of magic that hobson greens work has always instilled in me .
khalis arrived in the basement a tad out of breath , coming upon his fellow team members working silently in the dark , their night - vision goggles glowing soft green as they moved about the room .
chapter 8 cathedrals i ve seen a room filled with a dim light , tainted by the stains on the windows , stains that make them beautiful with shades of reds and greens , stains that permit only those beams of light deemed aesthetic .
snow capped himalayas rise on all sides of the lake , descend from grey to brown to green .
the turtles plastic shell diffused the light , making everything a pale green .
and in the sun visor mirror , ricardo noticed his own eyes were a different color green .
his eyes were more of a dark forest green , darker than the usual pale green he had seen in the mirror all of his life .
his eyes were more of a dark forest green , darker than the usual pale green he had seen in the mirror all of his life .
but ricardos eyes were green , that dark forest green , and he looked haunted .
the eyes , abyss deep and muddied green .
she sank back into herself , buried under the dull green .
the banks are never closedauto - money that is what it is nowonlinego to the supermarket tomorrow when the - banks would all no doubt be open again and shelves and cash - machines re - filled like the fuel - stopsand cards and online banking re - commenceagain : after all , they are not going to want to lose business he said outloud and to himself : i get paid so that they get paid and they pay people like me to pay the prices to pay them back and so it goes around ... everything - costs to no - one else thereexcept the tv screen : basics : staples - foodstuffs ... health and social - care ... education ... markets back in the black ... from the red ... blues and yellows and greens flashed across the screen on the t.v .
obviously middle class , well - manicured lawns , cookie cutter colonial and split ranch style houses with cream or white colored vinyl siding and black , forest green or rust colored shutters on the sides of each downstairs window .
watched the frozen panic of the brown animals , heads and antlers etched against the undulating green , watched the tail of the cat moving slowly from side to side creeping closer .
instead she sat down , and for a while seemed to study the coarsely woven table cloth that covered the center of the low glass table top with its blues , and whites , and greens , and reds .
he looked from the door to the ceiling to the light fixture and again wondered how on earth they kept it clean , well obviously they do nt , but then the ceiling , and the fixture with it , slipped again and began to rise , higher and higher , into a green , then into a more distant green as he fell back asleep .
he looked from the door to the ceiling to the light fixture and again wondered how on earth they kept it clean , well obviously they do nt , but then the ceiling , and the fixture with it , slipped again and began to rise , higher and higher , into a green , then into a more distant green as he fell back asleep .
the ceiling , fluorescent light fixtures alternating with short expanses of green , rushing by .
they turned right , more rubber against linoleum , now running down another , similar corridor , the green , the fixtures the same .
the greens completed their journey , and harry finished working the bite .
one exclusively of apples , four of them on a table top ; one of a mixture of oranges , bananas , grapes , with four bearded wheat heads in a green what looked like ( but probably was nt meant to look like ) plastic bowl ; the one behind her of grapes , both green and purple , two oranges and a glass pitcher of water .
its blue blue overhead and green green all around and i do nt have a care i do nt think so with two feet to guide me and this wonderful springtime still a splattering of snow on the north side of the grove could it be no i was mistaken its not snow its something else and how could i have thought snow its may after all nearly june .
no , not as vast as the now approaching hostby such comparison of hardly any size at allbut vast they were for all that : wings when spread in flight spanned a fair sized forest ( youngling ) or several fair sized forests ( elder ) ; feathers the bluest blue , the reddest red , the greenest green , and the finest of silver , feathers like plumed javelins and as deadly should it come to that .
its green , she said .
in flight now , or perched upon the roof of the earth , harry could not really tell , his wings spanning the mountain , feathers the bluest blue of its own blue light , the reddest red of its own red light , the greenest green of its own green light , and the finest of silver alive .
we would laugh about it afterwards , i thought , about this horrid food and the colourless house with its furniture so awkwardly placed , and my mothers shift dress , olive green which made her look ill .
i was going to head off , away from the mud and sea , through the patches of gorse to the trees where the green seemed more brilliant against the dark grey of the laden clouds .
greens and reds and blues and yellows rose up to sing for him .
i was thinking a soothing green maybe ?
i was about to exhibit me in one spectacular '' minced green '' of avant - garde : basil , sage , mint , olives , rucola .
hers picked up the green of sunlight filtered by forest , translucent hazel jewels that produced a catching in his breathing .
their point , in garish blues , greens , bloody red seemed to be that there was some kind of beautify to be expected in the portrayal of violent death .
carolyn studied marthe , her graying hair standing out from the dark green and pink of the rose bush behind her , her eyes now a shade of darker blue , the black flecks more prominent .
outside my garden apartment , the green of the shrubs and trees and the shroud of rain pouring down seemed like a separate , uncontrollable reality .
the collard greens .
she was very good ; it only took a few minutes for her to have a small and colorful , full bodied self - portrait , drawn with the same green as her dress that she had on .
her eyes were an olive green , flecked with tan - and - chocolate specks .
being so close to her he could now see the green of her eyes and he knew she was attracted to him too .
soldiers with swords that shone in sea greens and blues filled the room and stood to attention .
leaves covered the trees in the russets ; reds , pale yellows and faded greens of autumn ; hugh huddled into his old greatcoat to shield him from the chill breeze as squirrels darted hither and thither collecting stores of nuts ready for the forthcoming winter .
two red , two brown , one green ; knots were tied into certain places , sometimes next to each other , sometimes far apart .
the courtyard was surrounded by the manor 's four sides which were bordered with a moat ; higgledy - piggledy black and white walls rose above the moat and were topped with roofs covered in pink fluted tiles , across the drawbridge spanning the moat extended a perfectly flat green .
chapter 1 david fuller gazed through the kitchen window across the pasture to the deep green of the tree line beyond .
the water was a deep shade of opaque green .
the grass grows a vivid green , each blade sharp and distinct , sunlight slicing with utmost clarity and precision through the gaps of the trunks and branches .
and the green of nature looks so beautiful peering through it as i peer out .
he shrugged as though being asked why he liked the color red more that the color green .
the red houses are the executives and managers , of course , the green are the technicians and the blue are the blue collar workers .
just count twelve greens and the next blue is me . ''
and the leaves ; never had he seen such a veritable forest of soft , fragrant green .
it was a mere pinprick of black and in another place in time , it might have been conceived of as a pinprick in the surface of a small pillow of silken green perhaps and immediately dispatched to some neural outback of residual memory as an event of little or no significance .
it was another aaron green .
at least , i went to elementary school with an evelyn green .
they went nuts when bernadette-2 came out , and then again when evelyn green made her entrance .
she wanted the clone line of evelyn green to be something that all evelyn greens could cherish and feel good about that together they had all lived as individuals , but as a group could forgive the others imperfections , atone for past mistakes , and share in their accomplishments .
she wanted the clone line of evelyn green to be something that all evelyn greens could cherish and feel good about that together they had all lived as individuals , but as a group could forgive the others imperfections , atone for past mistakes , and share in their accomplishments .
the once - red barns were in similar disrepair , not painted in ten or twenty years , many tumbling down and all of them faded to gray and supplanted by stark white buildings of precast aluminum , while the mottled fields had dulled to the uniform green of corn and soybeans .
this one , however , was wooden , warm , painted a forest green .
he had short , brown hair and his eyes were a dark forest green .
my poor , tired eyes , they peer blankly like the great stones of this clerics cell ancient and hard , a random glistening of moisture , a hint of green .
the trees traded their green for bright shades of gold and russet , and then finally nakedness .
the green of the annuals yet still hid away , and the smell of dust and smoke mingled with the pungent hubris of early springs boasting all across creation .
she had taken extra care to pin up her hair just so , and was sure to wear christians favorite dress that brought out the green in her hazel eyes .
here and there the walls turned in on themselves and enclosed a small pointless reedy patch of green ; some poor islanders pride and joy ; a symbol of the futile hope of the poor .
the sun was now shining almost horizontally onto its peaty slopes and the chocolate browns and virgin greens condensed into a brilliant canvas .
the low light of the rising sun cast yellow hues on the shadowy greens of the mountain peat .
in this semidarkness , ground ferns were predominant , a profusion of greens and browns , studded across the raw umber of the earth .
i could see only the deep green of a bottomless shaft of light .
the fields are luxuriant a deep green .
gibbs and green shuffled away towards the central station , discussing where the blame lay for the dismal outcome .
at three - twenty - five the double doors burst open and a bed surrounded by figures dressed in theatre green came trundling in .
melanie was tolerating greens verbal treacle .
yes , well it really got on greens goat .
taking note of the advice , i took up the desired body position , fixing my gaze on greens mouth .
i watched dazed as boy wonder trounced greens question about management of an asthmatic patient in respiratory failure .
on the way back , i noticed the light on in greens office .
i could hear greens breathing and his fingers tapping on a computer keyboard .
overhead , gaps with hazy afternoon sky , were like scattered marks of paint , under an over - painting of multilayered greens .
plastic in reds , blues , greens , yellows , pinks , and tans .
i wonder where she found a marker in such a subtle green .
from behind the green door appeared the puffy cheeks and soft hands of one of my best clients , ste - phen green .
over a million pounds of mustard in eight months , a half a penny could make the difference , a difference that reminded me of ste - phen green .
alone with the winter light reflected off the moist green of the lawn , alone waiting for the furniture buy - er , surrounded by hollow chests and empty drawers , more than moving out i was moving in but in reverse .
jon looked back into the green in monroes eyes and a relaxation flooded through jons vessels .
the drab browned land started to green .
but now , the oaks , towering and beginning to green , filled the space in - between .
he could see the oaks take to their full green .
the oaks still hung onto seldom browned leaves and had yet to bud with yellows and greens .
once he was well down the path , he could see the weaved web of browns and greens of the small forest until an orange glow beamed from out ahead .
the light changed over to green and a chorus of horns beeped behind him .
his gray eyes met the green in her own .
he looked into a blur of green that he knew were laurens eyes .
the green of the trees .
jon watched the trees on the mountainside shine bright greens off the red sun cresting up over the valleywhere cows stood in groups of threes or fours or fives , near the trees and near the post and rail .
the leaves turned and twisted this way and then thatshifting from silver to green in a wave cascading from tree to tree along the mountainside before crashing into the shores of golden wheat in the valley .
he looked out the window over the sink where he could see the lush green of oaks and of sycamores swimming in the wind .
to the third green , finished lamplighter , placing his own digit down in the bottom left corner of the illustration .
just off to their right the long thin green of the fifteenth curled around the edge of the lake .
the effect of the green , swirling wallpaper , combined with the crushed velvet cushions in a variety of bold , primary colours , all blurred together by a rainbow of light spewing forth from a rotating globe that looked to be constructed from nothing more than a plastic ball full of holes and covered in coloured cellophane , made maggie want to vomit .
` ` what are the greens ? ''
the sun was fading , bleaching the landscape into various shades of gray and murky greens .
to add even more uniqueness stu added the tiniest amount of green before transferring the paint to a can .
he faced north seeing past green but parched trees to the red rock snow canyon state park .
green eye like jade sparkling green not some dull dun swamp shade but such an arresting vermillion a color to draw you in to drown you in looking in and falling through rings of green into an inky black pool those eyes those irresistible eyes and that hair that silk blond hair like liquid like gold flowing never broken always whole a shimmering mass like a living thing caressing pale shoulders whispering to the wind with a voice all its own .
green eye like jade sparkling green not some dull dun swamp shade but such an arresting vermillion a color to draw you in to drown you in looking in and falling through rings of green into an inky black pool those eyes those irresistible eyes and that hair that silk blond hair like liquid like gold flowing never broken always whole a shimmering mass like a living thing caressing pale shoulders whispering to the wind with a voice all its own .
the girls skin looked like aged copper after the ashy green begins to congregate on the metal .
cedric took in his surroundings , modern buildings painted in obscene peaches , pinks and light greens lined either side of the street ; a small park was situated between the large street where they walked and a gutter .
the pink lights changed to green which gave an evil glow to everything .
each wooden door of the garage was painted one of the colors of the famous automobile marques : ferrari red , british racing green , bugatti blue , mercedes silver and alpha romeo yellow .
the spires of the huge white pines thrusting soft green into the blue sky seemed to be a living parthenon .
later that night , when tom and amanda sat at the piano and sang louis armstrongs wonderful world , it was clear they were both having difficulty seeing the trees of green and the red roses too .
the moss was already a brilliant green on the fallen trees and thick old granite faces .
countless shades of green in unfolding spring leaves filled the many peninsulas over the sapphire blue water , sapphire water below an indigo sky .
her heavy wool suit too is not of the fond reds , greens or yellows of my autumn memories , but more like a childs experiment , the kind where you try to invent a new colour by combining the whole palette , but only ending up with nothing , a putrid slur of visual disquietude .
surrounded by the cosmopolitan greens of the decor , the blazing colour of ones shirt is more representative of the colour pumping through each wrist and temple .
i love the green of yours and be safe in the knowledge that i did see them .
they slowly turn from poppy reds , straw yellows and verdant greens to slick mud browns and dirty wet greys the nearer to the front you get .
i looked into the deep green of his eyes and felt my disappointment taking a back seat to the love i felt for him .
lemon yellow , in light application , crumbled over cacti pads and finished subtle changes to the green hues , the beautiful soft greens that splashed everywhere .
the yellow of certain rocky walls sat well over the reds in other soils and combined with the sky to create , in threads , other interesting dull greens .
the deep saturated chestnut on the trunk of a palo verde and the lovely , dull greens gave way to delightful ocher sand .
sepias and umbers , cadmium red and cadmium orange dribbled by on boulders , the lichen on them adding lovely chalky greens and neutral and cool grays with pale yellows added .
we turned onto another ridge and my world spooled out light cadmium yellow , mostly from the papery flower heads of the desert marigold , and mashed it into the greens and the grays of lichen on the rocks ; it mingled with orange and greenish black into the olive tones of these different palo verde tree trunks and the russet raspberry stain which dribbled aimlessly over the faces of the rocky road cut .
i tried to remember the pattern of turned prickly pear pads which formed half - moon shadows and deep inky patches , the warm violet and indigo shadow loops all interlaced with the pale greens of the pads themselves .
it seems to me as though the whole world of important art , of everything beautiful , resides where there is abundant , traditional green .
the green was like something i had seen only days before , yet i could nt remember what it was that i had seen and remembered , a tree , a leaf , perhaps i wondered , had something like that scared me ?
it was the same green , the precise shade in fact , as the awful globular eyes of that terrible prying woman that we had seen and spoken to at the rodeo parade .
a handful of crocuses and daffodils just the pale green stems not the flowers yet had poked through the thawed soil in a flower pot next to the bakery .
her vision is poor , but she sees the green of trees , and some bright reds that might be fuchsia or hummingbird sage .
then a tiny shock of green , the small plants that somehow found water .
i had it on about two cups of mixed greens .
outside under the fresh heavenly dew and everywhere already the green of the grass and of the foliage of the trees and bushes had sprouted up .
close by was the lake , rippling under the electronic sun while mirroring the green of the surrounding hills .
the colors melted into each other with unfailing detail , and we could almost hear the oceans call if we looked deep enough into where the green faded into the reflection of an unseen setting sun .
tiny blades of grass and fern emerged from her paintbrush , multiplying across the darkened area in a gradual wave of green .
soon there was no sign that there had ever been a fire , the garden of green around me so plush i felt i could just lay in it forever .
streams flowed into lakes , the fields of lush green expanded to the horizon , and deer grazed on leafy bushes .
the men in black lava lavas and white shirts and the women in their long white dresses and broad - brimmed hats contrasted with the deep greens , scarlets and yellows alongside the road .
eventually the defective door buzzer croaked , and two paramedics came thumping up the stairs , looking like twins in their medical greens .
staring into the deep green of the treetops ruth had the odd sensation that she was looking not down but up , toward a limitless and textured green sky , into which the woman had somehow flown .
around me , when immediately entering , windows glared in lush tree green .
they were bare now ; it was the fashion to dance in the archery dress , without the jacket ; and her simple white cashmere with its border of pale green set off her form .
i had even left out the name of the magazinefabulous urban green livingin the hopes of impressing her .
everyone was busy planning the party that walter had announced , whispering about the change in direction of the magazine , which all welcomed with open arms except one boy on the editorial team , who was particularly fond of his green on the street profiles .
the sleeping josh perceived rapid movement , a kind of meteors rush across the sky trailing sparks and globs of fire , black space above , a blur of mottled greens and browns below , endless blue to either side .
the soft dawn light bathed the entire room in a delicate , almost ethereal glow , tinged in the green of new foliage just unfurled , paused here between the memory of death and the promise of new life .
and rest came in a vision of a sloping treeless hillside in full morning sun , succulent spring grass bright and inviting green beneath the crisp blue sky , the gentlest brush of a breeze , the scent of spring flowersviolets , lilacs .
but seeing as he was here , he decided to just go for it : he squeezed paint directly onto the canvas - greens , blues and reds for the overgrown allotment , yellows for the abandoned buildings and various blues for the sky .
once , in class , he was staring at the chalk board when suddenly he was overwhelmed with it as a two - dimensional block of dark green .
he could remember forests , what forests were the green on the chalkboard base was the same that would fill his vision if he would stand among the trees around the tree house near sunset when the light that shone through the leaves cast that same dark green into his eyes .
at seeing guy he jested , so , guy , you finally made it into mrs greens pants yet ?
are you all right , mrs green ?
no , mrs green .
the valley looked peaceful , strikingly ablaze with sizzling pinks , stimulating blues , elegant electric greens , plus all - accompanying sunbeam yellows with a smart sporty feel , and gone forever here it seemed were the big citys basic beiges .
the flag on the green stood beyond the flowers and snow - melt lake .
black and olive green .
he had no need to pause at the lights , they changed to green as he approached and he cruised straight across .
the next day , he told me i was a brownish green that reminded him of the muddy catawba river after a spring storm .
the scramble of heavenly grays and greens that i had seen on my way with the old ladies out to saguaro monument on the day peg made me promise to be the one to find all the deserts treasures ?
more , she feels him ripping at her with his probing greens , trying to see through her clothes , see her naked .
takes her eyes and gives her his : twin gleams , life - flushing greens , verdant .
the hour being dinner , so they went into the kitchen ... began breading soy - chops , chopping greens and reds peppers , some carrots , some nuts , composing a hearty spinach salad ... then , thawed out some flash !
the lava solidified into more pieran alien piersilver - green in color , more like like stone than wood .
it rose well beyond the beautiful fountain just in front of her , and beyond the very interesting , ornate , romanesque buildings in the immediate foreground , surrounding the square ; it rose silver - green into the sky , rising and rising , thrusting through puffy white clouds , triangulating to infinity itself the spire seemed on top of her , so close was it .
piles of white rubble stood where grand buildings once did ; the green of the hillside was gone , replaced by barren gray - brown dirt , hard and cracked and lifeless , with patches of oily black here and there .
as the leaves matured , as they became brittle , as they fell , that light flooded through their forms , washing the burnt green away .
somehow the shadow of his body could nt touch the smiling green of his eyes , which seemed to glow of their own light .
the drivers had to hold their positions until the leader took the green , but after that , it was anything goes .
it was a plaid of blues and greens , the kind he had worn for years .
julia was flushed and beautiful in a pale green , fluttery dress .
morning green , you are a fool to think any man can control such magic .
born outside the valley , the last of the rain priests to have been so , morning green would always be an outlander .
morning green shoved her arm away .
but morning green was not like other men .
only morning green recognized those things as omens , preordaining his victory .
to morning green , this meant overthrowing tired old customs , especially the goddess - worship that had given women far too much power for far too long .
its like before the heat come on and the green withered up .
we crest the last hill before the slip down to the road where the green is so thick through the fences it feels like you hid from the world .
she leaned forward towards me , her hair falling off her shoulders and breasts to drop incurtains of green in front of her .
freedom from the reds , the blues and the greens !
it is this spurious debate which divides the two wings of political opinion : the reds and greens on the one side and the blues and blacks on the other .
parties like the reds and the greens do nt have the smallest chance there .
is that because you wanted the whites or the greens to win ?
a neatly trimmed forsythia had finished blooming and was now thinly covered in bright green .
thinking about it , he felt even the color green seemed especially right ( as opposed to any other color that was nt red , blue or yellow ) , possibly crucial .
had his eyes always been that shade of forest green ?
floating that short stretch of the clackamas offered the geography of the world , it seemed then rocky cliffs , sandy shore , low valley of horses there , bank of river rocks here , then clay plateaus , then overlooks with majestic houses and , in - between , trees and trees with moss on trunks , the high noon sun painting it all in vivid browns , greens , grays and blues .
out by my house , clackamas town center was about to change a loose two - lane network of sleepy fringe suburbs , farmland and woods into a supersized morass of chain mall , road improvement and mini - mansion that would scrape the green from the hills and , in the end , seduce even old isolationist happy valley .
things got so bad at one point that greens own cousin , the companys chief financial officer , had to turn against him .
dick swanson poked his head out from his room and yelled , bradley green !
it was a no - brainer for lundy to sell to green , who he called one of my best customers .
although the name green seemed to fit brads previous lifestyle and corporate image , using his given name definitely helped set the wheels in motion toward feeling whole again .
many times iliff sensed that he was being watched and would turn expecting to see stag , but there was only the dense green of the forest .
but it was not the mystical green of adraminas eyes or the burgeoning green of the forest .
but it was not the mystical green of adraminas eyes or the burgeoning green of the forest .
this green appeared dark , almost black .
in the ford explorer , its hunter green , the most popular color of the ford explorer in the 90s someone told me once , not sure if i believe them , i stumbled onto this vehicle because of its utility , not because of its gas mileage , i m afraid the whole shebang might give in soon , making me reconsider those utility / gas mileage options .
next he slipped on tight fitting insulated white cotton underwear that was nt gi issue before he finished getting dressed in his tailored marine corp greens while he talked .
there were no creases in his greens nor spit shine on his black air force issue jump boots though they were blackened .
but his greens were pressed and his boots spit shined .
at first dan saw the green of patches of what he figured were rubber plantations then the fresh green of rice paddies with the shiny blue of water reflected here and there between the plants .
at first dan saw the green of patches of what he figured were rubber plantations then the fresh green of rice paddies with the shiny blue of water reflected here and there between the plants .
dressed in freshly washed red stained camouflage jungle fatigues wearing jungle boots which were more red than their original green with black leather .
he was in need of a haircut by seabee standards and his greens look like they had been worn for several days .
the bays water was clean , a blueish green and smelled of the sea .
the door of the thatch roofed hooch opened and a medium height , sandy haired figure in seabee greens stepped out of the hooch .
the urgency in mr greens voice was enough to remove any further doubts .
it went from a smooth shiny green at the outer ends to a dull rough umber near the middle .
i ' m rather partial to kelly green , and forest green would be okay .
the colours of the fruit and the fresh greens of the vegetable stand , were like splashes of paint wildly thrown onto an already colour- saturated canvas .
i rubbed my nose against the stalks and their rough leaves and smelled the green of the chlorophyll and the salt of the sea .
the view was as beautiful as you could get - the sea a cool blue with the odd white wavelet breaking over exposed rocks , the framing effect of the cliffs with their deep greens and browns cast darker shadows at the water 's edge , the sky now had white frumpy clouds slowly sailing across the infinite of space .
the dark greens of the leaves , the graceful twists of tree trunks , the lack of traffic noise or harsh angles of those seventies style buildings all combined to make this a soothing walk .
i found my tiny new cell phone and then the tinier green send button and pushed .
the interior of the building was painted bilious green and wafted the odour of ammonia disinfectant , boiled cabbage and urine .
he said , ` ` you think they bikini - wax the greens to get them trimmed this close ? ''
i said , ` ` i do n't know anything about greens . ''
their leaves would be a lighter , brighter shade of green for the next several weeks .
haugen , breathing heavily , pulled at the edges of her light green , knitted suit jacket .
* * * back in segovia , greens report created a dilemma for captain hughes and sergeant clark .
his eyes were sharp enough to see the tuft of green that stood up from the brown earth and he realized that she was planting something on the bed of the tujunga wash . beautyman went back to his car before she had a chance to look up and spot him .
dianne smiled as she thought about his considering her up on fashion ... it said that he like the way she dressed ... in a roundabout way it was a compliment ... not that she had to fish for compliments from berry ... he was always quick to point out this or that thing that he like about her ... she was thinking that is was different then most of the men she had known ... most of them barely recognized she was there let alone notice something like that ... well they say that stripes are out ... they tend to vibrate on a tv set ... and the combination of red and blue does nt work well on tv ... the two colors seem to cause a flicker effect ... and if you re going to be on a green screen , you know one of those tv tricks where they superimpose a background image over the people ... like the pictures or the weather maps on the news ... you should nt wear green , because that s the color they use to blend the backgrounds with ... anything that shade of green will not be visible ... that d look great ... your head with no body ...
arrow came along the sidewalk of the complex , wearing a tailored pantsuit some shade of dark green and carrying a new - looking overnight bag .
she wore a blouse and a skirt ; both had some green in them .
swathed in a sea of white sheets , richard looked ghastly , his skin tinged an odd green .
plus , vibrant green was one of my best colors .
a rush of water and steam covered the bag , dying the water a pale green .
a knitting project , a blanket done in cream and shades of green , was lying on top of the bed .
the surroundings were pleasant , with a contemporary mural of the seacoast covering one of the walls , and the rest of the dcor done in restful blues , beige , and greens .
it was several miles off , but i could distinctly see a small dark dot against the dull green and gray .
miles of endless green virtually drugged them into doldrums .
the office was small , about as commodious as a freight elevator and not any prettier with walls of plaster over brick painted a mousy - green , or maybe the walls were just dirty green .
a globe , shaped like a big egg with a little cap on top , was atop a baroque , cast - iron pole painted dark green .
it might have been odd in some place like new york , but in portland , a flourishing garden was a sign of upper class green - mindedness .
he titled the site up to see that the green was actually the shirt of the man he spotted before .
long rivulets of blood flowed down her hanging arms , dripping off her charm bracelet onto the deep rich green of the lawn .
the greens , blues and reds winked with unexpected brightness under the lights .
she wiped her finger across it and some of the green came off .
they re completely crispy now , but when i first found them they seemed the same shade of green as that stuff that i found inside his house .
first , we d need a lab analysis to verify that the green is from deathcamas .
the green was much more vivid than what shed seen on the envelope with the will in it .
in cantones room she did nt find any trace of the green .
i could nt see the green in his house .
she spent two hours vigorously scrubbing away the traces of green , hoping the scientific tests would back up her intuition .
both frames had faint smudges of green on the edges .
the green sloped toward him .
the green sloped down to collection areas on either side .
dave had not forgotten kens advice about reading the grain in the green .
agbus thumb depressed the green , send button and he braced himself for the explosions and the chaos that would follow .
i shot him three times in the chest before he could depress the green , send button .
most of the color in the roombrilliant yellows , palmetto greens , and fuchsiacame from fresh cuttings of local plants and flowers .
its whitewashed boards stood in stark contrast to the green of the forest surrounding it .
i looked around in the fading light , taking in the rolling waves as they broke over the reef twenty yards away , the curve of the shoreline as it folded into the two miles of white sand around cape bay , and the green of the palm tree tops extending down the beach toward the hills of the rainforest .
reds and greens and silver and gold , and shades of blue aided in lighting up the room , and the joy they felt masked the trauma they had experienced just three nights ago .
i favored knee - length dresses in navy or forest green , colors which hid the coffee and food stains i inevitably collected .
hurtled into the darkness , he disappeared * * * * chapter 1 small town dust almost thirty years later headlights burned through the patchy morning fog as the forest green 4x4 drove into town .
it was an eerie green , but other than that the technology was excellent .
things we know alan bradley and chet green staked out hendersons house .
alan bradley and chet green came down the hill and into the barn .
alan bradley and chet green proceeded to obstruct justice .
he could nt let green take too much time to think before responding , otherwise he may clam up and the interrogation would be over .
all he got was half a license plate and could nt tell if the car was black , navy , brown , or dark green .
that 's the way it should be , just a little farther up , lying in limpid pools amid the cool green .
the walls , where not covered by cork - board and papers , were painted an institutional green .
joey struggled to free some coins from his pocket and dropped them in the man 's hand as the light changed to green .
when he was done , he had twenty pounds of glass in a box and a wall that showed a bullet hole nearly centered in an un - sunfaded rectangle of pastel green .
eric , his complexion an unhealthy shade of green , had parked his butt against the fender and was rubbing his eyes with the thumb and index finger of one hand .
it opened instantly to reveal a woman dressed in flowing silk or soft wool in reptilian greens and light browns .
if they d made the turn on the red light , he would have grabbed a car and gone after them , but it was getting on toward the rush hour for city - bound traffic , and any driver is apt to make a mistake and turn on the yellow light instead of the green .
the wind that had been so hot all day became a cool breeze by the water that looked like liquid marble , mottled in greens and browns .
would nt blame you if you were , felicity added quietly , amusement dancing in the heather green of her eyes .
through the black trunks of trees , leaves of green , over rocks and plants , he was alone .
chapter nineteen standing in front of the golden rock , nick scanned the abundance of trees , the trunks black sticks against a backdrop of sea green .
other than the shimmer of sunlight through the jungle of green , she saw nothing .
chapter 4 i sat back , enjoying the ride , watching the intense green of the fields in spring roll past my window while the clean , fresh , country air rolled in the window .
the major was dressed in army class a attire , commonly called greens .
pinks and greens , music , and a parade of the beautiful people , both straight and gay .
i was halfway up the garden path when a drizzle started , making the long grass shiny green , and the sky took on a thick purple cast .
they were the same brilliant green as moms , but without the scrutiny .
the bright oranges , greens and yellows made my head hurt and i was nt crazy about the plastic palm trees either .
it was empty and smelled like simple green , the industrial cleaner that dad used to clean the bottom of his shoes after a nasty crime scene .
' it was very low , dark green , a sports coupe .
its green with a big brown reindeer pattern .
he loved the island , and the contrasts ; the mountains and the sea ; the lush green of the rainforests and the barrenness of the heights .
high - contrast greens , golds , and dark browns made mesa think of an andrew wyeth exhibit she had seen once at the smithsonian .
the stones were so dark a green that they seemed to absorb light instead of reflecting it .
before she knew it the entire cheerleading squad had gathered around her followed by principal green .
she had no idea how close they had gotten to actually getting into it when she heard a familiar voice ring out from inside the locker rooms : the voice of principal green .
kaitlyn did not want to be caught making out in school with tom by principal green because he would surely cancel her classes .
dressed in my favorite green plaid pajamas and a white robe , no makeup and crazy bed - head hair , i was certain my complexion emanated its own peculiar shade of complementary green .
` ` anyway , along with roy , you can also have , say , turquoise or peach and blues from royal to cerulean , spring greens , forest greens .
` ` anyway , along with roy , you can also have , say , turquoise or peach and blues from royal to cerulean , spring greens , forest greens .
translucent reds and oranges against dull , dense greens .
chapter 23 friday , july 22 the canvas of rich corals and greens was propped inside his screen door .
it really was quite a sight , with the delicate white petals over the sea of darker green .
she could see the small gold flecks in the green , the sure curve of his chin , and it came to her suddenly , strongly .
he ran his hands up her lithe , impossibly long legs , sweeping up under the ceremonial robes of green , keeping his lips and eyes locked on hers each and every second , never breaking the primitive rhythm their bodies had begun to exert .
she allowed him to bathe and oil her in the traditional samhain female scent of apples and dress her in the proper robes of green , then held out her hand to him like a queen .
add to that , the east windows blackout curtains pulled back to reveal towering trees every shade of green .
i hungrily soak in the various greens of leaves and moss , the blacks and grays of rock and stone , the whites and blues of mountain runoff raging downstream .
milling around in their uniforms , the runners added more splashes of color to the scenereds , yellows , blues , oranges , greens and purples .
he s not so unusual , bruce said , as long as you re not freaked out by the color green .
when it comes to wints wardrobe , the color green really is forever , he jested to kip .
you look like something i deposited on this trail a few miles back , but at least you re not a tablet of soylent green yet , he said to wint .
* * * once past key west , they entered the florida straits , the water growing deeper , the color turning from light green to aquamarine to cobalt blue .
its raymond green , said randy .
the woman , dressed in white , wore a funny little cap with something written on it in hospital green .
in a cotton print dress colored in blues and greens she neither looked like the woman at the temple nor the one pickett had met the night before .
behind the green , they were red , too .
she returned with a heavy white ceramic cup labeled krispy krunch in hospital green .
and the plastic tag on her collar which , in white lettering on the same green , said : millie .
pickett followed him in the mirror , finishing his greens .
you missin de old days when you was rollin in sweet green and the best whiskey money could buy ?
i planned to stop in greens mill , alabama , at a brand new bed and breakfast called the delight of the south .
in daylight , there s a hint of green , but i ca nt see it now .
the crowd near the stage is getting riled up and i steer donna to a spot outside the floodlit area where its dark enough i ca nt see the green of her scrubs .
there was just a little light from the streetlights over on 6th street and i walked over to the baler and i could make out the color of the cans , the bright ones anyway , the green of the sprite cans .
the edges of the lawn were a beautiful watercolor of yellows , crimsons , and fading greens created by the virginia creeper which billowed there .
he should have known better than to be in those woods in the middle of hunting season , dressed in forest green .
her skin was smudged with blacks , greens , and reds .
gracy wore a green , flowing dress .
the sun was low in the western sky and the blue green was flecked with ripples of diamonds and gold .
the walls were painted in that sickly color of green that these places buy by the container load .
pink or red i could see , but this thing was a grayish green .
the plaid green , red , and blue vividly clashes with the ivory linens on her bed and dark brown wooden armoire holding her clothes .
the gown decorates in a bright puke green like mouth vomit .
her mama ordered the seamstress to dye the white expensive satin into a lovely shade of mint green , instead got this monster .
then your mama spanked your butthole with an alligator belt colored in a bright puke green .
it was iridescent green .
our golden years were a tarnished green .
his dilated eyes shone a faint green at the edges of his saucer like pupils .
everything else disappeared , except the sound and natalia in her shiny hunter green , strapless gown .
baileys voice stopped greens hand an inch before johnnys face .
since you do nt like greens questioning , why do nt you tell us the story from the beginning ?
there johnny stood in a freshly pressed black suit that emphasized the green of his eyes , making katherines skin tingle .
then she was back at greens car .
once again , her breath caught at the beauty of this place until she checked her rearview mirror and saw greens black car pop into view for the nth time .
they approached to see the latter leaning , weight relaxed against the side of greens car , drinking from a thermos .
one was of a brightly colored mug with muted reds , greens , and yellows .
they are available in yellow , blue , black , gray , and dark green .
the canopy of dark hemlock far overhead , the rows of trunks rising like pillars around us , and beams of yellow sunlight tinged with green cutting the air and patterning the brown forest floor ... .
the walls had been painted a light hospital green a long time ago , as well as a lot of other things , probably more to use up the paint than to colour - coordinate the place .
an old but immaculate hamilton - beach milkshake maker almost matched the green .
the light changed to green .
no , he probably just grabbed the first things he saw , which in the dimness of my unlit bedroom , would be the glow - in - the - dark green nestled there among ... oh , shit , among my granny panty collection !
down below , on the street , the mimosa trees in the parkways were fuller than ever , their leaves a gorgeous dark green .
the one window at the end of the hall had been painted a muddy military green in an apparent attempt to keep out unwanted sunlight .
the walls were covered in silk : the lower portion in a pale green , the upper in a soft beige .
suddenly , he felt like a new guppy in an old tank , being watched to see his reaction to the new sand , the new miniature castle , the plastic greens swaying in the current .
the bright yellows and blues and greens were astonishing .
toby looked at me , his eyes reflecting a shiny green in the darkness .
the gently rolling lawn glowed a silver green .
the trees outside nona 's window bent in the wind , exposing the silver - green of the leaves ' underbellies .
blood spattered the painting brady had given andre for his birthday : two stylized horses , one red , one white , ran through the greens and grays and golds of the texas plains under a fragile blue sky .
credit cards leave a trail , and i do nt have a lot of the green .
the colored lights beamed in front of the stage in intricate rods of splashing reds , blues , yellows , and greens .
the grass was a mix of tans and greens .
soaking up the sun and breeze and marveling at the bright golds , reds and greens in the trees on the riverbank .
she glided the machine to a stop in front of a small white bungalow , trimmed in pastel green .
the effect was of antiquing with blended shades of dark grey , dark forest green and midnight blue .
the house was beautiful - the climbing foliage on the stone walls was a study of leaves in several shades of green , touched with contrasting shade and sunlight .
the bottom third of the walls were of irregular shaped medium and small size field stone in several shades of grey with stones of light to medium green interspersed among them .
there were several small wicker tables placed at the ends of the couch and by the armchair - all dark sage green softened with a white wash . a large oval area carpet claimed ownership of the center of the floor .
well , in its natural state , its a beautiful rich dark green , but in jewelry , its a pale green .
from across the courtyard and down the vineyard - studded hills , she noticed a colorful , flapping line of laundered clothes starkly visible against the landscape of browns and muted greens .
i remembered one painting in particular of a young girl that i had rendered in sickly greens and yellows , engulfed by murky darkness pressing in on her .
i swept on , passing over the cool green of sandhill park , then the marsh on its northern end .
before them the greens of the meadows and forest , which gave life to this do- main of barren mountains , seemed to be laid out in areas which pointed wedge - like at their hiding place .
it soared into the sky , bright as an alien sun then landed close to the lake , burning an eerie green in the twilight .
he had pursued a flock of fish - eating ducks , greens and grays , fluttering for fifty or sixty feet , then plowing the water again , heavy with fish .
there on the opposite bank just before the rapid was a wooded shelf barely thirty feet by ten , a patch of green with the black wall rising above it .
rich browns , cool greens , and fiery reds .
and the colours all seem to have become strange , reds instead of blues , blues instead of greens , and something else , something quite unbelievable , that appears in front of me and then disappears before i can catch it in my mind .
hey , and bunky threw in an old green flat - bottomed john boat which i painted another shade of green and stenciled the name greasers fisher on it .
i look up and catch a flash of military green , this leaden , dead weight forced through space .
again i trespass , into the green of pasture , waist - high grasses , bushes and trees .
charlie whispered to keep from screaming , ` ` the man in mint green !
no tall black man dressed in mint green .
dawes had fallen into a sort of dreamy trance , looking out the window into the green of the jungle , but blinked and pushed his spectacles up , bending to peer at the map .
from here he could see nothing but the deep green of a jungle - clad hill , glowing like a sombre emerald in the twilight .
he shouted upwards into the dizzying sea of swaying green .
the artificial green was gleaming with water droplets .
the other walls were done up in school - lavatory green .
the altar , done up in the green and gold of a cheerleader 's uniform , was being wheeled offstage .
the corridor was done up in forest green and pink , the walls lined with the familiar - rockwell prints , dogs playing poker , black - and - whites from old movies like casablanca and strangers on a train .
standing across the expanse of green , staring back at me with tears in her eyes but looking as achingly beautiful as ever , was terese .
the walls always seemed newly painted a brilliant white , and the carpet was always replaced with same deep green as the cushions on the pews .
i saw that it had been recently carpeted and wallpapered in the apparently perpetually popular hunter green and burgundy , and the artificial christmas tree in the corner had been decorated with burgundy and off - white lace and matching ribbons .
janet 's color was awful , a sort of muddy green .
the lights changed to green .
a minute passed , then another , and the lights changed to green again .
the examining room , which doubled as my office , was about the size of a prison cell ( not that i know this from firsthand experience ) and painted an institutional green , like the color of a bathroom in an elementary school .
and thick enough to hold some serious green .
not much money maybe , but vic thought it was the perfect amount - high enough to give vic some serious green yet low enough so that most marks would n't balk at the price .
in the center of the room , the ping - pong table 's green had been washed to an almost in - vogue spearmint .
i got out and smelled the sweet of the green .
already there was a hint of green in the black fields , and there was real warmth in the air .
in the bright green she looked a bit like a planet .
roots strained blackly upward below the green , and the whole front yard seemed to become bubble - shaped , as if it were straining to hold the house before which it had spread so long .
his thumb touched on the green send button , lingering there for a moment before it pressed down .
the entire oval was quartered by four lines of diamonds and lilies in pearls and diamonds , more leaves enameled translucent green on gold .
their bark was a patchy dark gray , the long leaves a verdant green .
my eyes moved past margot greens picture and doug billingham 's .
and that suffering increased tenfold around a margot green .
she was wearing an unbecoming dress in dark green and mustard .
his gaze followed her movements , his eyes darkening to an emerald green when he sat on the edge of the bed .
in about a year the agents asked their boss for permission to officially close the case against bulger , noting that green was reluctant to testify against him .
i see the whites of her eyes until they roll back to show the green .
now , it was decorated in muted tans and gorgeous reds , blues , and greens that popped from the rest of the subdued style .
the hostess stops at an open door that leads to a small dining room , the interior done in cool greens and blues .
pointed gabled roofs in a dark green decorated the roof , and the building itself was a pale shade .
` ` anyways , my boss said coincidence or not , a stylist mixing up platinum blond for neon green was a fireable offense . ''
the brown is so light i can make out shards of deep green toward the pupils .
the usual dark green of his eyes looks almost black , and i struggle to hold his stare .
his gaze swings to mine , the fiery green giving him away .
her eyes were big , bottomless pools of green as she met his gaze .
it had n't rained in weeks , but the grass was attempting to turn a pale green , the world full of growth and opportunity .
in the light and this close , i could see the gold flecks scattered throughout the green of his eyes .
god , it did n't help that he was wearing my favorite shirt of his ; it was an old ramones shirt , and the color green was almost the exact same color as his eyes .
` ` i wasn't- '' ` ` unless you 're about to arrest her , she 's done talking to you , '' he said , cutting green off , and my jaw dropped .
palm trees rustled overhead , swishing in the wind coming off the water , and all around me was the green of vegetation and the blue of the ocean .
i chose one in pale green , at the end of the contestants .
my shoes were simple white stilettos , and my hair was long and loose , curls cascading around my shoulders , and my makeup accented the green of my eyes .
a man in a black jacket and a short green kilt with white socks was there to greet us .
the olympians wandered past , ultra - noticeable in their bright green , and appeared to be looking for the flag .
it flicked to green as i watched , and i tested the handle .
reaching up to tuck my hair behind my ears so he could see my face properly , he stilled as shadows fell across his eyes , changing them from brilliant emerald to a dark forest green .
rain had begun to sprinkle , turning the surrounding leafy trees a rich , glossy green .
the green in his eyes deepened as i began to move over him .
the green in them looks so clear and beautiful . ''
travis froze , his eyes steady , the green in them dark as he stared at me .
her pupils appear tiny , like pinpricks through a sheet of construction paper , the green of her eyes appears to have darkened .
i open my eyes again and look up into his dominant gaze , the green of his eyes darker than usual .
it was edgy and dramatic , there was no way to miss it and the black made the green of my eyes iridescent .
she had on a super tight , super short black dress that made the green in her eyes electric and the pale blond of her hair glow around her head like a halo .
those pale eyes of his were still as sharp as ice shards and he still mixed it up with his hair ; today it was his natural dark brown and a startling lime green that was spiked up in a hundred directions .
i obeyed and drowned in his smouldering green .
the pastel tones of the manor glowed with sun in pale greens , pinks , and decedent renaissance features .
something black gleamed over the pale green of q 's eyes .
just as i was about to answer , she leaned forward , turned a miraculous shade of green and puked right in my lap .
` ` actually , they 're blue with little specks of green in them .
my roommate greets me without looking up from where she 's painting her toenails the ugliest cyanide green i ' ve ever seen .
he 's working his way up my torso with splashes of green .
his eyes darkened to a deep forest green .
decorated in bright yellows and greens , the cafe was where local artists displayed their works on canvas to sell , so kate 's vision always blurred a bit from the vivid and odd collection of colors .
lily ran out , and they weaved their way through the elaborate rooms , decorated in bright blues and greens .
the carpet is old and brown and has holes in it , and the walls are this icky shade of green that resembles puke .
the walls were an obnoxious green , the suede couch was orange , and the coffee table was pink and made out of alligator skins .
` ` a very light , yellow green . ''
if it was n't for the bleached blonde girl who was busy doing her nails a sick shade of green as i paid for my gas and a mound of energy drinks , i would n't have made it to gus 's .
today he was a cat dressed head to toe in olive green .
the green seemed to enclose around us as lizards ran across the ragged road just in time and the sun poked through the canopies .
beside them were tiny , colorful houses in bright greens and yellows .
even though the trees were starting to sprout little buds , i could n't see the green .
the purple strappy top i was wearing really brought out the green in my eyes .
i reached for her face , wiping the tear from her gorgeous face , finding myself lost in the green of her eyes .
i did n't think i 'd ever seen the sun rise before and i watched as pinks and greens , yellows and oranges danced and disappeared over the incredible landscape .
they were generally a seaweed brown shade , but in this light , the green was a little more apparent .
a boulevard with an artery of thick lush green running down the middle .
trees still saturated with rain from last night seemed to glow a hyper - pigmented green .
they were light green with a ring of dark green .
his eyes were a pale green .
the dark green of his eyes scanned over my face .
she was glad to see his teeth had gone back to their normal size and his eyes were their usual green again , though still bloodshot .
the carpet is a deep forest green , and the walls are a pale mint , and there are framed photographs of woodcut artwork from hundreds of years ago lining the walls .
the intelligent pastel green of his eyes , the gentle power of his hands .
his eyes on mine are the pale pastel green that has my heart flipping and my stomach knotting , because he sees me , sees into me .
he smiles , and i see where adam got his eyes , the same pale , intelligent , piercing green .
i ' m wearing a betsey johnson dress in the same pastel green as his bowtie and his eyes .
they 'd been buddies all through college but it had never once occurred to me that the bryan my brother had mentioned was gorgeous , with hair i wanted to run my fingers through , and eyes i could barely look away from - a forest green with gold flecks .
because i do my own nails , in alternating colors , and today i am wearing mint green and purple .
panting , he stared into her emerald greens eyes that burned with desire .
nick was still half - asleep , his eyes washed of their usual green in the darkness .
it was always something new with her , and i seemed to have missed this change , because the color was already fading back to green .
it was a fantastic olive green that did good things to my eyes .
they were a weird light brown / green with a yellow tint at the pupil , but as it radiated out to the edge of the iris it went pure light green .
i was unbelievably gratified when he took in my intricately scrolled white iron bed ; the frills , the flowers , the pastel pinks , blues and greens , and i saw his face get soft .
he had on a plaid shirt in light blues , grays and greens mixed with white over a white t - shirt , faded jeans and light brown boots that had an almost yellowish tinge to the suede .
the green at her neck sparkling .
there she was , his woman wearing his ring , his green with his baby in her belly sitting at the end of their pier .
some hints of yellow , army green and red .
i glanced through the lot and , i had to admit , the green was really cool .
i looked back and told him , ` ` i like the green . ''
occasionally baby blue or mint green or anything else i can dream up .
reskimmed walls , painted a soothing light green .
thick , blue , mushroom and green braided rugs ; prints on the walls that were chosen with personal taste , rather than just a generic attempt at decor ; the bed had a duvet , not a comforter and the duvet was soft and downy , its cover a tasteful design of the green of the walls and the blue and mushroom of the rugs as well as some browns and grays ; there were four fluffy pillows on the queen - sized bed , not two thin , unappealing ones , there were even a gaggle of toss pillows that kept up the color scheme ; and there were attractive reading lamps on either nightstand with muted shades but , at the top , there was an apparatus for the lamp to swing inward so it could throw light where you needed it .
in the middle of the space sitting on a large , thick area rug in a rich forest green was my queen - size bed .
ham was wearing a dark - gray suit , deep - blue shirt , and even a nice black tie patterned in muted blues , greens , and grays .
she raised her eyes ; the green was darker , more forest than grass .
shedding her pink my little pony pyjamas , she diligently dressed in the drab greys and greens of her school uniform .
my eyes fell to the ugly yellows and greens mottling her skin .
lily gazed up into his handsome face , struck again by the magnetic green of his eyes .
dominic green was where it all started for us .
you heard of dominic green ?
rebecca had been married to lloyd black , who used to work with dominic green , and dominic was a criminal who used to sell women and girls .
i think dominic green was my father . ''
his eyes may be the darkest shade of green she 'd ever seen , but there was coldness to them .
she was the ex - wife of lloyd black and possibly the only real link they had left of dominic green 's business .
lucas and sean were talking to me the other day , and they do n't think this thing with dominic green is over .
what i can tell you , from the paperwork they 're going through , is that any lawyer will be able to link dominic green with stephen and james along with all the men downstairs .
her mother had been one of dominic green 's prostitutes , and violet had no choice but to run from him . ''
` ` he worked for dominic green .
even down to us taking dane in , not to mention the raid that killed f**king dominic green . ''
whoever is running this is a lot brighter than dominic green . ''
anyway , from what his son told us , lloyd went out one night and came home with dominic green in tow .
he was the only friend she had who was n't in dominic green 's pockets .
i need to talk to her , i ' ve got some information , and it could help us see if this girl is the same one dominic green is after , '' sean said .
at his words she thought about dominic green .
ever heard of a dominic green ? ''
dominic green is the lowest of the low .
you 're nothing , dominic green , and you 'll rot in hell . ''
the other man was smoking a cigarette as the police pulled dominic green and his sidekicks out in body bags .
dominic green was gone .
the sudden tinge of a darker green shone wide as her beast flooded her veins .
they were such a beautiful green and filled with so much worry .
her eyes were a sparkling green , and her face was a lovely rosy red .
she 'd always loved color , reds and yellows and greens .
everything exploded , reds to blues to greens to blacks , as one orgasm morphed into the next .
the lights changed from wild greens and blues to a deep , warm red , coating the woman in a sexy haze .
she looked into the green of his eyes and tried to think of something to say that would get him off the hook , so he would know she did n't expect him to follow through with his teasing and actually sleep with her - something like ` ` do n't worry , travis , i wo n't mention this to anyone , so no one will ever know that we were together '' -but nothing came .
lily looked up at travis from beneath her lashes , and what she saw in the green of his eyes took her breath away .
luke had rocked her world so hard she had n't just seen stars , she 'd actually felt like a human kaleidoscope shifting form again and again , from formations of pinks to purples and reds , yellows and oranges , blues and greens .
already , she could see a new line of printed fabrics in greens and blues .
decorated in forest green and cream , it had every convenience a person could ever want and several that she could n't even identify .
dressed similar to simon , his sweater was an emerald green that nearly matched his eyes .
the green in his eyes is bright , brighter than usual , a sign of the unshed tears that threaten him .
an oversized flannel shirt hung on her gangly frame , the greens and browns dingy and worn .
but the colors of the country , greens so bright that i could feel them wriggling with life , took my breath away .
he was pretty proud of his greens , if he did say so himself .
she was too distracted by the flash of green that caught her eye when he turned slightly .
they were the palest shade of green she 'd ever seen , so vivid they looked photoshopped .
suri is shaking her head , her horrified face the same color green as her polka - dotted blouse .
i clench and unclench my fists as we walk onto the second floor , done in vibrant navy blue , pale green , and gold .
the rest of the time the traffic gods smiled on us and we zipped through green after green .
neon greens , hot pinks , dangerous reds .
snow - peaked mountains reared up into pale blue skies , fringed all around with lush early autumn greens and golds .
twilight dressed it in thin layers of pale greens and grays .
i did recognize her , though , from the picture tucked away in my jewelry box , and i could nt deny that i was looking into a set of eyes that was the exact same shade of green as my own .
the lobby of the hr department , like the main reception area , was tastefully decorated with a mixture of blues and greens and white painted woodwork .
her eyes came open , hazy and gratified , and the soft , deep green of the sea .
there were more golds , and reds , royal blues and emerald greens , statues , busts , and portraits , tall archways , long halls and huge windows .
his brother wore a shirt a shade lighter than his own forest green .
the other , regal - looking in a suit of dark green , was atop a black trak and riding on colins side .
the particles of dust dancing in the moonlight that entered through the high window only enhanced the stunning green of his eyes .
when eiriks family lived here , they d decorated the large living room with rich , earthy colorsbrown , tan , and dark green .
thank you , mrs . c. she just needs to wear green more often .
they were huge , deep green and framed by the most improbable lashes i d ever seen on a boy .
whereas the trip was a tableau of brown , this town was one of green .
she liked the way her swept - up hair accentuated her cheekbones and showed off the green amethyst earrings she had picked specifically to play up the green of her eyes .
her eyes were almond shaped , in some lights they looked hazel , in others brown and now as they smiled at him they were a warm green .
its green for miles and miles , and the locals are the nicest people you ll ever meet , he said winking at me .
sea green , like the bay to the south where the ships unload relics from the further reaches .
his eyes were like a void : deep pools of green that would pull you in inevitably .
the air around the accelerator started to glow in blues and greens as if it was encased in paua shell .
the dark hair was dark brown ; the bright beady eyes were still bright but a light , pure green not beady at all .
the walls a light green , the curtains a dark hunters - green in heavy velvet matching the carpet .
i looked to the side , watched the trees as they blurred into a shade of green that was iridescent .
the grass was a beautiful deep green and there were several flowerbeds that were well cared for .
i d started to dress like amara , and we matched in long flowing gowns , hers a deep burnt orange , mine an emerald green .
her eyes were hidden behind dark framed glasses but anna could see they were a clear green .
her top was a brilliant green and the ties on her tennis shoes matched her top .
dressed in the soft green bridesmaid gown , she looked quite pretty .
chapter eighteen by the following wednesday i had gained control over most of my powers , but my eyes were still the same brilliant green .
hers were a lifeless hazel / gray , while mine switched to jewel colored green .
my cloak was an iridescent green .
now grey noticed the magic dancing at the end of my fingers , the extreme bright green of my eyes , and my nose had began to bleed .
he looked into my eyes , and they turned brilliant jewel green .
when finn kissed me , or even touched me my eyes flared a magical emerald green .
the cool green of the forest was broken often by the vivid array of flowers , blossoming trees , and vines .
you wear a lot of green , so i took a chance .
the master bathroom was already completely revamped in a neutral , light forest green with glossy white cabinetry and two pedestal sinks side by side .
i watch as you move further away from me , along the grass , standing as you pedal , your body moving up and down , your dark pony tail flipping side to side , framed in an arch of green and fuschia .
looking westward they could see first the blue ribbon of the seine , then the green of the bois de boulogne , the city itself and finally , the distant tower , its base lost in the haze .
there they met shaggy - looking artists harding knew who showed them paintings full of wild animals and huge splashes of green .
they were still a beautiful green , and that was the problem .
the almond - shaped eyes were an emerald green that he had never seen before and , coupled with her high cheekbones and perfectly shaped mouth , she was stunning .
the emerald green - wrap around dress she was wearing brought out the jewel - like green of her eyes , and did very little to disguise her fabulous figure .
her eyes flashed the same green , though her hair was brown and not the black of her mothers hair .
she ran , her nose taking in the scents that surrounded her : assorted animals , the decaying undergrowth under her paws , the fresh green of summer saplings as she ducked under them .
as his eyes lifted , they found those twin pools of deep green fastened on his face .
she scanned the office , reveling in the soft beiges and greens that created a calming effect .
his eyes were a murky green from the harsh light overhead .
from the blurred tips of the wings a thousand small butterflies in brilliant blues , purples , and greens burst out , trailing down my hip and up my shoulder blade .
i love june in blacksburg : mid - seventies every day and everything is a luscious green .
the way the snake evolves and the flowers sort of burst from the body , i get a fantastic idea for golds , greens , blues , and a fire - orange color for the roses .
the countess was dressed with great flare in a hunter green gown trimmed with gleaming white ribbons , which perfectly set off her queenly demeanor and silver hair .
in the large living room , muted blues and greens were accented by a dark brown sectional sofa with recliners at either end .
and as i talked , my voice hoarse and uncertain , i saw the green in his eyes grow stronger .
brings out the green in your eyes .
she stared at him , her eyes getting bigger and bigger , the green of mountain streams , of the inside of glacier ice , cold and yet somehow hot enough to melt steel , like her beautiful , unending , inhuman desire .
we sat down at a vacant table surrounded by techies dressed in a rainbow of hospital whites , pinks , and greens , quietly talking amongst themselves .
his eyes a striking green that caught your attention immediately , dressed in a ruby coloured jacket and standing as if he owned the world .
his eyes a striking green that caught your attention immediately , dressed in the ruby coloured jacket from the portrait .
liam cocked a perfect black brow , the incredible pale green of his eyes catching the light of the flickering torches that lined the halls .
the green of his eyes was darker as he studied the target for a breath .
his black hair hung just below his chin like it always did , making the pale green of his eyes a near impossible color , like something that just could nt exist in the natural world .
while still striking , liam looked exhausted and worry worn with his black hair in disarray atop his head , his face drawn , and bluish circles hanging beneath the pale green of his eyes that were so dull they hardly looked like his own .
her vision swam , the blue bruises and yellow marks of isaacs battered body merged to a puke green .
there , before her , was clint dressed in her favorite green shirtthe one that matched the color of his eyes .
creepers transformed the black remains into a vivid green .
only yellows and blues , greens and purples .
she changed buses at chemelil in the flat sugar lands , taking a bus up the winding road to where the climate grew cooler and the vegetation green .
she preferred to stand , looking out over the garden at the newly planted flower beds , the freshly turned earth a dark brown against the new green of the small plants .
he instantly lifted his head and looked at me , concern making his eyes the deep green of moss .
when her eyes opened , they were a startling , pure green .
on it was a cover with subtle greens all mixed together .
the rest of the truck was a faded forest green .
the rolling green soon transitioned into rocky hills and then onto craggy mountains .
undulating curtains of brilliant yellows and greens danced and rippled in my mind .
what should have been blurs of dark greens , reds , and oranges , were crisp outlines of wet leaves , rocks , and the creatures among them .
we usually have another week or two of green .
she remembered the deep green of his eyes , the few times shed seen him up close , back when he d come into her fathers diner on his college breaks .
this morning clary only glanced at the river , the murky water smothered in mist , muted like the cloudy green of absinthe .
the room was bright and airy with walls painted a soft green .
her only jewelry is a green stone that sits between her breasts , matching the flashing green of her eyes .
her figure is slight , yet curvy , and her eyes , as she gazes at the car passing by , are a deep , innocent green .
the dressers and bed in oak with mahogany inlay contrasted and complemented the light hardwood floor and woven area rug of muted flowers in browns , peaches , and greens .
chapter three madeline as the nurse urged madeline to keep pushing , doctor green and the anaesthesiologist rushed into the room .
absently her fingers found the ring which had graced her finger for many years , a ring of silver woven around a large pearl of dark iridescent green .
blue eyes meeting hers of leaf green , he held the gaze and saw a depth and curiosity he had never before encountered .
deepest iridescent green , a stone of power , it held magic born of the early waters as oeliana herself had been .
a landscaping company should have some green live green and a stonescaping company could use flooring or columns that reflected some of the work they did .
suddenly , the deep green gave way to well - sculpted marble .
in their place lay a thick coil of green : scaly and sinuous in the torchlight .
her eyes were a mossy green that became even greener when fully immersed in the woods .
for a moment , she looked at him , noticing with a tinge of embarrassment that the front of his t - shirt was stained a darker green where she had soaked it through with her tears .
he is on the green i need him .
at one oclock , we dressed in reds and greens that were purchased by adle at the nearby mall , and traveled to the cheap buffet .
she could see swirly lines of contrasting colors greens and browns farmland , maybe , as the plane also flew over towns and rivers that looked like specks .
johns kitchen was full of good aromas and was decorated in bright greens and yellows .
the smooth concrete walls , painted an institutional shade of pale green , were unadorned by posters or framed works .
the house , constructed with cream colored brick and trimmed in forest green , was a victorian gothic - style structure .
the house , constructed with cream - colored brick and trimmed in forest green , was a victorian gothic - style structure .
the green of the grass , emerald earlier , looked a drab hue of olive in the muted light of late afternoon .
the leaves of the trees were a dazzling green against the dark night .
the red in his eyes vanished as the beautiful green of them blazed to life once more .
his eyes had changed to predatory green .
his eyes brightened to yellow - green when he watched her take her place at the other end .
between the wars is good , bloomsbury and all those bohemians living off their inherited wealth , revolution funded by convention , that gritty tang in the air , tapering trousers , tailored jackets , the new look , the scarlet and mustard and olive green of the fifties .
mostly the meeting revolved around the plans for yolanda 's yummery and the completion of the logo , which incorporated the three colors : lemon yellow , sea foam green and pastel pink .
the walls had recently been papered with vertical stripes of pastel pink , sea foam green and daffodil yellow .
the stunning coastline speckled with rocks and reefs are marine opened in the vicinity of two huge rocks near the green like a hug .
the sun dipped in the green of the sea and disappeared while mark gave her a quick kiss on the lips .
i turned , his eyes looked black in the darkness , not the usual green i had grown so accustomed to .
i picked the pillow up and ran my fingers over the decorative thread pattern , in masculine shades of gray and dark green .
deep , forest green .
she looked into his eyes , then at the expanse of green around them .
she wore a silk sundress that was the same deep green as her eyes .
the first shot was blue , the one after that green , the one after that yellow , and the ones after that were varying shades of yellow .
nobodys eyes can be that vivid a green .
the olive green he was wearing today was not complimentary to his complexion , nor would it blend favorably with the green shade of miss lamberts pelisse .
this dress was definitely new for the season , a delicate green with twining leaves around the bodice , sleeves , and border .
the grass was long , a deep rich green .
he witnessed the natural dark green of the leaves fade to colorless husks as they fell to the ground and were enveloped by the red blood .
the artist mostly used grays instead of the vivid palate of greens , reds , and blacks in the last painting .
just do nt say that , she murmured with a shaky voice as the traffic lights turned a bright green in front of them after what had seemed an inordinate amount of time on red .
the colors of the condo were not mute tones but bright pastels in greens , blues , and yellows .
my green eyes were lined and plumped and tinted with just the smallest amount of green on the eyelid to bring out my own color .
it reminds me of a fattened turkey painted army green , its belly thick and rounded .
its army green and says powdered eggs across the front in thick black letters .
she led them to a plastic set of stackable , hunter green , deck chairs .
the valley stretched below them painted a patchwork of greens , with touches of reds and golds .
his eyes were definitely green , olive green to be exact .
over very nice designer jeans , she wore a soft , draped top in a dark green that hugged her figure and hinted at it and showed off the soft smoothness of her skin at the neckline .
shed set the dining table with bamboo placemats , and on the wall ren saw a new piece of her art , an elegant scroll of a thing in dusty yellows and greens and blues , whose construction and materials he could only guess at .
she had a gorgeous dress in a soft sea green , with shoes and bag to match .
the neighborhood looked the same as it always had , most of the houses decrepit as all section 8 housing was wo nt to be , but the house he 'd gone into had been freshly painted a brilliant aqua color the locals called ' portuguese green . '
but the finial atop the right hand turret leant drunkenly to one side and the steep mansard roof with its prettily shaped round windows one to either side of smaller rectangular windows , also with arched pediments , appeared to be more a mossy shade of green rather than the slate grey that darcy see could nearer the ridgeline where the weather had kept the dark grey slates clean .
a breeze wafted over the uncut grasses of the field below , causing a sort of mexican wave across the expanse of green before blowing in the open doors .
she had already begun the renovations in her mind once the ivy that had grown up as far as the eaves was removed the timbers could be stripped and repainted the same pretty peppermint green that they were nowthe paint was heavily weathered in a way that might be fine for distressed furniture but was death to vulnerable timbers exposed to the elements .
the tall , regularly - spaced trunks were like elegant church pillars forming a living cathedral of luminous green , with the added benefit that they were swaying gently in the light morning breeze , creating a daytime son et lumire , a verdant sound and light show with their rustling leaves and the play of light and shadows .
drives like an automatic , great visibility , mp3 and ipod connectivity and its got six speaker audio , shed run out of fingers on the first hand and had moved to her other and , she thought but did nt say , its shiny new and cherry red , which is my all - time favourite colour other than most shades of green that was .
he liked the sound so much that he shook his head a few times , creating a rippling effect in the green that made up his head and torso .
her green eyes were a bright shade of green , and they looked full of life .
he released her arms , his greens eyes spitting fire .
there were pillows covered in cream and the same shimmery light green of the drapes .
who would have thought of a wedding gown in christmas green ?
his dark tan made him look like a black - a - moor as my mother used to call certain people in the village that would have looked more at home in a vineyard in sunny spain than against the dark greys and greens of the irish bogs !
it looked green at this time of year with the purple of the heather adding a refreshing relief from the dark greens and browns of winter .
the deep blue channel water was like a thin ribbon floating on the lighter green of the sea .
briefly looking over my shoulder , i saw our house sitting back , on a patch of green atop it .
flecks of murky green spread through the ominous shade of gray his aura consisted of .
they sparkled a brilliant green in the sunlight and stole lea 's breath .
from bethnal green .
and who wants to be on the circle line to bethnal green on a cold december night when they could have what he had to give her ?
bethnal green ?
a flower girl , from bethnal green .
as a child , she had loved their hues of rust and dusty green .
she wore a long raw silk skirt and shirt in dark forest green , and soft ivory leather boots .
the rest paraded by in jeans and ski gear in bright purples , pinks and greens .
they reflected the green of the pines on the nearby hills .
the green tortoise shell glasses that i wore helped me see , but they also highlighted the green in my hazel eyes .
the leaves on the trees were changing from light and dark greens to bright golds , oranges and reds .
maybe it was the light in the southern hemisphere , the dome of the blue sky , the smells of the earth as it cascaded in gentle greens right into the sea , or maybe it was just magic .
the scent of the building an odd mix of stale air and cafeteria food was the same , the walls were painted the same shade of institutional mint green , and even the floor tiles were the same drab gray and green .
his brutal y short hair was spiked in opposing directions , the thick asian locks dyed a shocking green at the tips .
i looked toward peach 's house and saw a dark gray haze forming into wisps of smoke as walnuts , pasty pale green and lime - sized , began to appear in its midst .
the scrub brush was n't a lush green ; the color was dry , as if it had been bleached by the sun .
the canyon was alight with greens and blues from the second setting sun , and they bounced off its walls , sparkling .
an urge to laugh , of all bloody things , and a flare of excitement in his eyes - really striking eyes , a vivid green that flashed sudden in the light .
he smelt smoke from the chimneys , the damp green of the plants , and his own sweat , oddly metallic .
from here , he could see nothing but the deep green of a jungle - clad hill , glowing like a sombre emerald in the twilight .
he shouted upward into the dizzying sea of swaying green .
reds and blues and greens , the brilliant white of diamonds , the lavender and violet of amethyst , and the golden glow of topaz and citrine .
` ` blues and greens , '' she said , her eyebrows arching upward in excitement .
he chose two colors , and then swirls of cobalt blue and sea green came alive on the page .
the water was a sparkling green that left a thin , white , frothy trail on the sand .
the trees surrounding them were tall and massive , the forest a lush green .
in her dream , the world was a hazy smear of blues and greens .
she could n't imagine that the faded green was a factory color .
every woman present wore some type of green .
even if i 'd known green was the current fashion trend , i no longer owned any clothes in that color .
even now there were women dressed in green and camped outside the hotel .
his words hit me full force , and i thought back to all the women in green who had camped out in his office .
nor did he think overly much about the shopkeeper 's unwillingness to help him purchase the dark blue gloves isabella had fawned over when mr . roberts had insisted upon the green , or the florist 's sour expression as he picked out a large bouquet of daffodils .
yet when he looked up , his eyes had darkened to a jungle green , and just as untamed .
how do you take the color green and turn it back into blue and yellow ?
to his intense interest , annalise wore a modest two piece in an emerald green that brought out the gold highlights in her eyes .
he stared at isabella , stared at her with eyes the exact same shade of olive green as those of jack 's niece .
she had a real eye for the flowers she used and just the right amount of greens .
the one she 'd bought to bring out the green in her ... contact lenses .
the thick green of the undergrowth was different from the delicate leaves on trees higher up , the bright feathery shapes of some plants gently waving at the ropelike strands of others .
he was wearing jeans that showcased his mile - long legs and an oversized sweater in soft green that emphasized his eyes .
the blues and greens of the platter mounted over the mantel caught the late afternoon sun and redirected the light , casting the wall behind it in a soft blue glow .
i stared at the tiny jewels decorating her skin , winking brilliant green and clear as diamonds .
dominic 's eyes meet mine and the green in his seems to smolder as he very slowly , very purposefully grabs the girl 's ass and grips it hard , pulling her into him , grinding her h*ps into his crotch .
it seems to be dry here , with only a few specks of green .
the rest of the band stepped out of the smoke and green 's voice joined the electric guitar .
i open my eyes and i ' m met by a duller version of the green i know so well .
i stare into his eyes and see determination through the haze of green .
he pulls my hair so my face turns into his , my hazy vision met with dark green .
he narrows his greens on me , and i give him my own little scowl in return , but i ' m too exhausted to quarrel .
' i ' m going to fuck you until you beg me to stop , and then you 're going to run fourteen miles , ' he raises his head and stabs me with ferocious greens .
his greens are dancing with delight .
he narrows his dazzling greens on me .
when he laughs like that , faint lines spring from his twinkling greens and fan his temples .
i watch as he disappears into the wardrobe and comes out moments later wearing my favourite green checked pajama pants , no top .
his lust filled greens , parted lips and relaxed body escalates my pleasure .
it 's a wonderful sight , the faint lines fanning his greens , making his eyes sparkle .
i look down at him with a gaping mouth and wide eyes as he takes my hand and looks up at me with crystal clear green .
after the lush green of hayden , this yellow - and - brown landscape seemed desolate and scorched .
the wraparound porch had been newly painted this year , a forest green that complemented the walnut - stained shingles .
to the tourists who sat around their campfires making s'mores and roasting hot dogs , it seemed like a quiet time in this patch of green tucked up against the mountains ' vertical walls .
even the colors of life , the blue of the sky , the gray of overcast clouds , the green of the grass and leaves and the brown of jeff 's eyes , these seemed brighter .
she refused to look him in the face , and in turn chose to pour all concentration on the emerald green of his tie , such a pretty color ... she tried distracting herself , anything to keep from reaching out and running her hands along the thick muscles of his biceps .
there was a woman 's body hiding behind all that fabric , and sparks were radiating in her misty eyes , such a pale color of green that they were almost translucent .
soft greens , pale , pale blues .
layla 's bed was a sleigh style and the color scheme was muted greens and creams .
leaves budded , unfurled , then burst into thick green on the trees , casting shade and light in patterns on the ground , on the stone .
all in a garden green where late i laid me down upon a bank of chamomile where i saw upon a style sitting , a country clown ...
braced , he looked up into eyes that glittered an unholy green rimmed with red .
her pupils contracted and her eyes were the same striking green that they had always been .
the house was beautiful , with cream - colored walls , furniture upholstered in dark reds and greens , shining wood floors , simple but expensive - looking area rugs .
the house was small , the lawn green and well maintained .
` ` the kid was still baby - pea green .
turning the green to aqua pools .
white gulls wheeled and soared , shrieking as the silver giant plowed through the foam - topped waves that swirled with all shades of blues and greens .
if she was in another situation , she 'd get lost in the magnificent view before her : the water , the lush green of the island , the crisp blue sky and puffy white clouds .
she wore black pants with a cropped cashmere sweater in a soft green , her long dark hair hanging loose to the middle of her back .
even jack , who liked to say that he had ` ` a green thumb - green with mold , '' derived real pleasure from peggy 's garden .
but today she saw that there was a carpet in the living area - a lovely berber rug in soft greens and grays - and the oak woodwork around the windows overlooking puget sound was beautifully varnished .
the walls were painted institutional green and matched the worn green carpet on the floor .
she had been tall and inclined toward slenderness , with curling brown hair and eyes he remembered as the purest green , like the grass that sloped down toward the river behind the house .
now sophie did blush - she could feel her cheeks burn - and as gideon leaned forward across the table , his eyes an intense , storm - washed green , she took a deep breath of resolution .
will 's own head was down , tucked into his collar to avoid the cold rain ; it was only by chance that , glancing for a moment to the side , he caught a glimpse of bright green and gold amid the rocks at the edge of the road .
despite all cecily 's words , he had not felt the connection in him until now - breathing welsh air , seeing the welsh colors : the green of hills , gray of slate and sky , the pallor of whitewashed stone houses , the ivory dots of sheep against the grass .
the green was draining from her skin , her body was shrinking , her own brown hair was tumbling loose over her shoulders .
his face quite changed when he smiled : all the sharp lines were softened , and his eyes went from the color of ice to the green of leaves in spring sunshine .
as he set off down the corridor , he thought of the blues and greens and grays of wales .
it was clear not just from the similarity of their clothes but from the shape of their faces and the pale , luminous green of their eyes that they were related , so tessa was not in the least surprised when gabriel said , in his abrupt manner : ` ` well , we 're here as we said we would be .
his eyes were such a pale green , they were nearly yel ow .
there are still secrets to be unearthed here beneath the peaceful green of the yorkshire countryside , and i aim to discover them .
his eyes strayed past her , their gray- green stormier than ever .
with all of this , what captivated him the most was her eyes - those deep pools of alluring green that felt as if they were boring into his very soul .
the trees are gigantic , primeval , the greens absolute and somehow soothing .
i stand at my window , staring out at the green , sunlit backyard .
he smelled smoke from the chimneys , the damp green of the plants , and his own sweat , oddly metallic .
his eyes were a brilliant green , like wild grass in sunny field .
her eyes were deep , forest green with the triumphant gleam of a woman who was about to get what she so desperately wanted .
her eyes were a deep , slumberous green .
her hair was a vibrant shade of green this week , streaked with pale lavender .
they were a deep , rich green , like a forest in twilight , canted slightly at an exotic angle .
the pad of his finger grazed her soft flesh , and when her eyes finally met his , they were such a stunning deep green he nearly forgot what he was going to ask her .
her exotic eyes were a luminous green , and he knew he 'd never forget exactly how they looked right at this moment .
her eyes were red and puffy and the most beautiful green he 'd ever seen .
his profile was hard and unreadable as he turned back to watch the road ; he did n't answer , and when the light changed to green again she drove carefully to the nearest drugstore .
here and there , shaped camellia bushes stood above the squared hedge , their glossy green leaves a stark contrast to all the brownness .
he followed her gaze briefly , allowing himself to admire the sweep of green that climbed up the mountains ringing aspen .
the pale green of his eyes was even more striking in person , even though they were red with weariness .
when the redhead in green followed him out of the room a few moments later , i was n't too surprised , but i was very disappointed .
the light to the west created a kaleidoscope of oranges and greens behind my eyelids , and i absorbed the delusion of this neighborhood that i existed around but not in .
the room was still dim , but now luce could see that the cement walls were also painted olive green and lined with heavy metal shelves and filing cabinets .
it came in the third season of their secret courtship , as the world around them turned toward fall and the greens of summer burned away in a riot of flaming oranges and reds .
the water was a bright pastel green , and as they glided , luce could see the whole city reflected in the glassy wobble of its surface .
luce saw the splendid copper dome first , glowing sea green against the fog .
his skin was pale , making the green of his eyes look like emeralds .
` ` soylent green . ''
cath looked at wren 's smooth brown hair and the glint of steel , the crown of gray , that circled the green in her eyes .
the sparkling silver fabric complemented her pale skin and golden hair and brought out the green in her eyes .
the green of his tie contrasted sharply with the blue of his eyes .
she mumbled against his sweater , which was a brilliant green calculated to contrast with the blue of his eyes .
since they were supposed to go out later or some shit like that , she was wearing another demure sweater dress in deep green .
the little tree lit from within , glowing a soft green , and the multicolored bulbs glimmered .
chain - stitched embroidery accented his cream - colored waistcoat , which in turn accented the lush deep green of his coat .
for his part , colin was beautifully attired in a velvet ensemble of dark green .
the color of his ensemble was a dark green that was more sensible than noteworthy .
the palate of dark reds , greens , and stained walnut furnishings created a soothing , masculine retreat .
a painting of the countryside hung above it , the blues of a stream and the greens of a forest lending color to the room .
the carpet was an oriental , creams , reds and greens , echoing the colors of the furniture .
i was presented with a sea bass on a bed of greens .
the green was clear and vivid .
connor traversed the hall to the guest bathroom , which was decorated in soft sea foam green .
she caught his hand and brought it to her heart , her eyes a soft and misty green .
the satin gown was a beautiful green that complimented her eyes and brought out the striking hue of her hair .
as always , the flash of green against her dusky cheekbones surprised me .
a white one , purple , pink , two greens , and a brown .
dipping it into the darker green , he painted a line next to his previous one , melding the two shades together into something light , then mixed , and finally dark .
with another paintbrush , he shifted the purple around this way and that , connecting part of it to the greens , and painting other parts to match some image in his mind .
all of that she 'd handled with the stoicism and courage that was as much a part of her as the green of her eyes .
nicholas used the last few seconds of his engagement to sai to appreciate the gracefulness of her legs , the green in her eyes , and the slight dimple on her right cheek .
her eyes were a deep , moss green and a faint streak of blue chalk was smudged near her temple .
her suit a pure sea green .
a purgatory of browns , oranges , and avocado - greens .
we have a stare down , me into her blue eyes and her into my green .
to her astonishment , his eyes were n't the dark , fierce orbs she 'd thought , but rather they were an odd pale green .
leaves drifted from trees in shades of brilliant reds and faded greens .
she could see the brighter green of fake turf ahead .
he pulled down a triangular frame , then started pulling balls out from under the table and placing them on the green felt top .
` ` the green in this opal is the same color as your eyes , '' she whispered .
the ark also housed daddy 's office and the check - in where customers paid their greens fees and got their little colored balls and putters .
stone rhodes , caught in the act of casting a fishing line , stood out sharply against an unfocused background of muted green .
the background held the green of living things .
david followed lizzy , her red sweater a startling flash of color against the browns and greens of the trees and the swampy water .
` ` i ' ve never seen a house painted puke green and purple before , '' he said .
zhang leaned down , picked up the box that held her own green , somewhat transparent costume and asked , ` ` lil , how did you ever think of this ? ''
the green princess - cut diamond contained a hint of blue in it , which jeremy had read was rare because the circumstances required to turn a blue diamond green were nearly impossible .
but the news barely even warranted a glance from the gaggle of green across the dining room .
she looked at me and smiled widely , and such a wide smile on her narrow face might have looked goofy were it not for the unimpeachably elegant green in her eyes .
she lay on her side across two bales of hay , the afternoon light brightening the green in her eyes , her tan skin the last memory of fall .
` ` it has a lot of green on the cover , i think .
what he saw in his mind 's eye , though , was another face , another form , vivid as flame among the damp greens and grays of the fells .
the dark resinous buds had begun to split , and crumpled leaves of a vivid light green keeked out .
he therefore let his mind relax , enjoying the soft , moist air and the beautiful green of the countryside .
the lush green of the countryside was monotonous and soothing but was having little effect on grey 's temper .
the water was very blue , reflecting both the green of the mountains and the deep blue bowl of the sky .
when he picked her up the next night , a slow fire lit the green of his eyes as he looked her up and down .
she was underwater , the surface only a lighter shade of murky green .
the predominant color seemed to be institutional green .
small specks of green that testified to the sparse plant life .
the sign is newer , a fresh primary green , and instead of a visual icon it has an actual word printed on it .
' we 're growing less than half what we need to survive , ' julie says as we pass the gardens , just a blurry dream of green behind the translucent walls of the hothouses .
she used to cloak her body in olive greens and grays in an effort to hide .
carina 's fingers gripped a paintbrush dipped in moss green , and her smock already held touches of color and the smear of charcoal .
her bangs only accented exotically tilted eyes , reminding him of the endless misty green of the tuscan fields , sucking a man in and allowing him to get lost in the fog .
the vivid green of trees and brown earth flashed by and welcomed him in a way that soothed his soul .
ivy climbed over the massive brick walls and matching clock tower surrounded by jungle greens and elaborate gardens .
a v - neck sundress in a muted floral print of blues and greens and a matching lightweight sweater hung in an open closet beside a white toweling robe .
her bare arms were slender , but toned , and she had a body to match beneath the floor - length green gown subtly draping her curves .
she was wearing a dress in a soft shade of olive green , which nicely complemented her coloring .
royce had been appalled at the outrageous shade of putrid green , but kelly had assured him it was perfect and she would wear it two or three years .
and their eyes were the exact same shade of brownish green .
the island jutted out of the ocean like a chocolate cake made by a six - year - old - brown lava rock with a few decorations of green along the steep sides and near the bottom , where a small crescent beach shone ivory in the sun .
the borrowed flannel shirt in muted browns and greens complemented his dark hair and brown eyes .
she was dazzled by the irregular plumes of iridescent green and blue fanning out across the starry sky .
zoe had been thinking your ordinary factory green , but when a car arrived with a paint job no factory would ever offer , zoe knew in her bones margo was behind the wheel .
he would always choose mia , who was as much a part of him as the green of his eyes .
it was all in greens and browns and grays .
something about his smile , or the green of his eyes and the love she saw , something caught her then .
justin 's eyes narrowed suspiciously as he privately questioned whether or not she was daring to mock him ; the green of her gaze was clear and unwavering , with no hint of the emotion for which he searched .
justin did not know her well enough to gauge her present mood , but he was certainly man enough to appreciate the added depth of colour to the green of her eyes , and the flushed warmth in those creamy cheeks , as well as the swift rise and fall of the full swell of her br**sts .
to add insult to injury , his first glimpse of eleanor , as bright as a butterfly in her gown of pale green , had been as she was laughing at something that young popinjay had just said to her .
eleanor 's eyes flashed a deep - emerald green and angry colour returned to her cheeks .
it was an emerald green in a slinky , jersey material with boat neckline .
` ` i ' ve seen calmer greens at a st . patrick 's day parade in boston . ''
their eyes locked and again she was drawn to the verdant green , how brown his hair was , a glint of silver at the temples today .
the green brought out flecks of a deeper amber in her eyes , which were now open and staring straight at him .
mile by mile , the landscape rolled into the vivid greens and blues of her childhood world .
the rain softened the world into the muted blues and greens of a monet painting .
he gathered her into his arms , turning her so that he could lose himself in the green of her eyes .
there were three little pieces at the starting box , a red , a green , and a blue .
colby stood there , still wearing his surgical greens .
valerie had decided on a spring color theme for her wedding and had already chosen material for steffie 's and norah 's gowns in a pale shade of green and a delicate rose .
he glanced at her briefly , the waning rays of the sun gilding the bridge of his nose and striking a flash of green from one eye .
the last long shafts of the sinking sun burst through the chestnut trees , so the tender spring green of their leaves burned with cool fire , brilliant above the lengthening shadows .
she coaxed the tiny worm onto her finger , stepped outside , and squatted to let it crawl onto a grass blade that matched its vivid green .
the ground in the mountains was impassable during the winter ; the high passes still held snow , and the lower slopes had only begun to green and blossom in the last few weeks .
` ` should anything happen , '' i said slowly , and turned to look to the east , where the shape of our house was just visible among the trees , its chimney smoke a white plume among the soft green of the chestnuts and firs .
the burning , the little girl 's death - these had become dreamlike during their travel , their horror muted to the surreal by the monotonous labor of riding , walking , the constant whine of wind and crunch of boots on gravel , sand , pine needles , mud , the engulfing blur of greens and yellows in which they lost themselves beneath an endless sky .
i had n't had the nerve to look into a mirror yet , but i knew the bruising must be going from blacks and reds to a colorful assortment of blues , greens , and yellows .
he could see each tree , each separate needle of a spruce he passed , short and thick , soft silver - green in the light .
he paused at a turn in the steep , muddy path to admire a rainbow - a complete one , that arched from one side of the sky to the other , its misty colors sinking down into the dark wet green of the dripping mountainside across from him .
he turned his back on the pit , looking instead into the budding green of the chestnut trees .
they had reached the small clearing where the water bubbled out over a ledge of what his daughter said was serpentine - the rock whose soft green gave the spring its name ; that , and the thick layer of vivid moss that grew around it .
he smiled , and the last of the evening light glowed briefly in his eyes , a deep and lambent green .
his eyes were closed in prayer ; they sprang open , unbelieving , and i thought how vivid they were , the green of wet serpentine and summer leaves .
the pool of liquid wax glowed with the light of the flaming wick above it , and the jewels slowly came into view , one green , one black , glowing with their own inner fire .
his eyes softened with memory , the green of them nearly black in the dim light of the banked fire .
in mid - april , the trees would have no more than a haze of green , their branches still mostly bare against pale skies .
my eyes were blurred from running and the sunlight starred into fractured slabs and streaks of color - dark blue , light blue , white and gray , pinwheels of green and gold as the cloudy sky and the mountainside spun round and round above me .
the grapevines that ran up the palisades had just begun their spring rush , and sprouts and ruffles of a delicate green tinged with rust cascaded from the woody stems , eager tendrils curling like my own new - grown hair - god damn her , she 'd taken my hair on purpose to disfigure me !
this early in the spring , the green of the huge lawn was only a faint tinge , but people were lounging on it , taking advantage of the rare balmy day .
the hair was dark , though , and the deep - set eyes a cloudy green .
roger was what her mother called a black celt , with clear olive skin and black hair , and ` ` eyes put in with a sooty thumb '' -thick black lashes round eyes you expected to be blue but that were instead a surprising deep green .
we were climbing in good earnest now , and the trees began to change ; small groves of chestnut trees , large patches of oak and hickory , with scattered dogwood and persimmon , chinkapin and poplar , surrounded us in waves of feathery green .
the mountains rose ahead of us like an endless series of floating mirages , fading from black - green to blue to purple , the farthest peaks etched black and needle - sharp against a crystal sky .
we backtracked , and turned downward , out from under the huge fragrant firs , across slopes of wild timothy and muhly grass that had gone bright yellow in the sun , and at last back into the soothing green of oak and hickory , on a wooded bluff that overlooked a small and nameless river .
` ` he lifted the silky green tuft to his lips and kissed it , then touched it gently to my mouth .
the brew of goldenrod , bee - balm , and wild bergamot was a blackish green , and smelled like burnt fields , but it might help .
the sandy roads , scrub - pine forests , and marshy swamps of the coast were gone , replaced by thickets of cool green , by tall , thick - trunked , canopied trees , and a soft orange dirt that darkened to black mold where the dead leaves lay matted at the edge of the road .
brianna blinked , eyes tearing at the shafts of sun that stabbed through the shifting greens of a screen of maples .
he wore a faded kilt in pale greens and browns , casually rucked up in front as he urinated against a tree .
ian rose with his tray of raw barley , and kicked negligently at a split bag , where the soft green of mold and black tinge of rot showed the ill effects of seeping damp .
the rock itself was a smooth blackish green , and the ground all round was boggy , rumpled by tree roots and furred with a moss that grew brilliant as emeralds in the fleeting patch of sun .
he wore a faded hunting kilt whose browns and greens blended into the grass and brush , as his flaming hair blended with the brilliant leaves .
49 choices november 1769 i opened daniel rawlings 's box , and stared at the rows of bottles filled with the soft greens and browns of powdered root and leaf , the clear gold of distillations .
he has black hair , and green eyes - bright green ; it 's one of the first things you notice about him , is n't it , mama ? ''
there was no way of telling how big this particular hell was ; on their journey through the mountains , he had seen entire slopes covered with heath balds , valleys filled with the deep green of rhododendron , only a few ambitious trees protruding above the waving sea of leaves .
he seemed rather embarrassed at being caught in the act of condoning acts of paganism , as it were , but brushed it off as merely a local observance with historical color , like the wearing of the green .
drawing near , my eye was filled with plump smooth bodies and bead - bright eyes , set like jewels in a background of velvet green , darting among the leaves of oak , elm , and chestnut , carefully tended trees rooted in mulched pots set on the floor of the cage .
the actual patterns varied wildly , but the colors were mostly the same - dark greens and white .
i was n't at all sure jamie would be able to call for help if he needed it ; at the moment he was being throttled by a stout lad in green .
the grass was the fresh green of early summer , clumps of sturdy growth shooting out of the rocks and furring the ground under the oaks .
the green of his eyes was darker now , but still clear .
he was quiet for a moment , then looked up at me , a slight glint of green in his eye .
the trees were beginning to leaf out , but the tiny sprays of tender green were by no means sufficient camouflage .
there was a man standing in the darkness behind him ; a tall man who now stepped forward , his face glimmering pale in the glow of the lantern , sardonic eyes the green of gooseberries .
we were no more than five miles on our journey , when i caught the sound of hoofbeats on the road behind us , and saw a flash of scarlet , through the spring - green of the chestnut trees .
in life , you got the blues and reds and pinks and lavenders of moving blood beneath the skin ; in death , the blood stilled and pooled and darkened ... clay - blue , violet , indigo , purple - brown ... and something new : that delicate , transient green , barely there , that her artist 's mind classified with brutal clarity as ` ` early rot . ''
a firefly landed on jamie 's shirt , glowing cool green in the shadowed folds of cloth .
` ` he staggered into the cell green as a lass , vomited in the corner , then crawled under a bench and stayed there for the next day or two . ''
he held it by the feet , and the big cupped wings flapped halfway open , the breast - feathers catching sunlight in iridescent patterns of blackish green .
we were perhaps a quarter - mile from shore , and the water beneath our hull was a deep , soft green , portending a bottom several fathoms deep .
bonnet 's eyes were the pale green of a cat 's , and they brightened now with the intentness of a cat that spots a creeping mouse .
instead , he turned his attention to the horse and looked out at the rolling fields of green against the bright blue sky .
i shook my head , and my gaze landed on a junglelike corner of thriving plants , brilliant green and dewy .
he held up a mirror which came out of nowhere and i stared in horror as my eyes were no longer their familiar green but instead were the color of fire .
her feet were bare and her toenails were a hideous shade of bright green .
the light charcoal that outlined her eyes caused the green to stand out more .
his eyes were an unusual shade of green and they were keen with intelligence .
the lights inside the rink were dimmed , and flashes of blues and greens sparkled across the polished wood floor , bathing the skaters in color as they whirled by .
angelina shook her head as though to suggest alex had wasted much of his life walking from green to green when he could ' ve been having dinner at her house .
her thick black hair was twisted into a braid dangling over one shoulder , and her eyes were a vivid green .
his eyes burned , lit from within , fiery brown locked on her wavering green .
the colors were so vivid , so strong ... blues and greens and purples all fading so effortlessly into each other it was almost impossible to think it had been created with human hands and not born on her .
while his shirt brought out the striations of green , the amber still smoldered , making her think of sunlight on a hot spring day .
` ` probably not , '' she admitted , her laugh fading into an echo of pain that was revealed in the way the soft green of her eyes grew misty with shadows .
amusement made sarah 's eyes sparkle with a soft green .
grateful that he was n't going to pick an - other argument , sarah relaxed her guard and unconsciously leaned toward him a little , the unusual deep green of her eyes beginning to warm .
a small but energetic woman of at least eighty brought in an afghan made from the softest yarn , in varying shades of green , and insisted on giving it to sarah as a gift .
her eyes were bright and clear , a soft nile green , and her cheeks were flushed .
alaric stirred and opened his eyes , the green startling her with its brilliance .
she licked her lips nervously and his gaze darkened further , until the green of his eyes was a slim ring around the dilated black of his pupils .
she 'd decorated it herself using a palette of cool ocean blues and greens .
he could feel it coming through their link - could see in the way her eyes changed colors , leaning toward green as they did every time she got scared .
the muted blues and greens reminded her of the ocean on a calm day .
a swirling sea of blues and greens churned inside the band around his finger .
the walls were painted a soothing green that blended perfectly with the comfortable - looking leather furniture .
the luceria shimmered around her throat , glowing in pale , luminous plumes of jade and emerald greens .
the luceria shimmered under the bright bedroom lights , showing off an angry swirl of greens and maybe some blue .
a bandage covered his left temple and several bruises marked his face with sickly greens and yellows .
she tugged at the luceria , which pulsated in vivid greens and blues .
desire lit his eyes , making them a luminous green .
his eyes were open , a sexy , slumberous green , watching her .
soot blackened his hand , making the swirling jade green of his ring stand out in contrast .
a synestryn demon crouched behind a run - down three - story building , its eyes glowing a bright , feral green .
its eyes burned a bright , eerie green , telling logan that it had n't given up on a meal yet .
she looked and saw the demon headed straight for her , its eyes glowing an angry green , its teeth coated in the man 's blood .
his eyes were a deep , earthy green , set below thick , dark brows .
her irises were the same brilliant green as the lawn beneath their feet , and they were filled with concern .
` ` try the brown with the blue , and the green with the peach . ''
she stared at him for a long moment , looking fragile and beautiful in a pelisse of soft green trimmed in a darker color he could n't quite determine in the semidarkness .
the lawn was a deep , rich green , and she had always loved the feel of her bare feet sinking into the thick grass , like walking on a live carpet .
he 'd forgotten how damn green this place was , every shade of green in creation .
his eyes were a deep , intense green , glittering with a heat that had nothing to do with anger .
this close to him i could appreciate just how lovely the green of his eyes was .
north carolina trees are beautiful in deep autumn : greens , yellows , reds , oranges , every shade in between , their dazzling colours glowing with the sun .
the white and yellow lights of the town , interspersed with occasional reds and greens , seemed to be flickering , and jeremy could see plumes of smoke rising from chimneys .
when our refrigerator broke down , he bought a used one that was the world 's most awful shade of green , a color that matched nothing else in the kitchen .
the greens were blurring into blues in the dusk and then we were over dublin .
inside , there were dozens of tiny wrapped packages , some in the reds and greens of christmas , some in bright silvery paper with balloons and candles .
taking alexandra by the arm , virginia guided her toward a room that had been tastefully decorated in shades of muted greens and creams .
the cut of your gown is most flattering , and the emeralds look absolutely marvelous ; they really bring out the green in your eyes . ''
where his eyes were a chocolate brown , his mother 's were a sparkling green .
dressed in dark green , he was stunningly handsome .
remembering her eyes , a dark green touched with gold .
please - the red light winked out , but the green did n't come on .
he strolled in wearing a black suit , pale yellow shirt and another one of his geometric print ties , this one in greens , blacks and yellows .
crowds of beautifully dressed people clad in bright reds and greens mingled around the large wooden bar and buffet .
it was a clear , crisp day , and mixed in with the luxuriant green all around her she could see a tinge of fall colors here and there .
the colors bled and changed , going olive green , then a dreadful grayish cemetery tone with steely streaks .
` ` five brown ones , four yellows , two greens , one red , and a gold coin , '' michael said coolly , assessing the pile .
audrey pointed to an island painted in jewel - like colors , dark blue and dark green .
` ` and that 's alfheim , world of light and air , '' she said , nodding at an island that was much closer to them , shimmering in the colors of sunrise : yellow , pale blue , light green .
` ` how generous , '' she murmured , running her hands over a particularly vibrant ball of yarn - the green was the exact shade of her eyes .
placing his right hand on a panel , he waited until a flashing red signal switched to a steady green before he punched in a code .
i 'd been home from work for an hour when all at once the sky turned an ominous shade of grayish green .
i imagine using red for your passion and pale blue for your kindness ; forest green to reflect the depth of your empathy and bright yellow for your unflagging optimism .
to everyone else , it was just a drawing room , decorated in shades of cream and gold , with the occasional accent of the palest , mintiest of greens .
the trees , the birds , the precise shade of green as the wind ruffled the grass ... these were the sights and sounds of his childhood .
may had greened the grass and the trees , and the breeze stirred the green .
without the green . ''
as he let it form , the greens of spring , the blooms of it faded , withered , browned .
fingers , feet , eyes glowing unearthly green took shape as it crept closer to the pretty house with its generous deck and cheerful flowers raining out of glossy pots .
it smeared blood over the green of the grass , the bright petals of flowers , because it could .
the sunlight glowed gold ; the trees massed with thick green .
annoyance ran over his face , heated his eyes to a burning green .
his eyes narrowed suspiciously and the gold flecks in his irises glittered dangerously amidst the green .
if it were n't for the fire sometimes making the gold flecks glimmer among the green in his hazel eyes , she 'd wonder if he found the prospect of making love with her as abhorrent as she had the idea of intimacy with his father .
his pupils had expanded to almost obliterate the green of his irises , and in the flickering torchlight , dark swipes of color painted his cheekbones .
her hair was still a thick mass of shiny dark waves and her eyes were the same mesmerizing green , but her youthful softness had melted away to reveal exquisite bone structure .
he slid the stack across the wide table and focused on mitch 's eyes - eyes the same green as nadia 's .
the christmas card photo showed the four of them in matching outfits of green and red .
a huge school bus painted green - it 's running , and the driver is inching toward our tent .
` ` well you have n't seemed to mind them so far , '' he says confidently , shifting the car back into drive as the light changes to green .
even so , not for the first time , she was struck by how incredibly good - looking he was , with his olive - toned skin , dark hair and the pure , dark green of his eyes .
` ` i just want a healthy baby , boy or girl , though it would be convenient to know ahead of time so we can have a name picked out and a nursery decorated without having to use greens or yellows . ''
she was too fat and her eyes were a muddy brown instead of becks 's spectacular green .
sure enough he could see little tiny dots of green and gold in an endless sea of blue .
the skyline tilted , a brief flash of greens and browns .
the storefronts , long ago painted in bright blues and greens and pale pinks to reflect the victorian fishing village theme , had , in time , weathered to a silvery softness .
booze and cigarettes and too many bad years had chiseled away at her beauty , leaving only the stunning green of her eyes .
the tree in the corner of the room was huge and so clustered with ornaments you could barely see the green of branches .
james briefly left her side and returned a few minutes later , gowned in surgical green .
see , his eyes are kind of pale , that shade of green that leaps out at you if the person 's hair and brows are dark , which his were .
neon signs blaze around me in a kaleidoscope of color , blinking reds , greens , and blues on my pale skin .
the light changed to green and the car began to pull away , but the guy stuck his hand out the window and waved .
the old log and stucco house would smell like christmas , like fresh - cut pine , like cinnamon and vanilla and ginger , and would look like a magazine photo , with greens draping every window and doorway .
tall and exotic , with long dark auburn hair and eyes the same pale , luminous green as the piece of sea glass an aunt had sent him from florida one year , quinn had been his first love , his only love .
we 'll do everything just the way she used to do it , from the greens in the front hall to the candles on the mantel and in the windows . ''
soothing shades of greens with splashes of yellow .
he was tall , with dark hair , and eyes somewhere between green and gold .
he 'd bet he was the only one who knew how she took her coffee - no sugar , two creams - or what color sheets were on her bed - hunter green .
the room was appointed much like hers , too , although manly greens and browns predominated .
his glance traveled from her bare feet , complete with toenails painted mint green , up her slender calves to her creamy thighs , and ... his brain stalled .
it is as if she is a seedling , with a tender green strand pushing up through earth that resists her movement .
as she draws near , she sees a living room in perfect shape - green flowered wallpaper still in place , a table still set for dinner , a painting on the wall .
she reached into her pocket to pull out a silver chain with something that was a pale green at the end .
she opened her eyes , the green rimmed with a darker emerald , her golden lashes fluttering up to her brows .
` ` do n't forget to- '' something bright green whizzed by and slammed into zeke 's chest , shutting them all up as a frisbee clattered to the table .
she thrust the folded green set his way and turned away .
she cleared his fridge and cupboards of all that trendy bachelor fare and replaced it with the basic four of her home state - cholesterol , cholesterol , cholesterol , and greens .
` ` you could wear the green .
she turned toward the mirror and held the green up before herself once more , her expression contemplative .
i told you the green would be perfect for you . ''
all he registered was the way her face was barely an inch away from his , how her pupils expanded to nearly eclipse the green of her irises , and the way her lips parted in surprise at their landing .
he loved the understated luxury of the ambassador , loved the taupe walls and buff - colored , cleanly tailored furnishings with the dashes of blues and greens in the form of throw pillows and abstract artwork .
he could see the office towers across the highway , part of the hi - tech corridor outside carlyle , and , more distantly , the green of verdant hills .
` ` mommy , the green . ''
the walls were painted a forest - green , but what really caught he attention was the king - size bed with wine - red satin bedding and an ornately carved dark wood headboard .
the air was fresher than i had ever remembered , the grass was a beautiful bright green , the flowers were more vibrant and beautiful than the prettiest picture i had ever seen , and as i looked at the people around me everyone seemed to be happy and had a smile on their face .