they 'd been pushing him to find a suitable wife for years but zayn had been too focused on getting the country under control and establishing priorities for growth , as well as getting all of his agencies on the same time table .
he was fair , but would n't let other countries take advantage of his people and he worked extremely hard to make sure odar 's growth continued and his goals were met .
his country had grown in education , economics , technology , innovation and tourism under his rule and he intended to expand that growth even further in the future .
it made her think of the strength of traditions , while the more playful elements reminded her there was always room for change and growth .
over the past several months , she 'd offered several suggestions for improving the growth of his landscaping company .
as a grad student working towards her degree in psychology , she 'd read studies about both his work style and the meteoric growth of his company .
it was a big deal for his firm , one that could lead to an explosion of growth in the international marketplace .
even in the face of the worldwide economic recession he was able to maximize growth for the corporation , making his shareholders wealthier than they 'd ever dreamed .
with the increased usage of the internet and the growing popularity of e - readers , sales of print newspapers began to hemorrhage , but the growth of quest media 's electronic business was perfectly timed and business boomed .
luke could start by taking him to the job sites as a toddler , then by the time the boy understood how to avoid the pitfalls of the business and how to encourage garnier 's growth , he 'd already be familiar with the way the operation worked .
i had learned so much and was excited about the personal growth when it came to physical confidence and exploring sexual boundaries .
while some people had a five year career plan , hector had a twenty year growth plan and not just for his core company , but for the smaller companies that he had acquired .
by the way , this five to ten percent annual growth is pitiful .
with our new business model , you should be ranging more in the twenty to twenty five percent growth rate . ''
carlo , a financial wizard , who was in charge of investments and growth for ati , offered up some ideas he 'd wanted everyone to toss around about moving into the retail industry .
` ` you do n't mean the senior vice president for growth and technology , do you ? ''
somewhere that i could have more growth , learn the ropes on my own .
ever since jade had returned from her extensive work experience with designers in europe to set up business in sydney , she had been trying to fix nicole up with some guy , preaching one should keep involved with everything life had to offer , seeing nicole 's single status as unhealthy , even stunting her growth as a woman .
maybe having become a fully qualified nurse had contributed to the change in her , though her emancipation from critical parents was undoubtedly a factor in her growth as a person in her own right .
` ` intercorp is always interested in acquiring good companies in order to further our own growth and theirs . ''
the master plan for intercorp 's growth was his alone , and he altered it as he saw fit .
` ` actually , india has lots of great surfing , and his company has been targeting china as a new growth market .
' but the industry is showing signs of recovery , and we have a plan in place to get in first where this growth is happening .
slow - growth forests .
on the run from his house , with maya following bravely behind him , he 'd noted the astonishing growth of the wildfire .
she did n't want to stifle our moral growth with preconceived notions of right and wrong . ''
he 'd been a part of their growth and success .
but you should know that there 's a lot of opportunity for growth .
i saw an opportunity for growth and made an overture to buy their shares of stock . ''
his growth market , though , is in poker .
the stores in china are slowing down as their growth also slows , but the comparison is n't linear . ''
` ` ... the company 's revenues doubled in five years , and we 're projecting even more aggressive growth in the next five , '' drake jabbered , sounding proud of his accomplishments .
` ` at this juncture , we are seeking an injection of capital for marketing to enhance growth and revenue . ''
after a couple meetings , we decided to partner on the project , allowing me to put the money i had saved toward marketing instead , which had been critical for our early growth .
` ` the price is fair and the lease term gives you options for growth .
at some point , we 'll need to redevelop it anyway to accommodate large - scale growth .
we have high hopes for growth now that we have risa on the team . ''
we 're still working out the finer details , but this is a huge break for our growth , to expand beyond what we ' ve been doing and broaden our reach .
then the conversation came full circle as they talked about jack 's projects and the growth of keely 's physical therapy business .
to have my recommendations be key in their continued development and growth .
but i have merus and i take so much pride in his growth .
the cycle of the universe is birth , growth , death .
` ` and i think it 's stifling your growth as your own person . ''
ninian spoke feverishly of the growth of the church since christ 's time , some five hundred years before , of how joseph of arimathea , his dear friend , and mary magdalene , who had bathed his feet and dried them with her own hair , had come to england in the southern part , and founded a church on a sacred hill in somerset .
afterward , the growth was fast and steady . ''
` ` why the growth ? ''
if my brother did n't need you for his eternal happiness , and spiritual growth , and blah , blah , love , blah , blah ... '' she stormed across the room again .
` ` it does , but maybe i ' m entering a personal growth phase .
that did n't mean they did n't accept whatever business came their way and the growth that came with that .
and considering , strangely with the current economy there was growth still happening all around so there were more people paying taxes , the department had recently gone through cutbacks .
between rising inflation and slowing economic growth , we 're finding it more and more difficult to get stores to give a new product a chance .
it is my growth and my maturation - my work . ''
according to a special agent by the name of freeman , your husband 's been taking investors ' funds and funneling them into private accounts and privately held companies instead of putting them into the sld growth fund .
the infamous sld growth fund .
` ` some teachers are looking for growth . ''
` ` lots of growth . ''
i was n't the kind of man who was big on self - discovery and personal growth , only right now it did n't seem like fate wanted to give me the option of burying my head in the sand .
the terminally green , fiercely no - growth town council had long ago outlawed paper and plastic along with chain restaurants and condos .
yet many relationships are bound as much by hatred as love ; growth may come from damage ; and reality is complex .
let us try growth .
but - despite my emotional growth these last years - that 's just not how i roll .
there was rapid growth followed by long plateaus .
call it a growth experience .
` ` you ' ve been sent to us for your education , your personal growth , and your development into a young lady .
the other half belonged to her most essential self , that part of her that was devoted not just to the creator , or to service , but to true spirituality and growth .
she was convinced that even the worst situations could provide some opportunities for self - knowledge and growth .
but you ' ve curtailed the growth of others as well by not expanding your rule properly because of it . ''
` ` i ' m waiting for a massive growth spurt .
more than a decade had passed , one in which he 'd seen major growth , both in his personal and professional lives and in his feelings for liza .
the release is necessary to the growth of this world , true , but we ask for this boon . ''
teenage years were about personal growth and fun and finding your identity .
i think it was harvey firestone who said ' the growth and develop - ment of people is the highest calling of leadership . ' ''
i always wanted to be a writer - tell stories that would sweep readers away on a journey of laughter , tears , and growth .
` ` i think you have room for growth and your grade reflects that .
` ` now , stack on student loan debt , a struggling economy , poor job growth , and a depleted basis for internships , externships , and real - world experience that is crucial to success outside of these four walls .
` ` until the legislature has agreed upon terms that i believe will actually benefit north carolina , '' he said , pausing for dramatic effect , clearly wanting her to hear his words , ` ` rather than hinder the slow growth within our state , i will continue to fight for better terms .
it appears to be a growth area . '
we think we have put together a development plan that will give us the growth potential of the longer - term luxury - stay market , with the benefits of a more fluid short - term market , both designed to maximise revenue streams not just throughout the summer months but the whole year . '
i talked to him : about the vineyard , how frank had said the first buds of this year 's growth were about to show through , and that some supermarket buyer had made a special trip to see him all the way from perth because he 'd heard how good his wines were and wanted to stock them .
the sabotage operation was in place because the bureaus powers - that - be were terrified by the new growth projections .
by publicly embarrassing the church , they hoped to slow or even halt their growth .
the relentless growth on mars was fuelled by the baby boom , with no limit on the number of children a couple could have .
but cassiopia , this information is a part of what makes up the growth seminars one receives when one becomes a part of my organization .
here , shielded from the outside world , robots had scurried about unloading the many items which meant survival and growth for the vast enterprise above .
they continued forward , following the winding trails that reflected millions of years of forest and mountain erosion and growth .
these paths include enslavement , nuclear destruction , and peaceful flourishing growth .
it was strongly engrained in the minds of all human beings , that should the graphs and charts ever go down , all sorts of terrible things would happen , and growth would become ungrowth very quickly .
the problem was , through more ill conceived notions and shoddy paperwork , the bots had also been mistakenly programmed to have a dangerous desire for change and growth .
bad job by me : ) i also wanted to demonstrate his growth in the new book covers .
that will stimulate growth worldwide .
life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness had corroded into a mantra of greed , growth and power .
an expansion of the skull accommodated for a larger brain size , leading to the development of elaborate stone utensil use , along with the evolutionary growth of opposable thumbs making the crafting and handling of tools possible .
it was the most inspirational time in mankinds growth as a species , creating a place where the individual rights of its citizens served as the strong foundation that built america , but also where it almost ended .
` ` his growth will continue for cycles .
the lack of growth in the last factor , concerning mental development , can be directly attributed to the nulling effects of colvition on the novan mind over the past four thousand cas .
though they were ultimately killed in a supposed fuel accident at their headquarters , their perseverance set the foundation for legislation that halted the telrec growth , slowing down their encroachment onto novan freedoms for at least a millennia .
chapter two abandoned angel tech may have initially advanced mankind by millennia , but angel theology must have ultimately stunted our technological growth .
i wanted to plant the idea of growth into the players experience , said korliss .
you are all fortunate to become a small part in our glorious growth !
his community or his church or his family or friends should all be supporting him on a daily basis to get him through his childhood and direct him in his growth as a young man .
you are on a mission , and this is just part of that mission , and of your growth as a person inside of that mission is the most important journey you can take .
` ` aquarius is built for a half million , but population growth has been slow and life spans fairly short .
and with no need for a growth economy anymore , most cities ' reason for existence , that of an economic engine , disappeared too .
by murder , kings grew richer , and by more economic growth and wealth , a country can become a trusted leader .
throughout the centuries of growth , this system grows more and more unstable .
unlike their predecessors , however , it was during this quiet period that their minds soared within the overmind , contributing to its growth , absorbing its extended senses .
learning facilitates growth , facilitates acquisition .
the nationalistic morale of the united states that had been boosted by that latter event was bitterly deflated by the growth of russian luna , however .
sabrina , this growth rate is literally exponential .
i am aware of his unorthodox growth .
and with the growth of the gun collection , he d bought ammunition to fire out of said guns because they were a set and you ca nt break up a set .
but the human technological growth implied also demonstrated how dangerous the humans were becoming .
and the seynorynaelian empire was able to maintain its grip on its infinite worlds with the rapid growth of spaceship technology controlled by marankeil .
sometimes the smaller size of our cities has restricted us or limited our growth in other areasgathering resources and allowing more specialization in technology and industry .
the entire city of ariyalsynai and much of the surrounding landscape had been covered with a great dome that kept unregulated weather from interfering with the city 's growth , though the clear blue sky high above showed no sign of it .
similar ( but sober ) requests made to the federation council had been growing every yearand the energy input into educating and instructing the territories had begun to decelerate the growth of seynorynaelian technological advancement .
they also lived according to karma where their spiritual growth could only be gained by their actions in this life , their soul evolving within them , moving in time and space .
there was a new part of orange park that was booming with growth , just to the south of the main town , called fleming island , and new construction and housing were going up fast .
the farming ships landed soon after , and took immediate advantage of carillon 's lot 's fertile soil , whose texture and mineral content indicated a fine medium for the planting of accelerated - growth foodstuffs .
growth takes place in the time needed for the installation of programs , as for both intellectual and physical characteristics .
when they threw themselves into the fray , conversions began slowly , but very soon their growth spiraled .
` ` now let me seei would think that the dominating themes in economics nowadays would include ' economics based on growth ' , ' economics based on debt ' and perhaps ' social economics ' .
most of our economies are based on what we call growth .
low growth is a troublesome circumstance , zero growth is extremely bad news , and negative growth produces a poisonous crisis involving , among other things , high unemployment and a corresponding rise in poverty .
low growth is a troublesome circumstance , zero growth is extremely bad news , and negative growth produces a poisonous crisis involving , among other things , high unemployment and a corresponding rise in poverty .
it was outfitted with agriculture environments during the growth crisis , and given weapons for the first and second inter - solar wars .
chairs were expected to attend any and all charitable events in hopes of cultivating influences and leads for funds to harvard growth .
you said that sacrifice is necessary for growth , so the same must be true for all things , said arkane .
there is a caveat with respect to the exponential computational growth of a quantum computer .
in england riots and major protest lead to less dramatic government plans , as a result they were still struggling with sustaining growth of almost any kind .
growth in china was averaging between 3 - 4 percent for the past few years while strong in real terms it was barely able to starve off a recession due to major population growth and the ever increasing gap between the rich and the poor .
the arrows on the cross represent the outward individual growth these religions provide .
up is the traditional direction of attainment and growth .
the point to this little speech is that you should n't see this as a failure but as the beginning of growth .
` ` they are clones of the original and their growth has been accelerated almost ten fold .
how quaint bartering , cottage industries , no economies of scale , no growth imperative .
to the survival of sondranos and the growth of my people .
centuries of our civilizations growth and regrowth undone within a matter of years because of a new colony .
you both still have huge amounts of growth to go through .
yes , hecksford , she was very essential to the growth of the program .
` ` yes , after we used the first ones there were additional ones in progress and i continued their growth .
date - 2051.6092 the uncontrolled mobile units entered the organic processor growth room and they stopped .
gizmos growth had been so rapid , it was hard to keep him in clothes that fit him .
here in this small town of newport , there happens to be the promise of new beginning , the promise of growth and prosperity .
it is not my job to tell you how a strong and early industrial growth is essential to the creation of a well founded outpost of humanity .
it all makes sense from an investment and economic perspective , but not for the interests of fostering community , growth , and connectionbut well talk about community another time .
deathco has always been a growth industry , ever since clovis man 's flint arrowheads .
perhaps i have nt mentioned this muchbecause i shy away from the subject even in my own mindbut even with all we ve been through , after facing death and enslavement and growth and change , there has lingered a quiet shadow of terror in the background of my mind : the understanding , the belief , that he would one day come upon us unaware .
do i envy steffor 's growth as a guardian ?
as he had witnessed in his younger friend , vejax avoided the pressure to exceed oneself through the growth of his personal relationship with the provider .
he was proud to call steffor a friend and grateful for the opportunity to mentor his growth in this lifetime .
the emergence and rapid growth of this mysterious power aside , before steffor , calivera 's life had been very fulfilling .
in doing so , do we not limit the scope of experience and growth in each lifetime ? ''
thousands of short , frantic incarnations , desperate to survive and propagate , armed with knowledge that our experience gleamed from the dismal existence , no matter how brief or seemingly insignificant , added to the collective ; toward the growth and survival of the next generation , a generation we ourselves would be part of . ''
honesty with himself , that was the substance determining the growth of their relationship .
i do not believe my intentions to be malicious , simply , out of principle i do not wish to participate in the continual growth of that modality . ''
what principle prevents you from contributing to the growth of the provider ? ''
i no longer believe the races contribute to our growth .
` ` long i have prayed for the day you finally understood that our growth has nothing to do with what you want to believe .
our interdependence is as evident as ever and for reasons i am still trying to understand , our continual reliance on the four races jeopardizes the growth for all of us . ''
he wanted a place of worship that fostered a personal connection to god and always challenged that relationship according to growth and culture .
still , he sensed the event was a painful step in their collective growth that must occur if the provider and its people were to evolve .
tuned to this natural connection between citizen and source , the beloved race shifted the providers spirit to mend broken bone and flesh , to nurture the health and growth of man , tree and all living creatures alike .
how the collective experiences of all citizens fostered the continual growth of the provider .
but the gnosis he had possessed since early childhood had never been wrong and following its sapient message , until now , was always certain to manifest love and growth .
both left their homes anxious to prove themselves and contribute growth to their budding society .
diversity amongst all of us is the key to our universal growth .
conversely , every detrimental practice imposed on our collective psyche by a culture whose only interest is in its ongoing replication , taints the well of consciousness and prohibits any meaningful growth .
the church of salvation , at least the conservative majority in charge , have concluded destroying the fledgling movement now , before it can blossom and bear fruit and consequently they lose all hope of ever stopping its growth , and oppressing the public backlash with the same vigor , is the only option .
a world where the inherent harmony of quantifiable science and the mysterious , but undeniable , energy called god , never ceases to evolve or influence the positive growth of man 's mind , body and soul . ''
` ` yes , and it has contributed to my growth , our growth . ''
` ` yes , and it has contributed to my growth , our growth . ''
` ` the deagron played a pivotal role in our early growth .
citizens exemplify this process and contribute to my growth in ways no other life form can .
i had reached the limits of growth in my world as i imagine you have experienced in your own , naive way .
you suggest that our tradition of having the first - born prince as the heir hindered our kingdoms growth but its the very tradition that defines sarum .
its laser focus stimulated the growth of war science and after many years it became rogathian culture itself .
if were going to reach some tipping point with our growth , i want to know its coming before it hits .
particularly not at this point in our growth as a nation .
this , whatever this place was , must have been a fountain of knowledge , of discussion ... of growth .
it was an insult to perfect nature , the same way he thought of hypnotically controlled infrastructure itself an interruption to natural law and growth .
in the 21st century he would have looked too little to be eight , yet in 50th century manticore metropolis stunted growth due to malnourishment was common downtown .
after she got over the shock of being cast out ( cesdiud ) , she began a journey of personal growth that forms the measuring stick for the entire rome 's revolution series .
they make for a more interesting set of characters and allow us to follow their growth and evolution in a way that is completely relatable .
please , everyone , let us do the right thing for the good of our continued growth and prosperity as a nation .
i have found someone who has a degree in agriculture to lead the food growth committee .
it stood as my inspiration for growth .
but here you have life , and growth .
the messenger paused and then said , ` ` you have been observing and influencing beings with limited sway on the growth of all . ''
we can ensure decades of technological growth . ''
minah lowered her face into her hands and continued , ` ` they did not aid the growth of the tree .
most noteworthy of all , i found that they contributed to the growth of the tree in unexpected ways .
our guidance changed the growth of mankind . ''
if i can , i will use what i have learned to further the growth of all other trees here . ''
i m so happy to be here and i m looking forward to adding to the growth of your company , baldur , she offered with all the confidence she could muster .
the pacific rim 's the growth sector but with japan in recession , that market 's not placing orders .
it will take generations , roi , but in the end , we will be in the deep of a new , warm world , in pleasant caverns where the controlled environment will be conducive to the growth of every culture and refinement . ''
rather they were to be presented to his students and listeners , to all about him in short , in a polished perfection that showed neither birth nor growth .
imagine if the growth of the empire had been accompanied by the growth of science , technology and industry .
maybe when he came here he was just a simple mechanical man like all the rest of them , but the capacity for growth was there in his pathways , whether his makers knew it or not , and he 's made good use of that capacity .
` ` it was my job , at the time - or at least , my assignment from the senator - to investigate the electron pump and see if its establishment and growth were accompanied by undue waste and personal profit - taking .
the voice of the datastore whispered to him that the city was a reflection of a society warped , twisted , bent out of any shape that could make normal life and growth possible .
your city represents a slow growth , elijah .
he wanted to make a careful study of the method of its development , the fashion of its growth .
` ` i ca n't say i ' ve ever heard of a planet with that name in the course of the history of the galactic empire or during the period of its growth , for that matter , but i wo n't pretend to know the name of every one of the twenty - five million worlds .
its growth had peaked at the point where it was a planet - girdling city .
we may well lose the war through internal disarray and we will then certainly reverse the process of growth that has served the foundation so well for five hundred years . ''
from that first hesitant dip into mentat powers , idaho could trace the growth of a sensitivity to changes in his own observations , always becoming mentat .
a better map than the one marking the growth of the desert , she thought .
paul 's mind would be reflecting now upon the zensunni long koan : ` ` in the one act of predicting an accurate future , muad'dib introduced an element of development and growth into the very prescience through which he saw human existence .
` ` as a technology , it 's gone through its exponential growth phase , and it 's now approaching a commodity .
` ` it 's a growth , of course ; no doubt of that .
still , chen paid very well , and if the empire was going to rank growth and bad seed , planch had no qualms about avoiding the worst of the discomforts and misfortunes .
was it not inevitable that there would be unsuspected changes , growth , even under such tight strictures ?
they have always led to chaos , to top - down tyrannical rule rather than growth from the widespread base .
there are no severe limits to the growth of my cortex and its attendant nervous system . ''
it is tranquility , a fertile ground for the growth of rigid classes and many other forms of aggression . ''
` ` then the carefully nurtured growth and education - everything an exact opposite to your old friend , malky .
the least favorable condition controls the rate of growth .
because time also brings new things into existence ; it 's also the process of maturation and growth .
oppose free markets at your peril , club for growth notes bysteveweinberg an american anthropologist has concluded that neanderthals died from a genetic predisposition to resist change .
some scientists felt it was related to the eventual growth of the human brain , which doubled in the first year after birth .
put together , all these forms are the vast spiral of information that defines us , guides our growth , and makes sure our future looks like our past - they are the dna of the night watch .
you shift into log phase growth where they 're doubling every two or three minutes .
use it where needed , and growth will flourish .
then growth stopped .
` ` we 'd just provide a fantastically rich growth medium .
the problem of a rich growth medium was a peculiarly distressing one to the wildfire team .
the mathematics of uncontrolled growth are frightening .
this never happens , for a perfectly simple reason : growth can not continue indefinitely under ` ` ideal circumstances . ''
it was something that made his life easier , so he had let the explosive growth of this reportedly dangerous species continue beyond his ability to control it .
` ` there is no growth on the run , '' theriex said .
indeed , the growth of new orleans into a teeming and prosperous port city created an environment in which dozens of people could be questioned about the mayfairs without anyone 's ever noticing us or our investigators .
it has been speculated within the talamasca that rowan 's suppression of her telepathic power may have something to do with the growth of her telekinetic power , that she rechanneled her energy , so to speak , and that the two powers represent both sides of the same coin .
` ` so the year 1200 is the beginning of the high middle ages - a time of growth , when culture flourished . ''
` ` god grant you growth and increase , '' the monk said solemnly .
and the last form wore off , with nothing subsequent : no newer form , no next stage of what we see as growth , to take its place .
we try to urge you back on the path of real spiritual growth .
` ` you 're right , '' he confessed , his eyes gleaming , ` ` i am trying to deter you , to turn you back to your own growth and your own capacity to seek the truth .
you ' ve fallen into a trap that makes spiritual growth impossible .
* * * * * ost psychic abilities are caused by a simple lack of temporal focus , and the mind of agnes nutter was so far adrift in time that she was considered pretty mad even by the standards of seventeenthcentury lancashire , where mad prophetesses were a growth industry .
and it was a growth industry .
each study ended with similar tags : negative response , zero growth , indeterminate analysis .
the limits to growth .
i only sought to put the brakes on population growth , to gradually decrease the human biomass on this planet , to make sure we did n't hit that crisis point at full speed .
strangle the food to strangle the growth of the human population .
what 's the downside of such a growth industry ?
that amazing spurt of growth happened because of science and technology .
` ` but what will drive that growth ? ''
to accommodate its growth , he had turned the upper loft of his penthouse into his personal museum .
there was something exciting about the prospect of rebuilding that was , in its fashion , even more interesting than the initial growth .
each time , knowledge and growth were reduced to an almost prehistoric state - it took centuries of rebuilding to restore civilization to what it had been before . ''
this led to a fuller understanding by both , as well as to the growth of a body of cosmopolitan youths that eventually became the norm for the ruling class of the mallorean empire .
now , the gods of the land of dhrall chose not to interfere in the growth and development of the creatures of their domains , for they wisely concluded that the creatures should follow their own course in response to the world around them .
the world is experiencing an explosion of knowledge and growth , but what path does it follow ?
it may also be a reminder to the seeker that patience and persistence are necessary when nurturing growth .
a lesson on balance , teaching that extreme behaviour impedes achievement , progress and growth .
the 2028 ozone crisis has helped escalate the crop growth from nine months out of the year to twelve for the newly built city - state biospheres , housing people , plants , and animals , an adjusted life style on planet earth .
he could almost hear seth tell him this was an opportunity for growth .
i d forgotten how hard real growth can be .
she was addicted to opium and in my attempts to clean up fae society , i established many facilities to harbor and correct these plagues that have inflicted our growth .
it seems like he really enjoys working with the group and is excited about growth opportunities .
we need to continue the growth of our community , but currently have no means . ''
she felt exhilarated by the feeling of personal growth and contribution that flushed through her body .
discussions were had about the growth of birmingham , the economy and government policy .
hmmthe symbol of spiritual growth , eternal life , and undying love .
you have to be open to suggestions , challenges , and opportunities for growth .
the figures and graphs on his screen , detailing many stages of the subjects demise , and the viruss growth .
the first is that as a believer , you must set a pattern of bible study and christian growth .
i flew safely to vancouver and began a year of service , spiritual growth , and loneliness .
it was just the way of the world , change and growth .
this new growth is aggressive .
according to my sources , you had a large part in a.i corps growth .
we have nt gone through serious spiritual growth yet i stopped him curtly .
it should be a slow growth .
my assistants and i are thrilled with the growth and success of the plan .
this is a long road toward success and the challenges of growth and development in experience .
jeff just knows it will all be destroyed if things continue along this path of reckless growth and consumption .
spiritual growth is hindered by violent acts , according to union and most other organized religions .
i intentionally only provided you with the tools you needed to maximize your potential for growth for this very moment in your current development .
it is the need for experience to test the limits of reality in order for growth .
these are people whose guilt guide their growth the intent is not pure , so their lot is to pay the ultimate sacrifice with their lives as they rectify the decisions of their ancestors , this is their retribution to be a pawn in our rise .
for your hard work , perseverance , and growth , we salute you .
so much so , it is said , that roosevelt himself came to consider the new deal not simply as a new pact between government and the governed , but also a new contract between mankind and the planet to find common cause , to live in peace and harmony , to sustain one another and to foster continued mutual growth ... - excerpt from a brief political history of a warming planet the affair of the cordwainer , and my subsequent meteoric rise to political fame , began the saturday i returned to boot hill , my class a work chit literally in my back pocket .
maybe we are trying as a species to grow , as quickly as we can , a tool to complement the quick growth of our own communication technology . ''
my spiritual growth will just have to wait now , wo n't it ? ''
when we look at the world economy after world war ii , we see that the average growth rate during this period was approximately 4 per cent .
the economic miracle of growth in excess of 10 per cent over a ten - year period happened only in post - war japan , germany , korea and , to a certain extent , china .
on one hand , we see people as workers ; yet simultaneously , on the other hand , they are consumers the main internal demand engine and the principal alternative to growth through exporting our natural resources .
overall growth slows down ; important projects never take off .
but the energy generated by the fall of the wall , and by societys general growth it fades .
although how can you call it growth when you see what they are doing in america ?
it knows that it is an eternal being that ca nt be destroyed , and just wants to experience emotions and spiritual growth .
to see cause and effect , development , growth , change , and so on .
for what is the present after all but a growth out of the past ?
they are still a proud people who are contributing to the growth of our country in a positive way .
wil was aware that urbanisation and its relentless growth around the globe were being fed by rural people immigrating into cities , and a job .
these people were becoming instruments of another birth , that of city growth , consumption of natural resources , benefiting from technological innovation , and in doing so , the loss of individual identity ; their families and forebears somewhere else , and probably , a rural place .
putting before us the fulfillment of a mature and developed personality ; a real growth in concrete circumstances , he comes to embody and to , finally , teach by example the possibility of perfection of man as a physical and spiritual personality .
civilization never starts by natural growth , but only by cultivation .
rather than travel from city to city , building churches , assisting their growth , debating their adversaries , paul was stuck behind bars .
while we created debt out of thin air , china runs on capital and has the kind of growth rates we used to enjoy .
lars added , and our country had its greatest growth during the late 19th century because of the policy of low taxes .
once the income tax and the federal reserve bank legislation was passed by the federal government , the growth of a large socialist government was just a matter of time .
work hard , save money and invest in new productive enterprises that will bring more growth .
when the government went to debtism as a form of economic growth , the picture was quite different from earlier times in america , amanda explained .
it is written on the board : metabolism -- - > diet system reproduction -- - > relationship physical comfort -- - > residence security -- - > protection and defense movement -- - > activity and communication systems growth -- - > education health -- - > hygiene a famous anthropologist wrote this chart .
we are gods , creators , free to create and make the universe as we see fit , to create love , or hate , death , or growth .
the building , a squat cylinder of green marble and reflective glass , had been purpose - built by the company as a testament to its phenomenal growth in the early nineties .
we will have to be careful to manage the growth so it does not manage us .
now why is it that anyone does not want development , people , tourism and growth and be willing to go to extreme lengths to keep it from happening ?
it was anticipated that growth would require more policing .
it made the cocaine trade seem like small potatoes , if the growth curve kept up .
they have enjoyed unprecedented economic growth and prosperity since joining the european union , but the so - called celtic tiger economy is now beginning to look a bit tired .
we have had a decade of growth , peace and sheer pleasure for living since the civil war that crushed our city ; but our people have become once more , used to road blocks and army guns coming and going at a moments notice .
president shimon peres of israel has already agreed to embrace this momentous change , which is hardly surprising since bashar al - assad is dead and it releases his people from years of conflict , into a period of peace , growth and prosperity .
we are now witnessing extreme capitalism whose only means of survival is exponential growth through ever increasing consumer debt and ever increasing consumerism achievable only if people continue to live beyond their means .
he invested wisely , trained himself in the stock markets and currency markets , employed researchers to help him pick growth stocks , and he soon hit upon the idea of industrial espionage - he had the contacts and the skills , and he was not afraid to break the law or kill people .
the fund is managed by payne shaiman and seeks out the strongest growth investments for -- blah , blah that was enough of that .
the saxon fund serves high - end investors who seek a low - risk environment for long - term growth and wish to partner with respected investment strategists steves eyes involuntarily shot to the middle of the page .
on page two it says , he began reading , the mission of the saxon fund is to seek out safe growth investments in international markets for a select group of founding partners .
u.s . space satellites noticed this rapid growth , but china was starting to grow everywhere , and photos of all of zedong electronics new manufacturing plants disappeared into different files and nobody thought to look at this massive growth - area any closer .
chapter 22 2013 was nearly over and in guinea bissau , the regional trade and industry growth workshop meetings were drawing to a close .
her speech was concluding and the delegates listened closely as she addressed the pressing issues before them ; external debt , national banking , universal health care , basic income for all , partnerships not treaties , education and sustainable growth .
because there was that stadium in 2008 , after less then 30 years spectacular economic growth .
yet we give our constant attention to this cyber plane no doubt aiding its growth and fueling its power .
its a growth industry , and you need a job .
the one development that creeps in our society is the unstoppable growth of the human race .
what you see now on the screen is a graph showing the link between periods of war and periods of economical growth .
vis -- vis investments and growth there is a can - do mentality , rather than a bean counter point of view .
the current infrastructure and the squeezed economic model , does not allow for growth .
the use of biological or nuclear weapons is unpredictable and misses the point of destroying the infrastructure that is in high need of being replaced and will be the engine of economical growth .
the results that came back in order to achieve positive growth in our civilisation was the need to extinguish a number of well defined historical hotbeds .
filippi and the members allied with him are itching for war with germany , which they think will spur the commercial and industrial growth of the nation .
maybe it was bargain hunters , but the buyers were n't any of the ` ` growth '' mutual funds that might have been expected to lead the action .
they seemed to be looking for outfits with substantial r & d operations : the focus was on creativity , growth sectors , the sunrise industries .
for now we believe that the expertise in our ministry of international trade and industry is most appropriate since it has guided corporate growth in japan for many years with undeniable success . ''
but i believe it is a growth industry , given current trends .
one for the left hand tower - american legislative exchange council , americans for prosperity , club for growth , council for national policy , focus on the family , heritage foundation , peterson institute , voxx news .
see how china and india strive for growth .
now consider that you have to fight others with the same growth potential , probably to death : in a situation like that , what do you think would be the obvious way to spend your points ?
on the one hand is our need to use what we have you would probably call it exploiting to make our roads better , our factories functional , our schools equipped and needless to say , stop our energy needs from crippling economic growth .
in recent years fao focused more on pro - active programs such as pest management , food price initiatives , local food growth programs , and the world food summit .
the re - growing agricultural growth and redevelopment or something like that that the un has adopted ? ''
unfortunately , the growth of his clandestine business also came within the attention of several interested parties : most of them competitors .
they succeeded in building that railroad , and it did usher in a new era of growth and dominance for a fledgling nation .
this plant was built in waterford back in 1964 when atlantis aircraft was experiencing a huge growth spurt .
tony has contributed to the growth and success of the familias company .
islam is the new growth industry in vote cultivation amongst your most honourable colleagues , as well as the opposition parties .
feed them with grains to aid their growth ; as you know , growing bigger attract more sales , that means more cash to start your schooling .
promoting nigerias growth is our heritage .
to test the digital publishing waters , he authored two e - books : impetus for growth and realty reality , which are available on amazon , apple ibookstore , barnes & noble nook store , diesel ebook store , kobo , sony reader store and smashwords .
impetus for growth explores the financial , energy and food sectors in south korea ; dynamic engines of growth that hold huge potential for foreign investors .
impetus for growth explores the financial , energy and food sectors in south korea ; dynamic engines of growth that hold huge potential for foreign investors .
the company has a powerful influence on your economic development , politics , media and culture , and has been a major driving force behind your growth , right ?
he concludes that capitalist countries will have higher economic growth in the first two decades of independence , which will be followed by a slowdown .
by allowing english to be an associate language , we are depriving ourselves of a fuller emancipation and growth .
corea is homogenous , and should have remained a presidential system as it would have benefited your future growth .
businesses are all about marketing , profitability , and continued growth .
however , a weak government in its futile attempts to stem the economic decline mistakenly thought that reducing the constraints on the so called wealth creators would generate growth ; it did nt .
despite this influx of foreign money , britain had little financial reserve to generate growth .
instead of the cpp consolidating their position , internal power struggles between hard - liners , moderates , and the effects of infiltration by government agents , had diminished its rapid growth .
this multi - million dollar project will bring jobs , a new vitality to the area , and will provide a much - needed anchor for further industrial growth in the area .
i think it 's important to not let the place run over with growth .
it was during this explosive growth period that i met a man online .
this story was about corruptionthe new growth industry , and powerful people went to great lengths to protect themselves .
we all thought it was something to do with natural expansion , preparing for future growth .
i hated change but knew it was essential to my own growth and development .
but they re looking for growth .
if things do not improve or if farmers can not resolve the slow growth problem , europe could be facing a greatly reduced maize crop this year , resulting in inflated prices .
it is destined for continued growth around the globe .
but we are aggressively pursuing growth , particularly overseas .
in short , sun was saying , we believe there is room for a lot of growth within china and were still working toward that .
they figure approximately how much time has passed by adams growth and sis shirleys lessening .
emotion stirred up by the murder of martyrs seemed to be what sustained the growth of the church .
according to what he 'd read , the houses around the golf course were palatial mansions based on designs from the gilded age of the late 1800s , when america experienced economic growth and the rich built themselves vast homes resembling , apparently , french castles .
my position pretty much covers everything from data , telecommunications , development , and growth . ''
if the politicians and elected officials do nothing to stop the governments growth , then someone like jerrick ray davis will stand up and take over .
a government doing the opposite stifles businesses ' growth .
well take our government and chop it in half , making the u.s . legal system friendly to businesses again , jerrick explained and then added , well jumpstart the engines of economic growth then well raise an army and expand our empire , creating even more jobs , dan added , cutting jerrick off .
the empire used this petroleum to invest in cuba , fostering its growth .
my truly , truly fair down on the farm life is lived by routine , by cycles of growth and decay .
mister wilson , the pupils here have far more real concerns than whether we are stunting their creative growth .
around this time is where they came to the theory of galaxial restraint tempering the growth of intelligent beings .
six years on from the turn of the new millennium the previously dormant backwater transformed itself into one of the most dynamic growth economies on the planet .
he wore a tight black t - shirt that read multiple sex offender across the chest , and looked like an nfl middle linebacker who snacked on human growth hormone .
but its the personal growth , and the fact that she remains a happy and free child , is what i think would make beth most proud .
` ` always remember , arrica , that we are a little company in a growth industry just trying to make ends meet . ''
and she worried about the children , not only the obvious problems of health and nutrition , but also their education and spiritual growth .
scientific growth is exponential .
it amazed him to think the vatican was failing at every turn to provide coherent , stringent guidelines for spiritual growth and yet somehow still found time to give astrophysics lectures to tourists .
exponential growth .
the staggering power of geometric growth was something she dealt with all the time in her work .
clearly the ravings of a lunatic genius , the soliloquy of bertrand zobrist - delivered in the guise of the plague doctor - was laden with references to dante 's inferno and carried a very clear message : human population growth was out of control , and the very survival of mankind was hanging in the balance .
exponential growth , sinskey mused , recalling zobrist 's graphs illustrating the human population explosion .
zobrist is using the exponential growth of viruses to combat the exponential growth of people .
the late 1970s were years of growth and change and excitement .
the next five years witnessed a period of incredible worldwide growth .
` ` ladies and gentlemen , '' tony began , standing with a half - eaten croissant on the plate before him , ` ` the purpose of this meeting is to inform you that we will remove sheila mccarthy from the supreme court in november and her replacement will be a young justice committed to economic growth and limited liability . ''
one day very soon he 'd roll it over into aggressive growth finds , with emphasis on the far east .
we 're seeing a gdp growth rate upward of ten percent a quarter - faster than any nation has grown without massive upheaval .
our conglomerates increasingly depend upon the chinese dynamo for their own growth .
anything that slows china 's integration into the community of nations , we know , will also serve as a drag on the engines of her growth .
` ` nobody 's disputing that china 's growth rate has been impressive , but the question is whether that 's sustainable , and what the global consequences are , and whether we 're not seeing the beginnings of a bubble , as far as foreign investment goes . ''
the laws that supported competition in the marketplace he attacked as stifling to the larger agenda of industrial growth from which would flow all manner of benefits for everyone -- well , practically everyone .
an industrial monopoly could move into a void and take over my government because it represents stability and growth . '
like most small towns in the south , it was sprawling in all directions with no plan for its growth .
as are my contributions to the growth of paravacini industries .
a professor told us last year that bankruptcy was the growth area of the future , what with uncertain economic times and all , job cutbacks , corporate downsizing , he had it all figured out .
it was a thirty - minute video about superhouse - its brief history , its current position in the market , its ambitious growth plans .
for regardless of the complexities of growth and the excesses of diversification , the fundamental practice of banking had remained constant since the time of the pharaohs .
no allowance for necessary growth . '
` ` we ' ve been strategic partners in the past , but a more formal consolidation would , we believe , ensure the long - term growth of both our companies . ''
you just bought stock in a growth industry , irv . ''
you could retard its growth by calling in favors ( and cap had called in ten years '' worth just to keep himself in the saddle this last winter ) ; you might even be able to force it into remission .
i also believe it can accelerate growth .
in practical terms , if a strain of luca is introduced into an acre of food crops , that entire plot of land could be contaminated in less than a day , with exponential growth after that . ''
the french understand this - and endeavour to prevent such growth .
it was the lack of a clear reason that got to celeste most , and it stabbed her that a relationship that had once seemed unbreakable could slip apart so easily due to nothing more than time , family turmoil , and growth spurts .
grief , it seemed , was definitely a growth industry .
i heard of the difference of sexes ; and the birth and growth of children ; how the father doated on the smiles of the infant , and the lively sallies of the older child ; how all the life and cares of the mother were wrapped up in the precious charge ; how the mind of youth expanded and gained knowledge ; of brother , sister , and all the various relationships which bind one human being to another in mutual bonds .
i simply want you to use your infernal powers to dispatch this threat to my company 's economic growth . ''
alexander realized that he could be the one to be instrumental in his sister 's growth .
practical and low risk with plenty of opportunity for growth . ''
you continued : ` ` apparently each century yields a new kind of vampire , or let us say that our course of growth was not set in the beginning any more than the course of human beings , some night perhaps i will tell you everything i see - these spirits who were never clear to me when i was mortal - i 'll tell you about something armand confided to me , about the colors he saw when he took life , how the soul left body in waves of radiating color ! ''
commerce gives one this feel , that false sense that there is growth and creativity , perhaps , when there is none .
i marvel at the small miracles of kindness that pass between humans , i marvel at the growth of conscience , at the persistence of reason in the face of all superstition or despair .
` ` it has a destiny of its own , a growth towards something wonderful , which our father is intent on ruining .
this acceptance grows with the years , for they see so many cycles ... life , death , growth , change .
we can lose interest in life , in seeking change and growth , only we do not die .
that is the natural order , and that event was imperative for your growth and safety .
in the city , we did n't have enough space for their growth . ''
whereas , humans ... well , humans ' growth is limitless . ''
` ` i mean , i know change is necessary for growth and all that stuff .
they see shadow falls as standing between them and their gangs ' growth potential . ''
daniel spoke of the trees and the seasons , of growth and loss , of the changes that they all had to endure .
as such , we ' ve been busy on earth , trying to find a suitable way to aid in the growth and development of the colony you are starting .
in each of these , the hollywood sign is stark white against the hill in the background , my own personal growth chart .
new growth .
it 's the next step to our growth . ''
there were very few people i actually hated , but this woman who 'd used and corrupted him , forced his growth in a direction that suited her ... i hated her more than anyone i 'd ever known .
` ` adam , do think this record represents your growth as a songwriter ? ''
like growth and change , things turning over and becoming other things .
reverend w. crane was just sayin ' yesterday that he was mighty concerned about these boys ' spiritual growth . '
the growth finally slowed and stopped .
my mental growth .
after a slow start , the growth came rapidly .
defense contracts have guaranteed affluence to a handful of corporations and subsidized their growth , while the wages of workers have diminished .
it makes sense to me that he finally figured out that college radicalism was not destined to become a future growth industry .
and your stores in particular have lots of growth opportunity .
it 's a remarkable period in the growth and beautification of the city on its journey to the twentieth century . ''
it was a remarkable growth rate .
he sells the cargo for the best price , takes his commission , and then we divide the spoils amongst the crew ... what with the war dragging on , prizes have become a growth industry , and the agents have been cheating us for years with impunity , like they ve got a licence to print .
i suppose the application of this kind of systematic society had allot to do with the driving force behind the growth of the industrial revolution and we have allot to thank it for on that score but there was no governance as to what we left behind in favour of this new found mass - education / mind training , and no plan made for its monitoring .
talk about big fish he said as he graced the view from his penthouse office suite whilst striding across the large window space and admiring his own reflection , i can feel it , its a time of growth , a time for expansion , i love it his voice bold and firm , relishing in the feeling of power he got from being in the office .
the media had paved the way for the growth of the new industry by presenting the compelling argument for its benefits , employing the use of celebrity to sell the idea .
the 1980s , the decade that was to set a new pace for future growth .
we are responsible for the protection and growth of our investment .
none worked harder than the working class the new role and status for the commons , the cogs that kept the economic growth machine working .
the brain has massive potential in every being but the environment it is subjected to dictates the limits and realities it is bound by through the growth direction of the mind .
as the growth rate of a spoken idea will increase exponentially .
whilst the greater contingent of our societies panders un - wittingly to the growth strategies of the super rich who care not who suffers as a result of their offences , but make gestures from their stance of guilt - shifted - denial which allows them to carry on this way the very same common contingent cry at the televised appeals and give out from their own meagre allowance to try to help the suffering .
the city was built on too steep a slope for carts to be able to climb the hill , which had clearly shaped the growth of the town she 'd never seen anything so haphazard .
why is it that certain people spend their entire life in search of enlightenment and personal growth ?
i hope you take something positive away from india and that its provided you with some personal growth .
this generated many more millions when he sold it within twenty - four months , and from this day on he only invested his money into emerging internet companies in early stages of growth .
we can limit our food growth to rabbits and chickens , but not a grazing animal like a cow .
its not a natural instinct for us to do so , but we need to remember that with pain comes knowledge and with trials comes growth .
shipping , either riverine or maritime , is a keystone for growth and development .
no growth , enhanced , equals no growth still .
no growth , enhanced , equals no growth still .
the more they altered the more control they had over its growth and production .
how can it be good for our own morality and spiritual growth , to keep quiet in the face of plain lies , false claims and evident manipulations ; and at the same time enable others to hold on to faith in a false guru or politician ?
probably small goldfinch was right in saying that the guru bird did not want the job to be done well , he only wanted the birds to repeat endlessly their mistakes until one day they were illuminated and realized that things can be made differently and much better , simpler ; that it is not advisable to interfere with any bird 's work , only to help them to commit mistakes , as it is most beneficial for their personal growth .
no one doubted that they practiced , for mutual spiritual growth , only magnetizing rubbing pecks .
a real guru bird is interested only in the spiritual growth of his disciples not politics and money .
with frank , however , his face showed another kind of puzzlement , perhaps one of not understanding why frank was nt beside him , as if frank should be working on the final report , encouraging the bulldozers progress , continuing his upward bound professional growth as a young professor .
began development of financial markets , the government actively explore the land , mass development of satellite cities together with creativity and social atmosphere inclusiveness , blossom , so regardless of industry and commerce , construction , even to have a significant growth in the creative industries , i like to watch old -hour domestic comics , but now this is really non- pity than . ` `
i assumed the gold rush , the civil war issue of states rights and the westward growth of civilization were responsible .
it may instead be as simple as giving in to small minds , reinforcing bigotry to satisfy a personal need to have his other friends , rather than encouraging growth and acceptance , or growing , himself .
` ` they 'll find a way to drain the purse , private sector economic growth they call it . ''
an income statement shows the past money transactions where the money was spent and can predict any future money performance such as generating cash for the future growth .
post 9 - 11 paranoia , anger , and vigilante mentality had given rise to the germ - like growth of an intelligence culture burgeoning at a cost that would enrage the average american tax payer .
like wise the great depression saw the growth of another type of organization in paragon city .
it is in these areas i hereby swear to pour myself , fully , for your growth .
call upon the earthly essence within you to help you achieve your growth !
the problem is the growth of the essence .
chapter 2 - decisions chapter 3 - getting there chapter 4 - eden chapter 5 - into danger chapter 6 - waiting chapter 7 - the academy to the west chapter 8 - getting up to speed chapter 9 - first day of class chapter 10- fight chapter 11 - tutoring chapter 12 - test chapter 13 - missions chapter 14 - growth chapter 15 - new adventure chapter 16 - pied piper chapter 17 - back to training chapter 18 - spring heel jack chapter 19 - scarborough fair chapter 20 - the past chapter 21 - doppelganger chapter 22 - destiny chapter 23 - ascension chapter 24 - closure chapter 25 - next generation chapter 26 - new hope chapter 27 - prelude to chaos epilogue * * * * * chapter 1 and so it begins .
you re armed with the lessons learned from our past and the wisdom from countless lifetimes of personal growth .
groups of tireless children ran between the mill and the farmhouse , where a secondary growth of the main party had developed .
the growth of the void would take some time .
if there were too many kobolds like you , the races growth would be slowed .
her distress was the catalyst that triggered this growth .
whether we feel it or not , it is there and every animate being has a responsibility to shape it in the best way they can for the growth of all .
you get three witches together , and you have safety , you have a coven , you have a place of purpose and meaning and growth .
under similar circumstances , a third wall was built generations later , but even this failed to constrain the citys growth .
bright blue eyes , uncolored by time and human growth , looked out at her from the pictures .
if getting rid of tewsbu was supposed to be such a blessing , such a growth opportunity , such a grand chance to become a better person , then why not make other dramatic overnight changes ?
green for new growth .
better that she think i 'd been hiding the growth of a true , meaningful relationship , than she think that i 'd tumbled into bed with the first guy in a year who 'd swung from our street lamp and serenaded me by moonlight .
i am the deliverer of life , the power of growth , the gift of birth .
even krage is amazed by myrels spiritual growth .
you need nt assume that i have any interest in your intellectual growth .
the shape of the area in which growth was not taking place was not seen as unusual either .
well , seeing as how i m not here to educate you on group harmonics and personal growth , how about you answer my question ?
during many long discussions with prince daro , he had questioned the stilted growth on ibea and the lack of development or evolution .
lindor needs no guards ; all the realms have agreed this is a place of learning and growth , not power .
i always seek new growth , so as not to stagnate or smother the old .
we will allow our state to grow but we need to monitor its growth so that these wants do not become too much for us to be able to provide for .
this mere sketch of the development of culture - bearing breeds gives a picture of the growth , of the activity , and - the decline - of the true culture - founders of this earth , the thoroughbred felines themselves .
always worrying the new growth will start to show !
apparently , just like the surge of fruitless matings and suicides that had afflicted lurien , disturbing the natural circle of life and death and raising questions as to the purity of the mates substance and even that of the sacred river , so had feerien been plagued by this shy death , whose growth and advance posed an equal threat to the survival of the feeres .
eve thought more then added , ` ` i like that more notes say , ' he intended for us as his children to be successful in life , ' and that , ' life is an opportunity for us to experience growth and to learn . '
deep and lasting joy comes through serving others and great spiritual growth results in such selflessness .
norse society considered it prudent for a man to refrain from the pleasures of women until he had entered his twenties , when he could be sure that he was nt going to stunt his growth from his maximum potential .
he then added on another untraditional bit we are extremely proud of their success and have even more faith in their continued growth and success in the future , that we may share in their happiness as we go through the years as a community .
is the principle of alliance against growth .
growth very slow , but taking place at hundreds of different places at once .
our growth rate was fantastic .
the growth of the plant , intricate and beautiful though it was , was only a small part of the growth of the universe , and an incomplete picture of it .
in the different form they want the liveliness to be in their houses , the productivity to be growth and life to come into existence in their houses .
the power of destruction , of creation , feeding off the earth and encouraging growth in its ashes .
while the law required nothing more than labor , placing that many young women in close proximity to that many young men inevitably resulted in the growth of relationships and the conception of children - which was the point of the law , tavi suspected .
lord vetinari had encouraged the growth of the guilds .
they had seen her training , her growth as one of the protectors of the throne .
hunting djinn , using the djinn to power the growth of the antimatter weapon .
black belt in shopping , no kids , no dogs , no husband , money market account diversified into international growth and mutual funds .
the constant occupation , along with the rapid growth , had at least temporarily eased temeraire 's unhappiness .
i could n't stop the storm without pulling power through my demon mark , and that would increase its rate of growth and burn away at what was left of my soul .
i will see now what is their shape and way of growth . '
' nay , time does not tarry ever , ' he said ; ' but change and growth is not in all things and places alike .
now tells the tale that one came unto tinwelint , and tinwelint knew him not for the wild growth of his hair -- and lo !
before the inwir left valinor belaurin ( palurien ) ~ gave them a seed , and said that it must be guarded , for great tidings would one day come of its growth .
happiness , growth , love .
` ` it makes no sense , a sudden surge of human growth hormone in a twenty - three - year - old man ?
ascended masters remain attentive to the spiritual needs of humanity , and act to inspire and motivate its spiritual growth .
` ` only when we reconnect with god does true growth occur .
arthur said , ` ` some things must happen , james , for growth to occur . ''
they also knew that life presented many wonderful opportunities for real growth , too , but they would never force me to return , ever , and respected my decision to stay .
if the universe unfolds according to the model i gave john , that distant afternoon , the growth of mankind is as governed by universal laws as matter is by entropy .
whilst these two states were heavily reliant upon agriculture themselves , at least they had good communications and land upon which to base future growth , but to have growth in any area there has to be both long- and short- term investment .
whilst these two states were heavily reliant upon agriculture themselves , at least they had good communications and land upon which to base future growth , but to have growth in any area there has to be both long- and short- term investment .
hamilton would have said you have to have jobs and economic growth to get back to a balanced budget .
and so i would be committed , first of all , to a program of jobs and economic growth .
` ` cxvi while modern westerners , especially jews , can boast of tremendous academic credentials , this has been accompanied by a serious growth of ignorance , at least on topics concerning their own societys historical development , practical skills , relating abstract ideas to reality , and individual life philosophy .
the skeptical attitude of jamuqa that under terms he could nt disguise had slow and vast effects on his mental growth .
nora k. chadwick and victor zhirmunsky , oral epics of central asia , 1969 ( chadwicks material from her growth of literature , 1940 ) old but never obsolete was the major source for my sketch of a uriangqot song - type in chapter 8 , along with the plot of joloi and yesugeis hymn to irle khan .
we need to stimulate continued growth here in southern california , and i am committed to showing results before i come up for reelection in ' 68 . ''
we were , in his opinion , constrained by too many laws that limited our intellectual growth , and we had not evolved much culturally , specially when compared with the achievements of the greeks or even of the romans .
the roman client , king herod ( most likely the great builder herod the great ) , erected a long stoa on the east , and agrippa ( c.63 bc -12 bc ) encouraged the growth of a new suburb south of this .
you could describe the growth of the church , the first families , the main events of those years .
a time of spiritual growth .
thereafter the trade declined with the growth of the falkirk tryst .
with each row , he felt the pang of childbirth as he reaped the tender growth he had sown in the land and his heart .
` ` aristotle told me that you must accompany him to pella for your own growth .
trinity wells was in the southern part of colorado territory , out of the gold country and therefore out of the mainstream of the bustling growth of the area .
though the city was over fifteen years old , the arrival of the railroad only four years earlier had been the fuse to touch off the boomtown growth in adobe city .
their industry and hard work stimulated the growth of the region and brno grew in importance until it became an incorporated city in 1243 .
at first there was no plan to its growth .
so a slow growth ?
a slow growth in the past .
copyright 2014 all rights reserved cover artwork copyright 2014 sebar publishing isbn 978 - 1 - 930246 - 56 - 0 publication date 09/2014 tx pending library of congress http : //www.sebar.com chapters 01 beginnings old and new 02 comancheria 03 the journey with friends and foe 04 lonely trail of tears 05 eldoradoville 06 ranch job 07 building growth 08 monarchs and water 09 the water wars 10 old baldy bruins 11 a glycerin of gleason 12 sky echo 13 reunions 14 times change 1987 glendora other sebar stories chapter 01 beginnings old and new now let me tell you my life story boy .
chapter 07 building growth it was a moment i had not expected .
however , with all this growth , our ranch remained the same , aging a bit , but the same .
the navy had a small mission there keeping an eye on japanese naval growth and development .
i wanted to get into the growth of green bay and its gradual assumption as capital of a united country , i wanted to do some history of westward exploration by the jolliets , and i wanted to include some early trading between the colony of canada ( new france ) and the louisiana colony .
do we have growth on our bottom ?
from what we have already ascertained from mr . smith , it is apparent that mormonism presents an even greater threat to this nation than slavery , if only because of its phenomenal growth and its appeal to the more simple - minded and ignorant members of the populace .
but last year , 1883 , had been a banner year for growth and rebuilding .
he wanted to be remembered long after he was gone for both his wealth and his contributions to western growth , in the form of a new town .
we see no end to growth while life lasts , no cessation of unfolding , of continual outpouring of form from chaos .
i knew a monk who would have called all those hard lessons opportunities for personal growth .
this vampire which is amongst us is of herself so strong in person as twenty women , she is of cunning more than mortal , for her cunning be the growth of ages , she have still the aids of necromancy , which is , as her etymology imply , the divination by the dead , and all the dead that she can come nigh to are for her at command ; she is brute , and more than brute ; she is devil in callous , and the heart of her is not ; she can , within her range , direct the elements , the storm , the fog , the thunder ; she can command all the meaner things , the rat , and the owl , and the bat , the moth , and the fox , and the wolf , she can grow and become small ; and she can at times vanish and come unknown .
although father worked throughout the week , mother was temporarily laid off from her job as the company was experiencing a lag in growth .
something had shadowed over her spirit that exact minute and for the rest of her lifeand with it , also brought a tinge of curiosity , with a growth rate developing more and more as time progressed .
i heard of the difference of sexes , and the birth and growth of children , how the mother doted on the smiles of the infant , and the lively sallies of the older child , how all the life and cares of the mother were wrapped up in the precious charge , how the mind of youth expanded and gained knowledge , of sister , brother , and all the various relationships which bind one human being to another in mutual bonds .
initially , his power limited its growth , but little by little it expanded within him .
i merely control it , limit its growth .
i am certain , considering that i have assisted to the growth of every individual of this village , that nobody here would have never the insane desire to burn the house of some fellow citizen of his . ''
you will have put to hard test , but it is a fundamental passage in the growth of your spirit and above all for the future safeguard of it . ''
that 's the joy of growth and progression .
children grew up blonde and tall , with thick , strong shoulders , and the rich soil that provided generations of german farmers with abundant crops and dairy pastures caused prosperity and growth .
we need to remove some other things from your life , create space for growth .
tired of the mental dirt cluttering his mind and fostering the growth of toxic weeds .
the result will improve our current security and stimulate future technological growth .
a catalyst for immediate growth .
- benjamin disraeli seeds of faith are always within us ; sometimes it takes a crisis to nourish and encourage their growth .
it seems he was not so smart at wife - killing as he was at picking growth stocks .
she was n't supporting as much growth as bill , but perhaps had more natural talent .
let me say first and foremost that i am stunned by the rapidity of your growth as an artist .
she could n't read it from where she lay and did n't have to ; the latin words for service , growth , and courage were inscribed around a torch .
' ) , you were hardly aware of the slow growth of drunkenness .
it was n't so surprising that mrs . carmody had turned into a growth stock , maybe .
` ` second , i wish to confirm my strategy aims for superior growth , not immediate short - term gains that can not be sustained in the longer term .
and when we have grown in strength , we shall expand our territory ... there will be an active reckoning with any who oppose the growth of our great nation . ''
in bold brown letters the ambiguous marketing slogan of a virtually unknown gambling site , whose double entendre stymied its growth , shown clearly on cuddys chest : the king of the double flush .
i followed the brothers of duality with reverence , always believing in them , always trusting that they would ensure the survival and growth of our race .
the authors suggest that the natural growth dynamics of all networks may be the same .
samples of elony will be provided there and a few of you will move on to our second stage in our personal growth services . ''
from now on , our personal growth services are pay - only .
` ` unfortunately , we could nt do much , but we have seventy guests here now , women who did nt feel well treated at hexas style , who came to us looking for an alternative , and who are willing to testify against them in a court of law here in the bahamas against hexas and their fraudulent use and nature of elony and of their personal growth program . ''
if they got it any other way , their opportunity for personal growth was being robbed from them .
the infomercial is an excuse to sell customers , mostly affluent women , elonys personal growth services , which include how to bring heaven a little closer to home , after doing away with money , in particular fifty thousand dollars that must be paid for a bottle of elony , to reach the leisure and pleasure resort of scafarel , the hexas style resort in the bahamas island of eleuthera .
` ` sir , my seat , our family , the emir , my land , hold on please , the film is good quality , its unique , there s no other film , this is a mistake , economic growth matters , i was casting the women ... '' ` ` bring the cameras , bring the cameras to the poolside , '' said the minister of trade .
` ` yes , its not a trick , elonys personal growth services are based on oriental and lesser known methods tested for hundreds of years .
we need to see profitability and growth at the 21 % mark , which is within your capability .
but you need to remember that if you invest in cec services , then you will experience an organisational change that will demonstrate the trade - off between the tactical approach to management and strategic long term growth .
the fact that it was designed as a growth strategy for businesses was conveniently ignored .
daves growth and profits would be the securing of a lady friend and the achievement of balance , that would see him in the hot seat of the cec partnership within weeks .
the sex industry is intriguing from its dominance in the online world , profitability and growth through use of alternative media , but it bears no interest for me personally !
people who d survived recessions and managed growth through booms .
they were looking at some growth opportunities and we work - shopped with the senior executives to ask them which other companies they aspired to be like and we teamed with those companies in innovation think tanks .
its where the growth and the profits are .
it will be business as usual for food united group in europe , as they are a good enterprise , but its just not got the growth we can get elsewhere , and there are just too many barriers .
the name of pmirhs stirg came to be burned in his neural network , which in turn fostered the growth of lesions in his brain which resulted in a growing obsession with revenge .
the infomercial is an excuse to sell to customers , mostly affluent women , elonys personal growth services , which include how to bring heaven a little closer to home , after doing away with money , in particular fifty thousand dollars that must be paid for a bottle of elony , in order to receive a resort - pass to reach the leisure and pleasure resort of scafarel , the hexas style resort in the bahamas island of eleuthera .
` ` good light , '' said the driver , ` ` box works , '' he said , proud to see the economic growth of the kingdom at work .
` ` give me the broderie , and i wo nt drop you off in the ocean , you ve put in danger the growth of the rose of levity . ''
the flower had led both women to meeting scafarel , and to getting caught up in the intricate spiritual development personal growth program offered by the church of the holy flower .
the thing we need to do now is follow the lead of the interstate highway system and build for growth and sustainability .
it is crucial that ideas , explanations , and viewpoints are exchanged to ensure the companys growth and success , and i m happy to contribute .
to someone who does nt understand growth , it would look like complete destruction .
he believed that ir could help replicate the concept and facilitate its growth .
the contents the first half the prologue the first chapter the second chapter the third chapter for example the fourth chapter the fifth chapter the sixth chapter what xavier did the seventh chapter the eighth chapter the ninth chapter the ninth chapter ( take two ) the tenth chapter the eleventh chapter the twelfth chapter the thirteenth chapter sandra rojas the fourteenth chapter the better half what david did the fifteenth chapter the sixteenth chapter the seventeenth chapter the eighteenth chapter ucupidwhite the nineteenth chapter the twentieth chapter actually , after some prodding xavier said a lot more josh tanner , jennifer tilley , and exponential growth the twenty - first chapter the twenty - second chapter the twenty - third chapter what david did the last little bit of the twenty - third chapter the twenty - fourth chapter the twenty - fifth chapter the twenty - sixth chapter the lesser half the twenty - seventh chapter the twenty - eighth chapter what happened to xavier the twenty - ninth chapter the thirtieth chapter josh tanner , jennifer tilley , and exponential decay the last chapter the epilogue it takes close to a thousand hours to plan , write , and edit a novel .
he did nt want to learn of xaviers projections of future growth .
josh tanner , jennifer tilley , and exponential growth to say that william joshua tanner was famous was an understatement .
the fuel that drives the motor of capitalism is growth not oil .
the definition of a recession is simply several months of no growth or negative growth -- a prolonged recession can bring a country to its economic knees .
the definition of a recession is simply several months of no growth or negative growth -- a prolonged recession can bring a country to its economic knees .
the problem is that everywhere we look we seem to be pushing against the limits of growth .
combating global warming and growth may soon become ( if they are nt already ) complimentary -- you can have one or the other , but not both at the same time ( like ` ` truth '' and ` ` clarity '' ) .
so we have placed our faith in an economic system that both we and our governments depend on for our very survival but that promises to try to deceive us and can not cope with the coming realities of no growth or negative growth .
so we have placed our faith in an economic system that both we and our governments depend on for our very survival but that promises to try to deceive us and can not cope with the coming realities of no growth or negative growth .
what will the world be like when no growth is the norm and growth the occasional disruptive bubble ?
' well the rate of growth i do n't know , but at present best - case scenario , i would say four months .
gardner remembers : the lost tapes an interview with creole myers ( plus : memphis musicologist , linda israels mini - biography of the man , the growth and death of buddy gardner corey mesler copyright 2011 by corey mesler pocketful of scoundrel / smashwords edition www.pocketofscoundrel.wordpress.com www.kuboapress.wordpress.com in thinking about the past , its important to decide how noisy it was .
bob dylan the growth and death of buddy gardner by dana illsire 1975 you know buddy slipshod gardner from his later solo work , the early seventies stuff when he latched onto the singer / songwriter craze begun probably by sweet baby james .
and with the growth of sammy ammos reputation , the store owners began to grow hearts of their own , as they would immediately offer sammy ammo , chuck splatter , and doink mctriggers all of the contents in the store without hesitation .
the harder the circumstances you set up for yourself , the greater the learning potential and the greater your spirits possible growth .
for your spirits growth , your own happiness and yes , for gods joy .
zuzu continued , depending on your spirits wisdom and growth , the more growth , the more opportunities .
zuzu continued , depending on your spirits wisdom and growth , the more growth , the more opportunities .
the edgecomb house was in a neighborhood that forty years ago , just as the town entered into a prolonged growth spurt , was a country road on the outskirts of town .
as someone who had seen professional success translate to personal growth , she could understand her daughters proud smile .
and why did my admiration for taming my anger lead to pride , to the growth of megalomania ?
and the more positive image that you keep in your mind , the quicker the growth of the seed of love .
the most important thing is who you really are and how you carry yourself , how you devote yourself to your spiritual growth .
but it does not mean at all that he does not have any prospect of growth and true comprehension of the present values of the world .
due to his wisdom , mohammed managed to lead arabs out of their deepest ignorance and political chaos and to show them the way to civilized cultural growth and prosperity .
its now beyond the point where we can impede its growth .
it is your growth .
the story of the bands creation and growth through sixteen years of living on the road unfolds through a series of interviews with band members interspersed among the songs , mostly answers to questions posed by scorsese himself , questions provided by a professional screenwriter .
too much growth without collateral ... in - camera secret parallel accounting : without the actual goods delivered to back them up ... only the false - figures ... perhaps the - price of civilisation ?
> if you wish ... with the graffiti and cartoons , newspaper print sheets and templatesprayed on the : news - screen : ... as kings and queens ... now as rich and corrupt ... as the once ex - colonial - elite ... < establishment < : ... list : ... list ... < new - slave - drivers : ... list : ... and over - seers ... foreman- and - women ... servants , and savants ... buy - weak sell - strongno - liquidity to pay staff or creditors indebted and severed : bankrupted out of business moderate growth only ... generallynot - greed ... then ?
> utilising - maximum ... < capital - profit : ... after tax : ... revenue - dividends : engineering and on top of that : economic infrastructure risk - cheated public - private sharing between ... > country to country place and people to people populations and actual - goods and buildings routes and ways : visionary : to establish perpetual - growth in - proportion to inheritance and wealth earned ... and taken disproportionately : < steel - girders and glass ...
super - prime property top spot safe haven status research wealthy investors steep growth closed behind golden postcode addressed to and from dull suburbs and glistening inner - city urban financial quarter lodge house staying - in correction ... < narcissistic ... self - sorry sentimentality hits post - crisis lower - reform levels , standstill .
but growth depends not only on large - scale winds but also on the balance between those winds and its heat output .
the initial growth of islam was nothing if not explosive : within two centuries after its 7th - century rise , islam spread from its original home in arabia into syria , egypt , north africa , and spain to the west , and into persia , and india to the east .
one could date the beginning of true hinduism as the 4th century bce when the growth and separation of buddhism and jainism provided it with a distinctive sense of identity as santana dharma .
and instead of becoming a keystone to the metropolis the small neighborhood became a kind of window on it , a place to look out on its growth , judge it , observe it , hide from it - to watch and to live - all to the sound of workmen coming home to welcoming children and the notes of unseen artists rehearsing music in rooms with every window opened against the summer heat , and their music co - mingling with the cries of insects and children reviving and emerging out into the remainder of the day and the shish - shish - shish of sprinkler as the sun finally hid .
ray will not sell his bait shop ; it is an eyesore amidst the new anticipated growth and splendor .
the numbers of budget i knew well them and i knew with certainty that , exclusively on the base of the declared one ( that is excluding the substantial submerged ) , we had closed the preceding year with a good increase of the proceeds and we still started there to the closing of that in progress in strong growth .
sadly , its a growth industry .
and , ironically , this personal growth was because of you .
it means that you do n't trust other people to be strong enough to deal with their own healing or growth , and at deeper levels it has to do with lack of trust in yourself controlled by the fear of a deep existential loss .
detachment how to liberate your soul it can be difficult to be fully present in your own life and focus on your own growth and spiritual change , if you are too emotionally involved with your twin during some sort of separation or other testing times .
sooner or later this other - focus gets in the way of ones own soul liberation and spiritual growth process .
detachment means that you trust your twin soul to be strong enough to handle his / her own growth without your emotional interference .
our souls have chosen to experience what we do for growth purposes and these lessons might already be part of our souls ` ` mission '' on earth .
it is important to try to see and understand that you did in fact choose your earth family for growth purposes .
a full and giving relationship with the inner self instead of dysfunctional , outer relationships and imbalance getting closer to the twin soul can only happen in one way and that is working on ones own individual self and growth .
the twin soul union is not only a catalyst of spiritual growth , it is also a catalyst so that one can achieve spiritual wholeness and will start healing the most wounded parts of oneself .
` ` as you can see , '' red was telling her , ` ` barret and i decided the best way to encourage growth was to tear down the walls .
does the cure leave room for personal growth ?
as he put it , the idea sounded nice , but it would be debilitative to the growth of the new industry and misguided to sacrifice the free market principles of our land .
matthias had respectfully denied auds request , stating that diachona would decide what to do with its own land , and with the kingdoms rate of growth , there was no telling of the great use they could soon make of all of their territory .
both these great endeavors delivered initially great growth and wealth .
it was enough to keep apace of the ever - increasing rate in the growth of knowledge and the advance of technology .
by examining and developing an understanding of humanitys relations with its home in terms of a general consciousness , philosophy could give the guidance to all mans activities so that they are aligned with mutual equilibrium , for humanity a sustainable growth of consciousness and for the earth a sustainable troposphere .
the organization of knowledge , into multifarious closed institutions that continually raise the barrier to entry to an ever higher level , is the main obstacle to the growth of real knowledge of our objective reality .
the world banking systems based on the false paradigm of uninhibited growth had a sudden crash .
the organization of this process of knowledge acquisition into an open - source model where inputs are freely given and taken and where flexible self - regulation allows organic growth is equally crucial .
we look forward to continued growth and success and i have begun to set plans in motion that will allow for both .
were in a growth market , people now have got to work longer and harder than ever before , most women have to work , everyday people are buying more pre - pared foods and are eating out more .
our survival and growth depends on our profits alone as we do not have profits from other verticals to feed the newspaper .
the media in india anyway was having a good time as literacy and purchasing power were growing much higher than the population growth rate .
we have our growth plans in the right place and i firmly believe in home grown leaders taking key positions in my organization .
things seemed fine until the bands growth reached a plateau and new songs stopped appearing .
i will write a separate story about her actual life and struggles and growth .
over its growth as a colony of the dutch , french , and british , it has established and re - established its right to be recognized .
this did little to upset the growth and prosperity of the town .
his uncle managed to come through for him and recommended him for a position as the junior god of party and event planning , which was far more prestigious and had greater growth potential , or so he had been told .
in her despair at baxters 10,730th wedding , she began to channel her lesser volatile sensitivities toward the realm of personal growth .
bunnu could nt help but wonder if the impetus for taking on this new appearance was a desire for self - discipline : perhaps this hairless visage was bhaktis way of exercising cessation at the follicle for the purposes of spiritual growth .
bhakti , buckywhatever his name truly washad somehow stumbled upon yamis sole growth industry .
i sometimes wonder what he thinks now as he sees it all unfold : life and death ; growth and decay ; justice and injustice .
obviously , the company that was introduced to us was seemingly very professional and on high growth trajectory but in our excitement to get into ib we ignored one small little detail ... the company had nt grown in strength from about 15 employees since it started almost 10 years back .
guys running high growth businesses make good money .
papa , with his ammunition of conviction - filled promises , will really have the entrepreneur worshipping him in no time , in hopes that papa will show him a new world of possibilities leading to infinite growth .
now it was easy to see why the company was projecting aggressive growth , something that they had shied away from mentioning in the documents before .
nakul set about to revise the built in assumptions around the growth projections then he factored in the numbers for demand generated by companies to subscribe to the companys cloud based software .
as thoughts move within us darkly , and shake us before they are fully discerned , so events and beings are knit with us in the growth of the world .
where else is there a nation whose religion and law and moral life mingled and made one growth where else a people who enlarged their spiritual store at the very time when they were hated with a hatred as fierce as a forest fire ?
what is growth , completion , development ?
i say that the strongest principle of growth lies in human choice .
how could she stay , compressed into a dot by josh and their marriage , the very breath of life and growth and freedom being pressed from her by the minute , the second ?
his argument was rational and simple : that by withholding technology from their only son his parents were stunting his intellectual growth ; they were in denial that , as his school counselors had said , he was a genius ; and they knew he was smarter than they ( he had overheard them joke about this once and , unprompted , would occasionally repeat back to them their regrettable conversation word - for - word ) and they were jealous .
yes , its a growth company , doing quite well .
if nothing else , an unelected ruler with full fiat , educated in the humanities , who comes to the position as a conscript , can irradiate the scourge of the right to bear arms , and with a pen , can also raise the standard of living for the masses while ensuring steady growth in the economy .
division and birth of something new is always commenced by such interregnums of accidental severances and growth conflated with other exigencies ( species in descent with modification,60the masticated , fishy severing of the limb of a starfish , the beating of a boy that causes him to run away , jump over a fence at an airport , hide in the wheel well of an airplane , and begin life anew in a new land , the tax rebellion of the american colonial insurrectionists wanting , but not wanting to pay for , the french and indian wars aggravating tensions that lead to secession and a country , a global police force that now impedes other attempts at secession throughout the world , the burning down of ayuttaya that causes the burning up of the ersatz capital of bangkok , not to mention the accidents that created the universe , the earth , homo sapiens , and consciousness ) .
obviously , even for the best and most knowledgeable of parents it can all go awry with a restive child who becomes obsessed by satiation of pleasures regardless of whether they are at all salubrious to long term growth as an individual and member of society , but that does not excuse parents from obtaining knowledge of childhood development or learning about parenting from other experiences , which considerably lessens the risk of major untoward occurrences .
also , tax rates were lowered in order to spur growth .
melody and the pier to forever contents part i : the proof prologue i seeing things twenty - two years maggie singleton dinner on the pier mysteries part ii : the young master twin angels a new , forgotten life painting with sound adele d. hoffman beer coaster fiddling with eternity a different reality part iii : aecxis prologue iii exponential growth suspicion of danger red and black the prayer of ammalinaeus emptying into the sea recognition infinitely larger than infinitely large part iv : transcendental reality suspension of belief ye scurvy dog the river to the sankyan between two monoliths the eleysian teardrop we are one part v : the legend of the red talon prologue v the last king of vanerrincourt the procession of roses the temple kentein intersectum eleysius and his mighty talisman three more charges and a bedtime story stars the lizard and the snake rendan mortalis faster than fear parade at kings perch the keeper and the storm origin satelemark riparius the wheel and the call the day of fire and ice the tangent part vi : apparent reality home tachyon the kathlin rory carrick castle jim snelly sea angels a warm touch the serig of remembrances and sacrifices epilogue i map appendix glossary begin transmission for me , there is only the traveling on paths that have heart , on any path that may have heart .
chapter 13 exponential growth yaeko was already practicing her violin when melody burst into the music room well past 6:30 , the time they typically met .
a working welfare system should drive growth .
i think i heard it first from the famous historian anthony giddens that ' unlimited growth is not possible . '
hippie values , according to brake , tend to be middle class in origin and stress qualities such as individualism , self - growth , the exploration of alternative lifestyles , doing your own thing and creativity.5 these values were expressed in surfing in the late 1960s and early 1970s in surfing magazines and films .
profits would plummet , economic growth would be stifled , capital would flee , and we would all have to become vegetarians .
in any case , look at all the uncountable physical , mental and health benefits science has brought through medicine , arts and economic growth .
a party not afraid to sacrifice jobs , personal freedom and pluralism to economic growth , progress and pragmatic dogmatism .
expanding by acquisition and growth .
those articles not glorifying the king were mostly just advertisements for the great business opportunities provided by the kingdom , its phenomenal economic growth rates ( somehow personally overseen by the king ) , its vibrant and exciting traditional culture , and the attractiveness of its tourist resorts .
there was little room for growth of halfbreed , but someone at least tried to start a trade center for local cattle ranchers .
its not often you can thank policy for encouraging growth of a human sort .
the organic nation concept was so successful that the company accelerated its growth and achieved profitability after year one .
in those days , size did matter and he was in a race to further the growth prospects of the public company .
i welcome the opportunity for growth and evolution that all of lifes lessons through change provide me .
but for healthy love to happen , your garden has to be really ready for good growth .
after all , over the last ten years he had vicariously watched and secretly participated in the growth and change of this small family .
ground floor investment opportunities , tremendous growth potential ?
with the continuing drop in manufacturing output and uncertainty in commodities , here was a growth market : stupid needy people and the professionals who needed new tricks to help them .
the churchs slow growth left the deacon board with little money to hire more help and lots of work to be done .
` ` it 's too bad there is n't a good comprehensive monograph on the growth factors for such an audience , ` ` mused bob . ` `
i guess that s what life is about , changes , growth , experiences , and most of all memories .
charlie always came across as stable , levelheaded , sometimes too practical for business growth , but never unrealistic or one cent short of a dollar .
the detective clvis angels were fundamental to my intellectual growth .
five years from now we hope to have a thriving city and a blueprint for growth .
bradford saw this as their fasted growth area .
bill had many contacts in florida and was a major contributor to the local republican party , particularly candidates that supported growth and development , albeit sometimes at the expense of the environment .
the steady growth of the little hamlet , first into a village and then into a small town , could be seen in the architecture and in the layout of the narrow lanes of the original settlement as they radiated out into the wider thoroughfares of the more prosperous village .
i am responsible for the spiritual growth of the young men and women who come here .
nick beat the big guys to the punch in securing a property in south americas largest growth market .
barber street is in the northwest quadrant , but it 's not part of old city and it 's not as narrow as the streets there , but new growth of the city to the east has left it behind to age and decay .
a little cultural discomfort is an opportunity for growth .
we ve had a growth spurt -- more like explosion of families moving in and setting up new businesses -- all because the neighboring town of bentley grew too big for its britches .
not the growth of the real , lasting relationship she 'd been hoping , yearning for .
by hampering their growth in this world , you are limiting not only your ability , but theirs as well .
bill dobson would have told her to let go of any bitterness and resentment she harbored toward the board of elders and their obsession with renovations and growth and do her best to foster a smooth transition for reverend eubanks .
but that has nt affected my work or the profitability and future growth trends of the riverbelle .
this debt in turn limits us to any future growth and the more we support the rule of law and the draining of our oil , the more we support our status as debtors of the rich .
a country may be rich today and poor tomorrow due only to the vagueness of nature , food growth , pollution , disease , age , and the loss of spirit that comes with overabundance .
yet if only a part of the great military expenditures can be saved by a new peace causing approach , a leveling and appreciation of each persons right to live , to grow , that saving can do wonders to pay for much of this growth .
well , that is some growth , kiara muttered and clicked on the portfolio tab and scrolled down .
during the press conference , one of the reporters started asking questions about our growth and if it had to do something with our allegiance to the government .
you get your personal growth by humiliating me , is that it ?
he tells me he got bored with banking and jumped to what was then called environmental industries of texas , just as the company was embarking on an ambitious growth spurt , mostly through mergers and acquisitions .
knowing the best thing she could hope for was neighbor 's that supported the growth and development .
and the government shackles business so tightly with their rules and regulations that there s no room for dynamic growth .
we will make commerce more efficient and create a new business environment for growth and prosperity in america .
then she hired a renowned historian who had worked on the crime prevention council to help with an analysis of the growth of security police responsibilities and powers over the decades .
` ` the intriguing thing about the myth of eros and psyche is that it 's not only a story about their love for each other , which of course is the prominent theme , but it also emphasizes psyche 's personal growth and self - discovery .
i was n't sure what i wanted to do when i graduated , but i knew i wanted no less than a six - figure income , continuous growth potential , and a generous retirement plan .
plenty of risk factors which equal growth . ''
but more so , he knew the mood of the country shifted and that people wanted american - made goods , so he retrofitted former lugnut factories for cufflink manufacturing and then led the rapid growth along with his business partner .
and it sounds like she has indeed been influential in your growth and development , ms . harper .
short - term gains were all you could bring , while your son has always been the one credited for leventis ' long - term growth .
no growth .
the town might be stilted in its growth , but the fresh air and mass of greenery was refreshing after a life of living in the city .
for some reason it was figured one woman would satisfy the whole group and in doing so cement the steer name for future generations , enabling growth and prosperity , whether it were three men to one woman or simply one to one .
she 'd followed the growth of his company , although she would never admit it .
it 's for your own redemption and personal growth , bro . ''
i already explained to him on the phone that you 're the one to talk to in regards to growth and development . ''
marketing is imperative to any company 's growth .
he 's the vice chairman and global head of growth markets and he is one of mr . hunter 's closest allies .
to encourage growth .
the love and personal growth which spawned mia through her most difficult journey gives her confidence to handle the newest puzzling patient to enter sanctuary hospital .
the fluid energies in humans were limited to a committed relationship by the creator of life , thus limiting the growth of spiritual strength , which met at the point of sexual consummation between a male and female .
for both stepping up to take the helm and the incredible growth you ve attained for the company .
the full legendary scaled growth of the operationsnot to leave the extensive grooming donemight have invited protest , if the severity of the painful natural biological process were fully exposed .
it nourished and supported the accelerated growth of the manufactured humans .
ryan thought about the injustice of the situation first , but that was quickly overtaken by his mind searching for a place windmere could use this man , not for charity but because windmere needed good people in its growth phase and this was a good man .
how jeremy took over the family business with hopes of expansion and growth , but how he moved into illegal activity to cover bad decisions .
someone who has received many love letters and written many love letters and has come away learning that no matter how good looking someone is , no matter how confident or popular , everyone has his and her own insecurities in love which are bound to emerge at some point for the purpose of emotional growth and securing mature resolutions for greater harmony and unity in love before we move onto the heavenly days that can come in what most of us call the happily ever after ending .
the new world was beautiful , and we had a beautiful role in its continued growth .
yet optimistic as well , which is good , which is precisely why raife is going where he is : to challenge the limits of his optimism , to pursue the limits of his own personal growth envelope .
it was this same courage that would allow him to wander off to saudi arabia alone , that would allow him to endure the challenges of personal growth and even with a smashed clavicle , slowly drag himself upright and climb back onto his mountain bike to ride the last few kilometers home in partial shock .
he would sometimes bug me for information on solid growth stock and was forever trying to calculate my net worth .
` ` do n't sell me short , cass , '' bud said as he thought of his grandparents and their groves , the expansion of their business , and his small part in its phenomenal growth .
the cbdo is in charge of developing elaborate business plans and designing and implementing processes to support business growth and how would you support business growth ?
the cbdo is in charge of developing elaborate business plans and designing and implementing processes to support business growth and how would you support business growth ?
it 's a growth industry . ''
this presented a growth opportunity for goodness - and for beth fischer , too .
but with papa now gone , winston was busy applying himself to the growth of his business , and he did n't visit moxley as often as he had .
most men would not have accomplished such a growth of character in so short a time . ''
the time away from him , her growth as a woman , and falling in love with damien had all added up to her no longer being that cowering little girl in the corner .
' sensuality often hastens the growth of love so much that the roots remain weak and are easily torn up , ' ? ''
she read : this time of tragedy can be one of growth and opportunity , too .
she 'd say my need for sympathy had encouraged its growth .
i ' ve been here while the growth happened , and still have moments of disbelief . ''
over dinner , her father was expansive , talking about the resort and the economic growth of the city and even touching on politics .
justine loved the challenge of her job and enjoyed playing an active role in financing the growth of her community .
we 're also anticipating further growth next quarter for blake industries , considering the new armstrong account you ' ve acquired . ''
' i 'll teach you all about human growth and development .
` ` need we also be explicit about the fact that the opportunity you ' ve been given at shoreline for educational and personal growth is -- for you -- a once - in - a - thousand - lifetimes experience ? ''
jason had kept the siblings on in vice - president roles since danvers remained short staffed after its explosive growth and because they were damn good at their jobs .
` ` you make it sound as though i ' m solely responsible for the puget sound growth rate . ''
the growth is most likely theoretical ; the hunger is real . ''
why the stunted musical growth ? '
i did n't realize that it was a growth market , but it makes sense - two sides of the same coin .
how was she supposed to flourish if he constantly impeded her growth and refused to give her up ?
` ` and yet i had heard certain rumors regarding your presence here - that it was in part meant as a quelling influence upon the growth of lawlessness . ''
` ` the sterne financial statement , and the projected growth pattern .
` ` can you believe that all this growth took place in only eighty years ? ''
later in the century , it became a minor port in the inland waterway system , and the use of steamboats in the mid-1800s accelerated the town 's growth .
like , cancer is in the growth business , right ?
she had had a part to play in the company 's growth and success , to be sure .
` ` it was n't enough that you stunted her emotional growth for years by locking her away in your ivory tower .
he could hear the colonel 's proud voice , his announcement made at each birth and baptism in the ivory family , celebrating the growth of the name built on the glass industry .
a. liquidity , b. efficiency , c. profitability or d. growth rate . ''