the slight extra growth increased my pleasure , and the slight grunt and groan as he released , made my body respond in kind .
he reached up to scratch the growth of stubble covering his cheeks as he stared at the empty coffee cup in his hand .
and then he appeared , beer in hand , hair disheveled , several day 's growth on his face and she had to gasp in surprise .
trey sat up and scrubbed a hand down his face , noticing the rough scrape of beard growth against his palm .
his white shirt was wrinkled , there was a day 's growth of whiskers on his jaw and his eyes were shadowed .
her mind conjured up an image of his dark face all but hidden by at least a fortnight 's growth of thick , black beard , and she shivered at the memory of those strange silver eyes as they 'd looked last night with the leaping flames from the fires reflected in them .
his face was tanned beneath a four - day growth of dark beard , though if anyone had looked closely , they 'd have noticed that his skin was not nearly as weathered as the other fishermen 's and his boat was actually better equipped for cruising than fishing .
he slurred , looking at her with bloodshot eyes in an unshaven face bearing a three - day growth of beard .
but haggardness had sunk redness into his eyes , iron into his jaw , and the unkemptness of a few days ' growth of rough silk over that jaw and above those lips caused her heart to twist .
then , with a sigh , he turned his attention to removing the growth from his face .
would it now blossom into a monstrous growth that would suffocate everything in its path ?
the veterinarian , dr . uvi , was a thin man in his mid - twenties with more than a few hours ' beard growth on his face .
he nuzzled my ear and neck from behind , his chin scratchy from a day 's worth of beard growth .
he had a few days growth of beard covering his face , but a glance at his watch told him he had no time to worry about it now .
when he made his way to the living room , he saw blake sprawled out on the couch wearing only a pair of sweats and with at least two days ' growth of beard on his face .
ian would certainly never go into public with a day - and - a - half 's growth of stubble on his jaw .
he looked away from her , rubbing his hands over his face and feeling the night 's growth of beard .
ainsley 's fingers were gently scraping against three days worth of beard growth on his face .
she reacted to gavin 's unexpected casual affection instinctively , rubbing her fingertips over the dark growth on his cheek .
his youthful face would have been very pretty if not for the dark brown goatee surrounded by a three - day growth of whiskers , and the military cut of his hair .
his face was ruggedly scrumptious with a full day 's growth of beard .
his well - sculpted cheeks were covered with two days ' growth of whiskers that added a savage , fierce look to him .
he had at least a week 's growth of whiskers and shoulder - length dark brown hair .
a full day 's growth of beard stubbled his chin and cheeks - something he never allowed .
he would have been as pretty as a woman but for the rugged cut of his masculine jaw and the sharpness of his cheekbones , both of which were dusted by a day 's growth of auburn whiskers .
the added growth made him look wild and untamed .
a week 's growth of whiskers stubbled his bony jaw that generally had a stubborn kick to it .
the growth on my face was out of control .
amber helped me style it so both my scar and the short patch of growth on the underside are covered .
fine ni**les , maybe just a little too pale , and each surrounded with a little blond hair , and the hair moving down the center of the chest to a curling growth on the belly .
his shoulders had a lean strength , his limbs still showing a lanky growth that had yet to be grown into .
the wide ridge of his jaw was sharp , shadowed with new beard growth .
she started on his face , taking in the strong jaw covered in light beard growth , then lingered on his full , luscious lips .
his angular jaw was covered with a thick growth of whiskers , and her mind instantly formed another piece for her man - collage .
not the invisible maax , but the one she saw in her head : thick waves of caramel - brown hair streaked with gold and auburn , a delicious growth of dark stubble , and those perfect lips .
everything about the man , on his exterior anyway , was spotless perfection , right down to the evenly groomed growth of black stubble on his perfect jaw .
king scratched the thick growth of stubble on his jaw , then glanced at his watch .
just try to relax tonight and ... '' he scratched his unshaved chin with a day 's worth of golden - brown growth .
i know i told kayla i wanted to try flirting with other guys , and i ' m sure oliver here is nice - heroically defending our great forests , with nothing but a backpack and those miraculous arms - but something about the sight of those grubby toes , and the dark , mysterious growths lurking in between ... ... ` ` actually , i hate nature , '' i say suddenly , dragging my eyes back up to his .
with the thick , dark growth on his face , he looked like he had n't shaved in days .
he has a three - day beard growth , too - long - to - call - short brown hair and he could use some food in him .
she laughed as he rubbed his cheek with its new beard growth against her neck .
the earl had turned up the collar of his coat to keep his neck warm , but he wore no scarf , and rachel could see tiny , frozen crystals clinging to the shadow of a day 's beard growth .
a baseball cap suggested he 'd dressed without showering , but she liked him as he was , liked the contrast between his dark beard growth and his white teeth .
so ian was n't excited about this change of plan ... . simon rubbed the beard growth on his chin .
another captured his smiling face in a pair of oakley goggles with ice crystals caught in the beard growth along his jaw .
he had thick black hair falling across his forehead , blue eyes and a dark shadow of beard growth covering a very square jaw .
she liked the way his hair stuck up on one side , the dark shadow of beard growth covering his prominent jaw .
propping one shoulder against the door , he rubbed the beard growth on his chin .
he studied her openly , rubbing the beard growth on his chin .
he flipped his hair out of his eyes , and his teeth - including that fang - glowed white against the heavy beard growth on his jaw .
rubbing the beard growth that was just beginning to shadow his chin , willis switched tactics .
the beard growth on his jaw was more pronounced than usual , but his exhaustion showed even more in a certain lethargy .
the beard growth on his chin rasped as he rubbed it .
kevin 's hand scraped over his beard growth .
instead , she raised her hand and ran her fingers down the side of his face , feeling the rugged contours , the prickly beard growth and , eventually , the softness of his mouth .
those pale eyes were rimmed in red and he had more than a couple days ' growth of stubble covering his jaw .
my beard growth gently abrades her , adding an extra layer of sensation .
i could feel the growth between my legs , and backed away before i had the urge to take her right in the car .
the knife he was holding at doug 's throat was the worst of it , of course , but the rumpled , stained work shirt and jeans and the rough stubble of several days ' growth of beard did not help matters .
he 'd shaved - she smelled the faint odor of aftershave lotion - but his dark skin was already touched by new growth .
his jaw , rough with a day 's growth of beard , scratched lightly over her cheek .
she tucked the shoes into the back waistband of the sweatsuit she wore with her majorette boots and tiara , as if nobody would notice the large growth on her butt .
jeff had a light brown mustache that needed trimming , and a two - day growth of whiskers on his cheeks .
breaking that loyalty had caused a cancerous growth in his heart .
she kissed his neck and ran her lips across the stubble of his beard growth before covering his mouth with her own .
dark , too , were his eyes , the color of rich espresso coffee , and a few days ' growth of beard shaded the lower half of his face .
behind trendy , black - framed glasses his eyes were even darker than his hair , and the lower half of his face was shadowed by more than one day 's growth of beard .
his dark auburn hair was rumpled from sleep , and the lower half of his face was shadowed by a night 's growth of dark beard .
she smiled and let her hands drift over his jaw , rough with a day 's growth of beard .
nipping and licking , grasping the rosy tips gently between his teeth , moving back and forth from one breast to the other , his day 's growth of beard scraping against her sensitive skin .
he had n't shaved since he 'd joined them in madrid , and the dark beard growth on his face lent him a feral look .
the sight of his strong fingers traveling over that sexy beard growth made isabel 's own fingers tingle in response .
he looked tired , a full day 's growth of stubble on his face , his hair looked like he 'd combed it with his fingers for hours .
his haggard clothing and the growth of stubble on his chin were evidence that he might have had a sleepless night or two .
his baggy sweat pants and full day and night 's growth of beard had him squirming under her gaze .
she could get used to that , she thought , his smile and morning growth of beard .
his hand reached out and scratched the growth .
the water was pale green and steaming , the crystal growths glittered , and the curtains of darkmoss swayed where their longest tendrils trailed in the current .
tony rubbed a hand over the week 's growth of beard on his face .
the horny growth he was filing flaked away , leaving a dust of coarse black shavings on the stable floor .
the wide front room was now wider , and the back room intended for my surgery had developed a growth of some sort , perhaps a separate stillroom .
there were only a few strands of silver among the fiery mass of his hair , though his beard - the winter growth tediously and painfully removed a few days before - was heavily frosted with white .
` ` it has a growth of some sort . ''
with two fingers pumping in and out of me , he turned his head , sucking and pressing kisses into the pale skin of my thigh , and me nearly screaming as the single day 's growth of beard brushed against my clit .
his casted leg is propped up on a stool , his crutches are against the wall behind him , and there 's a day 's growth of stubble in place .
his shaggy dark - blond - and - gray hair looks like it has n't seen a shower in days , and his cheeks have at least three days ' growth on them .
his expression is wounded as he runs a hand over the growth covering his chin .
think birds nest profusion , with foodstuffs going back decades lodged in it , and big billy 's constant scratching at said tangled growth , had everybody wondering what lifeforms were procreating in it . '
the fine , stubbly growth of fuzz upon his perfectly spherical head was nearly colourless .
trees and plants with bright flowers and many liana like growths drooping between them .
i rejoiced as i saw the portico because either side of the steps leading up there sat a beautiful silver tree , branches growing wide and joining over our heads like an archway , but my joy was dashed when up close i realised that these trees were not virile natural growths but just creations of glass and metal .
there before us stood the gnome , he had short stubbly growth for hair and beard .
then our guides left the causeway and we found ourselves travelling beneath tall pine trees , massive growths , bigger than anything of this type of tree i had ever seen before .
jack then picked him up again and slowly carried him up to the branch levels of the tree , passing the great , field sized patches of moss - like growths that covered large areas of the lower trunk .
there were different tufts of growth and small trees growing everywhere .
salty tears immediately ran down through my scruffy growth of beard .
i looked down at my wounds , the scrapes and cuts , felt the stitches in my eyebrow and shoulder , the tears in my jeans and smudges of dirt and blood on my t - shirt , felt the month 's growth of beard on my cheeks and stupidly wished i looked nicer .
it looked like the chair had been carved directly from a colossal growth of sparkling stone .
it really just looked like a large metal growth coming off the station .
there s a cop right behind us and he s just sitting there , darryl said , watching a thick - set man with a few days growth on his chin .
i continue until i find another patch of ripped - up growth .
they found bones , feathers , strange sporous growths , a rat skull with leaves jammed into it .
i have set myself a duty : i shall protect the great oak tree and support its growth .
the strange plant and healthful magic immediately diminished and began to clear the growths in a noticeable fashion of all infected collectively at once and each one individually .
` ` it was actually a biological growth , induced by gilgamesh , '' she said , the redness slowly fading from the cheeks .
ryan indicated two inches of growth with thumb and forefinger .
from the crater spread a strange growth known as xenofungus an organic swath of pink , purple , and orange that covered the ground and seemed to thrive in any environment .
we will have to go outside the wood to find the lilies because they are not a growth we commonly see , but burdock is plentiful here .
the woman was barely conscious and had a strange red growth on her forehead .
barely perceptible at first , the trees , vines , and other jungle growth around them began to stir , swaying and shaking their usually inanimate forms .
he felt the growth of stubble and sighed .
tree after tree bloomed , young limbs morphing to bark , moaning with the rapid growth , until a small forest of fruit trees shaded gests massive rust gates .
ineals hands pulsed with energy and he could feel the growth blooming as if it were his own body .
a small excrescence sprouts from its surface as smooth as glass , and begins a fast and silent growth .
the substance resurfaces , forms a small growth that leaps back into the bottle .
years of condensation seeping into the porous concrete had sprouted mould and other bacteria growth that created a retched stench .
he had a two - day growth of beard .
a few days ' growth of stubble sprouted across his jaw line and two elongated earlobes completed the look .
instantaneously two growth started developing underneath his arms in the gap between his shifted ribs.the growths burgeoned rapidly until they had reached the length of his existing arms.these newly developed obscurities then started separating at the ends and believe me if you will , small weird appendage like extremities started developing , after growing a bit longer they had developed into fully functional hands with finger nails and all , no different to yours or mine !
his mouse - brown hair is splayed in just about every direction , and he has two weeks growth of beard on his face .
they skillfully hid the odd artificial scrap of material mixed in with the growth .
growths and leaves of every kind made a thick blanket that came all the way to his face .
some of the trees had growths that looked like fruit , but they left them alone .
maul had been very careful and did all he could to reject the force from him like a malignant growth .
he has a neatly trimmed growth of stubble on his chin , and wearing white trousers and an expensive aqua blue linen shirt , he looks like a millionaire playboy .
he found the second floor covered in a web of vines and draped in a colony of alien growth .
in its place was a fresh growth of wood and bark .
i do nt know , answered deke looking at the strange growth within them .
ages of free will and decisions compounded to give breath to a person , one who could aid the tree 's growth as well .
it 's a tumor , a cancerous growth on the galaxy .
and fruit trees and poultry and rabbits and vast microorganism farms - usually called yeast farms , though the yeast makes up a minority of the growths .
most of the growth is grass , but there are trees too .
when terminus was first occupied by human beings in the days of the encyciopedists , the highest form of plant life it produced was a mosslike growth on rocks ; the highest forms of animal life were small coral - like growths in the ocean and insectlike flying organisms on land .
when terminus was first occupied by human beings in the days of the encyciopedists , the highest form of plant life it produced was a mosslike growth on rocks ; the highest forms of animal life were small coral - like growths in the ocean and insectlike flying organisms on land .
cubicle walls sprouted in one corner like some kind of crystalline growth .
they 're a parasitic growth , and they know it .
prudence stepped back , studied the mechanical growth that jutted from the wall .
he shifted his attention to the ox 's surrealistic growth on the computer wall .
he could imagine what would happen if daneel succeeded -- thousands of years of slow , safe suffocation , humanity cushioned and insulated and restrained by velvet - covered chains until it became nothing more than a huge , comfortable , unchallenged mass , an idiotic fungal growth tended by fastidious machines .
what confronted him was a thing that had sprouted like a deformed growth from an original tubular seed .
caillen took her arm and led her toward a small cut - out growth in a large tree .
in fact , he was surprised he could still move ; the weakness was like a poisonous growth inside him , replacing his vital parts with a painful cancer .
a perfectly rounded protrusion or growth , maybe four inches in diameter , glowing bright orange .
most disturbing were more of those bulbous growths , maybe two dozen total , spread over the thing 's body and glowing with brilliant orange light .
thomas connected with one of the orange bulb growths , smashing it in a flash of sparks ; the light died instantly .
his ratty suit was streaked with grime and he had a day 's growth of beard .
embedded in the soft tissue is a pulsing egg - shaped growth , anchored by thousands of rootlike tendrils fanning out in all directions , digging into every crease and crevice of his brain .
they still saw nothing on the surface : no punctures , no indentations , nothing that looked like a small growth of any kind .
the one thing that both of them said that pricked his ears was their common reference to the kelp 's recent growth : ` ` explosive . ''
mckie looked from side to side ; the growth appeared an almost equal mixture of terran and tandaloor , interspersed with many strange plants .
` ` we 're supposed to back up tria 's move by attacking across the upper parkway , but there are some trees and other growth knocked down up there that have n't been moved for two days . ''
they cultivate a plant - like growth that they milk for its sap ... '' and life went on .
he straightened presently and looked down at the webs between scudi 's toes , then to the similar growth on kareen 's feet .
behind the wheel , pretending to read a newspaper , was that same man with the scraggly growth of beard .
if growth is constricted , it 'll end up being crippled by the cast . ''
she looked at the man 's face - he had a two - day growth of beard , and a canker sore on his lip .
wiping his eyes to better see an artwork depicting the night sky , distant galaxies , and constellations , almost there was beauty here , suns like bursting egg yolks swallowing up smaller suns , comets shaped like - was it male sperm ? -blazing male sperm ? -colliding with luminous bluish - watery planets ; and , protruding from the rough surface of the canvas , a thing so unexpected , so ugly , the congressman stepped back in astonishment : was it a nestlike growth of some kind ?
laurence hoped to make a better show of himself , at this second meeting ; he had asked for a razor , and conquered the disquiet of looking at his strangely unfamiliar face in the glass long enough to clear away the several days ' growth of beard .
she sat down and checked her figures twice , then monitored the new hyphae growth under a microscope .
the smooth - surfaced fungus was now festooned with protruding balls of growth .
` ` i think they 're a type of mushroom , '' she said , breathless , nodding toward the growth .
` ` look at all this growth . ''
he also bore a scraggled growth of dark beard .
the other , similarly attired , was caucasian , leather - skinned with a scruffy growth of beard .
coils of complex growth spilled from her mouth , ears , and vulva .
a wave went through the medical bays , all the alien growth rising and falling like iron filings with a magnet passed beneath them .
each was a chance for the new growth to slip the leash .
the labs on luna and ganymede were working with algal models , treating the growth as if it were an invasive species that had entered a naive tide pool .
tynian asked ulath , staring in wonderment at hair - thin little trees bristling like a two - day growth of beard on the sides of tiny mountains .
akros was a shabby - looking fellow with bloodshot eyes and a five - day growth of beard .
he has a full beard and a mustache with an auburn tint in the growth nearest the lips .
three days growth of coarse black beard covered his jaw and cheeks , but if he did not shave it was not for want of a razor ; the edge of his sword had the dangerous glimmer of steel that had been honed every day for hours , until it was too sharp to touch .
dany ran a hand over the top of her head , feeling the new growth .
pycelle 's beard had been magnificent , white as snow and soft as lambswool , a luxuriant growth that covered cheeks and chin and flowed down almost to his belt .
the old man plucked at the thing he called a beard , that patched growth of thin white hair sprouting from the loose pink wattles under his chin .
i body twist and face the mirror in a soldierly stance , tucking a gray strand behind my left ear , donning a white baseball cap , cleverly covering a new single growth .
since every day , i receive a new growth of silver , just like an elder senior citizen , making me totally different freaking alright .
i am the growth to ... her decay .
this dead dryness seemed to scream in the agony of its lifelessness , as if whatever growth it might once have had had been torn unnaturally from its back .
the hair growth on his chin is somewhere between a smattering of stubble and a full beard .
do nt bury your growth beside me , he would say .
aleksandra laughed as i snatched at it and whipped it off , revealing the downy growth it hid .
if they made a start , they might'uv made 10 feet into this high flabby growth of stalks , but when they found themselves 10 feet in , faced with the same questioncan you do the impossible ? what could each one do if asked that question again and again after the next 10 feet and the next ?
he looked at the brown on the stalks of the flabby - leafed plantsit was brown on the stalk where the stalk had peeled back and died , turning brown , while the new growth of stalk remained light purple .
his jawline had some overnight growth on it that i desperately wanted to run the palm of my hand against .
there 's also a strange , clumpy grey substance on his skin , a growth of some sort .
indal poked the plastic rear window , cracking off the crystal growth .
two cars lay crushed under a growth of crystals like a giant claw .
he dropped down , his serpentine trunk thrashing and riddled with new growths .
my brain and the thing in it had shrunk back to the size of a pea and had a complex growth of spider - like veins coming out of it .
great , maurice said , rubbing his free hand across the bushy growth of hair atop his head .
in a time before , someone had taken the unique root growth and formed it into a hall .
she sat as apart from the other customers as was possible , her drink before her and her drawings neatly parcelled by her side , and she winced as she watched one woman make her way across the floor , towards the bar from which souvenir key - rings hung like a natural growth , mementoes of places visited or people met .
you wear a glove to protect your new growth until it is back , and then the fictional reattachment has totally healed !
all i knew was that the alliance kinetics were becoming entangled in it and suffocated along with the flames by the unforgiving growth .
that would be any type of growth that s not part of the plant .
the man had tanned skin , a shaved head with a day or two of growth on top , and a menacing tattoo on the back of his neck .
true to form he had about a week 's growth of hair on his face and wore a gold earring in his right ear .
bear paused and scratched at the growth of hair on his face .
he scratched at the growth on his face for a moment .
selah was curious about how bad his scrapes were under the dressings , as she watched kayla unwrap him , the bandaged was stuck to his skin in a few different places and as she pulled it off gently it took new growth with it .
its really hard to tell he replied , still tracing the outline of the growth absently with the tip of his pen .
inside we found a disheveled middle - aged man with a several day growth of beard smelling of alcohol and urine .
he had a full days beard growth , shadows beneath his eyes , and his shirt was rumpled .
diggs was still wet from the rain , two days beard growth on his chin and his face gaunt with fatigue .
cathy laughed half an hour later as steve stood up again and used a handkerchief to wipe perspiration from his neck and three day 's growth of whiskers .
he had two days worth of growth on his face that ran down the top of his neck in a perfectly even pattern .
but this man was at least 40 , with a weeks growth of beard , a pot belly and scars on one side of his face .
buck scratched the two - day - old growth of grayish white stubble on his cheek .
his black hair was too long for her taste and she did nt like that he had at least a days growth of beard .
jungle growths and entangled leafy trees hung over the road .
as he got nearer st cloud saw a face he did not recognise : mixed raced with about three days growth of beard and short stubby hair .
i checked its growth for any visual defects , listened for a pulse by placing my ear against the outer wall of the cocoon .
and he did have big , bushy eyebrows , a heavy day 's growth of beard and clumps of hair sprouting from his ears and nostrils .
there was scratchy dark growth on his cheeks where they had been smooth a few days previous .
carly felt it again as she leaned in to talk to stephen the cancerous growth stretched its arms out wide and tore her insides apart .
while the growth at the tops was broad , lush and green , the lower dying leaves were light brown .
i nodded and scratched at the growth of hair on my face .
he sported a growth of reddish - gray stubble , and his thick red hair sprouted wildly from beneath his black felt cowboy hat .
the only sign of tension he showed was to rub a hand over the two - day growth of stubble on his chin .
there was a day or two 's growth of black stubble on his cheeks as he wiped his mouth .
do nt know , jimmy said , scratching the weeks growth of stubble on his chin .
we found a growth on the pancreas .
he had long , tangled red hair , likely the source of his name , and an unruly growth of facial hair .
a weak , disintegrating apparition - or a triumphant growth ?
i urinate on growth itself and not on the confines of its development .
he was a growth .
he was old , thin and old , an untrimmed scruff of beard growth everywhere , all the way up over his cheeks .
they were in all shapes and tints : fair or mousy or dark ; handlebar , walrus , kaiser , hitler - each face bore its own hairy badge amongst which the rank , reddish growth of drax 's facial hair blazed like the official stamp of their paramount chief .
the growth was encapsulated and easily removed .
his face , haggard from lack of sleep and missed meals , bristled with a ragged six - day growth of gray beard too rapidly turning white .
this giant wore canadian civil registration numbers on its day - glo red tail boom , and the winch control cab , projecting like a growth from its port side , marked it as a sky crane derivative .
he had a two - day growth of beard and bad teeth .
the growth under his nose and along the sides of his mouth and covering his chin was coming in quite a bit grayer than he had hoped .
it was a round building stuck to the side of a mausoleum like a cancerous growth .
the man - janson was near enough to see his coarse features , close - set eyes , and two days ' growth of beard - grinned at janson , and turned toward him .
his face itched , the growth of his beard so uncomfortable it had caused the beginning of a rash on his neck .
lots of growth on his forearms and face .
there was something almost pretty about his face , though it was masculinized by his weathered skin and a day - old growth of beard .
there are old oaks and pines , there are birches like skinny ghosts , there are red maples all of them indigenous to the area but he also sees twisted , rooty growths that look like mutated banyan trees .
tucker pictured the burned bulbs and stalks that came in contact with the phosphorescent growth .
he rubbed a hand over his own growth as blackbeard preened .
that black barrel fed from luther 's head to mckenna 's hand like a growth .
when i first felt it , i feared you had some kind of strange growth . ''
his skin was rough with a day 's growth of beard ; she would have to remind him to shave , now that he was human all the time .
he did his tree act again , melting into the trunk , becoming part of the growth , until the small group walked back toward the house .
the second man , a total stranger , dark , with a day 's growth of beard and shrewd assessing eyes , scrambled from the rocks and into her line of vision .
vikirnoff peered closely at the strange warted growth .
his beard growth was heavier than when she 'd seen it last , and that was how she guessed that hours had passed .
the kid looked at her for a long moment , then ran his palm over his chin and the little triangular growth of whiskers below his lower lip .
that monstrosity had been covered with obscene growths , smaller crystals that sprouted like parasites from the main body .
a monstrosity with growths sprouting from every facet .
he had thick , wavy dark hair that fell to his shoulders and a couple days ' growth of beard .
a field of black curls took root , shadowing her scalp with the promise of new growth .
the hat hid the hair , or more likely , the absence of it , but i was willing to bet that what was left of the growth on his head had to be gray and short .
a small brown animal burst from the growth .
it changed all the time , like some mutated cancerous growth , and it stank to high heaven .
he was normally clean shaven , but he had a couple days worth of growth shadowing his strong jaw .
it connected straight into the trachea , in fact fusing with it , much like a cancerous growth .
the new growth below the tongue was evident .
the groundwater deepened farther into the catacombs , with strange , sun - starved roots and vines and albino growths crawling down from the unfinished ceiling to feed off the water .
his teeth are worn gray stubs , and his puffy face bristles with several days ' growth of beard .
when i finally took in the scruffy growth across his jaw that partially hid too full lips , i wanted to roll my eyes .
his hair was tussled from sleep , a full day 's growth had roughened his jaw and his lips were swollen from kissing .
minutes later , he arrives , his hair falling over his forehead , still damp from a shower , a days ' growth on his face and wearing jeans , boots i might see on a guy working the construction site down the street , and a faded t - shirt featuring another band i recognize from emily raving about them .
because deacon , i 'd rather floss my teeth with a daimon 's back hair than parade a growth like that around . ''
i rubbed the growth of facial hair along my jaw as she slowly approached the plate of food , and hope sparked deep inside me .
he is a solid - looking young man , with a good growth of reddish brown hair on the back of his strong forearms , that same curly hair being flecked with pieces of sawdust .
privately , karou preferred the warlord 's heraldry : antlers sprouting leaves to signify new growth , but she was far from immune to the desire for vengeance - it was huge and ugly in her : a primal drumbeat , a baring of teeth - and she had to admit thiago 's motto made a better rallying cry for a rebellion .
the wound is shallow , but seeing all the blood , the missing skin , makes everything real : this new place , this monstrous , massive growth everywhere , what has happened , what i have left .
i was not prepared for the feeling of the sunshine , or the smell of growth and life .
everything is sprouting a layer of snow , a fuzzy growth .
i rubbed my palm along my chin , frowning at the growth of stumble there .
lorien in its prime , covered with growth , inhabited by animals .
there are deep lines on his face , which is covered by a scruffy growth of beard .
the bags under his eyes , the growth of beard hiding his scar ; i try to find some resemblance to the young man i saw in my dream , but that person is gone .
he looked haggard , eyes swollen from lack of sleep , chin stubbly with a three - day - old growth that he rubbed incessantly with the palm of his pudgy hand .
it almost looks as if the tree has a cancerous growth springing from it .
he looked as if he could do with a shave , but maybe he was one of those men who shave in the morning and already look as if they have a three - day growth of beard by evening .
a strange distorted face with horny growths on its skull ( rather like one of the klingons in the star trek films ) , stared at me from the next page , and as i was staring back , repelled , the klingon closed its eyes , rose off the paper like smoke from a chimney , and swiftly solidified into a complete figure entirely clad in red .
i reached up and held his jaw , loving the scruffy feeling of his morning growth in my hands .
his eyes were still just a bit confused and his jaw had a healthy overnight growth across it .
his teeth are worn gray stubs and his puffy face bristles with several days ' growth of beard .
one man with a growth of graying stubble on his face openly sized up cole as he walked by .
the dense green growth looked as though it could be carelessly plucked away , but was actually anchored deeper in the flesh than a first glance could discern .
he looked up to see a huge growth blossoming out of what he 'd thought was a normal ceiling , but could now see was made up of the same material as the bio - tube .
another growth shot out of the first one , a thick , squat tube that pulsed with life .
this second growth lowered down until it was directly above the empty mattress , then its end split open , pieces of material curling out and away like the petals of a flower .
the air was heavy with moisture and the walls were green with mossy looking growths and algae .
rafe rubbed a hand against the rasping growth of the day old beard upon his chin .
his dirty complexion and half - inch beard growth gave hint that he had dwelled in these woods for days .
the growth , like a miniature nebula , exploded onto the mirror .
it was an old trail , partly grown with new young growth , and this growth had recently been broken down .
sighing again , he reached up to scratch his face and felt a six - day growth of beard , evidence of his recent obsession .
there was a many days growth of beard on his face .
the pale , matted growth of hair on his face could not hide his surprise .
alex lathered his weeks growth of beard and used his un - dulled knife to shave .
all had several weeks worth of beard growth on their cheeks , and all smelled so foul that it was clear that they had nt had time to wash in an equally long period of time .
barr scratched at the days growth that shadowed his lantern jaw .
the pumice knot is a growth found on sides of oak trees , caused by insect infestation .
i was surprised that the townsfolk would let such a growth persist , especially when it grew to block possible access points and lines of sight , but then i saw evidence of massive fires that had swept through the town in the past .
rea twisted a scraggly growth of beard unhappily , caught by the dilemma of the situation .
some of the grass had started to grow back but in between were fine hair - like growths of tender green .
now was the time to put on weight , feeding on the plenty of shoulder - height growth waving invitingly in the lightest of breezes .
thinking to find marshland , dead trees , and bogs , he instead discovered a lush growth of vibrant vegetation that started two hundred feet or so from the wall .
the first years produce a thicker growth .
he felt exhausted , his chin rough with a days growth of stubble and his mouth and tongue dry and furry .
toc * * * * * chapter 14 growth jin took his stance facing saga .
paul pointed at the kitchen counter , where a mass of raw pasta dough rested like a bulbous alien growth .
the creatures muzzle was short , not protruding at all , and it had a bulbous growth in the middle of its face dotted with two nostrils .
a horrid fuzzy growth that seemed monstrous and unnatural .
before investigating the strange growth that seemed to come out of the floor , jake and chris popped their hands and then heads past the edge of the opening , confirming that there was no flying fish to meet them this time .
he thought about shaving the paltry growth of stubble along his jaw and upper lip but decided to wait until randors pass .
rasped the orc with the strange growth .
i ran my hand over the short growth , just long enough to show black .
the unnatural growth had sapped the calories it had consumed .
he happen to notice numerous growths protruding from the mire , randomly scattered all over the place , much like skipping stones .
the man had been traveling for some time ; his clothes were dusty and worn , and he sported several days growth of beard .
after a while of doing nothing but staring at the trees , i began to notice some differences between the trees , even with their straight up growth and similar sizes- the patterns in the bark , how much of the roots showed from the bottom before sinking deep into the ground .
even after the pustules are spent and the swelling dissolves , a permanent wound remains where the growth once was .
he smelled the autumn spice of decay , the leaves turning into earth as the trees prepared for new growth in spring .
but all those thoughts and dreams form their growth .
the one with a crooked and pointed nose , and a black growth on her right cheek .
she sighed briefly and then said , you have a growth in your abdomen , and we really are nt sure what it is .
in the midst of the tiny bouquet they formed lay the new growth of a small brown fruit .
having now arrived at a state where his eyes focused and his head felt less like an enemy growth mounted on his shoulders , tachyon sipped alka - seltzer and listened to the distant ringing .
it was just as she had turned her attention back to gariath and his new , metallic growth that the stones shook .
quinn was the kind of man who got more attractive from a day 's growth of beard stubble , not less .
luke looked exhausted , with three days ' worth of scruffy beard growth , his glasses pushed up to the top of his head .
he was a frail , thin man in his fifties , bald as his brother , but patches of grayish fungus grew all over his skin and clothing and anything he touched , and even a daily scraping could n't quite keep the growth in check .
a three - day growth of straggly beard .
the door lay in a sort of hollow , which presumably caught enough dew to make the growth there slightly less desiccated than elsewhere .
then there are wild stories , parasitic growths on the tree of history , trying to bend it their way .
there was healthy growth all around it .
sighing , duke ran a hand over his jaw , grimacing at the two days ' worth of growth beneath his fingertips .
a three - day growth of beard coming in heavy on his cheeks and chin .
` ` the means in question is a mushroomlike growth found in hives like this one , '' isana said .
as far as he could see , in the faint light of the glowing wax , those odd trees writhed and twisted , their branches and trunks hung in festoons and swirls of the waxy growth .
the waxy growth , the croach , grew right up to the stone walls of the chasm and stopped there , but for one place he could see , where it had crept up the walls , evidently to engulf a lone and scraggly tree trying to grow from a crack in the stone .
blue jeans , hiking boots that had seen miles of hard use , brown hair that shagged a bit too much , a three - day growth of beard on a long , angular face .
pallid , lined , textured by at least a day 's unshaven growth of beard .
looking ahead they could see only tree - trunks of innumerable sizes and shapes : straight or bent , twisted , leaning , squat or slender , smooth or gnarled and branched ; and all the stems were green or grey with moss and slimy , shaggy growths .
knobbed and pitted with corruption was her age - old hide , but ever thickened from within with layer on layer of evil growth .
above this were the taller growths - strange trees with tube - like trunks of grey and purple spreading rich canopies above his head , in which orange , silver , and blue were the predominant colours .
his eyes were undershadowed with weariness , and he had several days ' growth of beard .
none of them seemed to get tired or out of breath , under that red sky , with the burnt - out sun gazing down at them like a dead eye , but eventually they fetched up on the side of a huge statue of a creature whose whole face seemed to have become a fungoid growth .
' of a truth never has such evil again been done in valinor , ' said lindo , ' but melko 's hand has laboured at worse things in the world , and the seeds of his evil have waxen since to a great and terrible growth . '
then with difficulty she found her little shears and cut the threads of that growth nigh to her head , and after that her hair grew only as it was wo nt before .
petals sprayed outward with their growth , breaking from the trees , catching in the wind and swirling through the clearing .
a growth , like scab on a wound .
there are diseases that produce this kind of growth , and in his case he , s covered with shaggy hair on top of it .
slowly , she ran her fingers over the growth .
shit , of course , the scar and his scraggly growth and the shabby prison - release dugs .
he rubbed his palm over the bristly growth on his upper lip , the makings of a gentlemans moustache that would restore him to himself .
there were black circles under his eyes from having little sleep since leaving falaise and a months growth of reddish - brown beard on his chin .
his jaw was firm and lightly flecked with a days growth of beard , which he rubbed every now and then as if it irritated him .
her wide face was covered with a several weeks ' growth of black locks .
so , he said , speaking through a mouthful of instant mashed potatoes , a few days growth on his gaunt face , i think i ve got it .
brubaker began to scrape the persistent and obnoxious growth that had dogged him since he was about fifteen .
the faint s - turn of the scar on his left cheek glowed pallid through the growth .
stopping for one last munch of a new maple growth , the maple having far too many growths for the mooses aesthetic sensibilities , the moose wandered back onto his path .
his chin and jaw had maybe half - a - days growth on them .
another puzzling feature : each had a strange , knobby growth , like a giant gall , at the top of the trunk between the boughs .
but the hand which i now saw , clearly enough , in the yellow light of a mid - london morning , lying half shut on the bedclothes , was lean , corder , knuckly , of a dusky pallor and thickly shaded with a swart growth of hair .
when will was forty - three his doctor had discovered a large , spongy growth under one arm .
he could see everything : the small stipple of blood in mccarthy 's right eyebrow , the red growth on his cheek , the blood on the blue plastic curtain , the joke sign - lamar 's thinkin place - that had hung in here when the toilet was still of the chemical variety and the shower had to be pumped up before it could be used .
no , he was looking at some sort of organic growth .
this hill - like clump of growth seemed to be lying over some grayish , spongy growth medium .
something glinted in the spongy mass of growth and henry leaned a little closer , wondering even as he did it if microscopic bits of the fungus were already growing on the wet , unprotected surfaces of his eyes .
off to one side , sporting its own fuzz of growth , was a roll of friction tape .
jonesy saw the growth in pete 's eyesocket twitch .
the grays call the red growth byrus , a word that means ' the stuff of life ' .
the sweat pops out on jonesy 's face almost immediately , and by the time the four of them get to the pay phone ( which is near the woodstove , would n't you know it ) , it 's rolling down his cheeks , and his armpits feel like jungle growth after a heavy rain ... not that he has all that much growth there yet , not at fourteen .
it was growing on three of the fingers on his right hand now , and had all but plugged the cup of his left ear with its spongy , itching growth .
the great in majority of those who contracted it ( ' a fungal growth not unlike athlete 's foot , ' said the great white father ) beat it quite easily on their own .
a great unruly hedge , easily eighteen feet high and god knew how thick , ran away from the pillars on either side ; it had also begun to spread fat green fingers down the hill toward the jungle growth .
there were brown spots that looked like some sort of fungoid growth , and these were spreading .
a large hard growth , half callus and half blister , had risen on the inside of his index finger , where the pencil pressed most firmly .
he had a considerable growth of reddish - gold beard .
in spite of this enthusiasm , wolf 's grip was gentle enough , cushioned by the crisp , furry growth of hair on his hand .
` ` i do n't know , '' i said , and he put his face in the hollow of my shoulder and i held the back of his head , felt the delicate curve of his skull just under the thick growth of his hair .
his week 's growth of beard made him look like a porcupine about six weeks after a shearing .
he has a skillet face and a frame like vegetal growth and sluggish eyes and a mind with no doors or windows .
one has no shoes on - instead his feet are encased in a growth of chalky bonelike shell articulated with tendon between the plates that spread and contract when he walks .
it seems difficult for her to move , as though the gravity of her own body is working against her - her muscles unable to keep pace with her size and the weight of her bony growth .
at the base of her skull was a mole that looked like a chewed licorice jujube or a replica of a hawaiian island , a mole that emerged each time she got a haircut , like a rock at low tide , then would slowly , slowly disappear under a growth of hair with each passing day .
morning saw him with a four day growth of beard , a tongue like bacteria - friendly linoleum and the most improbable , throbbing erection .
the man had a light covering of white hair and a gentle growth across his cheeks that by tomorrow would be a proper five oclock shadow .
close up like this , rob observed how his friend 's ears had sprouted a rich growth of hair , presumably to offset the loss from his crown .
there were only two people sitting at the bar , one of them a middle aged man with a short growth of graying beard hunched over a pint .
a silent moment passed , during which time he brooded and rubbed the short growth of beard on his face .
white paul waved him off and rubbed the short growth of spotty stubble on his face .
as always it stood high off the ground , proudly protruding out of the cliffs like some bizarre growth that incorporated bunting .
he was about five foot three , had a three day growth of perfected coiffed beard , and wore black sneakers , black socks , black shorts , and a black t - shirt .
mathew w. weaver the beard was shortened too ; the mass of dense twisted growth shortened to the consistency of prickly hairbrush , the kind you always found yourself landing on when you fall on the couch .
young trees sprout up everywhere , the rapid growth promising to destroy most man - made structures .
the lower half of his face , usually smooth and official was covered in a fortnights growth of beard .
its the closest ill ever come to giving birth and after it i had a deepened respect for the pain women endure while their reproductive system is jerked around by the growth in their womb .
some denizens required only two or three hookups , while others heads looked like they were sprouting a growth of wire hair .
its breath and growth derived from just one source .
he did nt have a beard or mustache , but he carefully cultivated a five - oclock shadow by always shaving with an electric razor set to leave a sixteenth of an inch of growth .
he had a two or three day growth of stubble , and when he turned she could see an ugly scar that began a little below his eye and curved down towards the jaw .
he had a huge growth at the back of his neck , and yellow and black bruises all over his body .
the black man had vanished on an errand of his own , becoming invisible among the sturdy limbs , a non - stationary growth amid insatiable vegetable reproduction .
even with her warm fingertips just barely touching the flushed skin , she thought that she could feel the outline of the growth .
that would tell us there 's a tumor or growth of some kind in the brain , and where it is , if the growth is big enough .
are you going to clear out all the growth and build a new house ?
all that growth is my garden , i explained .
she crouched tiger - like , a stone sculpture of an elephant - headed indian god positioned over her shoulder like a strange growth .
pretty brown eyes that deceptively appeared to cross slightly over the bridge of her nose ; a thick dark bush of hair that from far away seemed coarse and mean but up close became a soft - looking spongy growth that curled gently at the hairline .
he would look like any aging man drinking out of a paper - bag bottle and scratching at a few day 's growth on his chin .
bits of hair and blood stuck to the corroded metal like a living thing , like a growth .
somehow the stump seemed preferable to an arm , as if it was only natural that the stump was cut short of the elbow , and even if there were a hand below it would be nothing but a bony growth .
interesting model you re wearing though , he said thoughtfully , stroking the small growth of stubble on his chin .
sideburns thicker even than the dense growth on his head ran halfway down his cheeks , which in this strong light seemed fair .
these were the scruffy growth of begietans gang once humiliated by gelic - el .
one was about forty , six - feet tall ; he was a big man with a growth of whiskers .
pets right palm rested on the bottom of the rounding growth to the front of her .
every moon , thou and thine magnetic osiris shalt receiveth a benign growth of fleshy pocket filled with republic juleps equaling not the other amount , except for this and totaling nothing otherwise .
scattered patches of white had found places to reside in the dense growth upon his head and within his newly - grown beard : he was no longer the young accordionist bunnu had once known .
even her wispy hair screamed for attention ; more lilac than gray , it fluffed out like a purple dandelion in a fruitless attempt to conceal its sparse growth .
i did nt recognize you without that growth that was attached to your chin .
is a being with a heartbeat and dna different than mine really just a blob of worthless cells , like a wart or a cancerous growth ?
then from his neck and burrowing through his skull more tendrils thrusting forth in resolute growth , pushing skyward and sunward and out what had been his ears and eyes and nose , his mouth yielding forth not words but all mix of bloomsclematis , wisteria , honeysuckle , trumpet flower : all dangling in a nectar - laden tangle of succulent and fragrant clusters .
in a flash the little white ball was hit with a bundle of flower growth .
he felt whiskers there , a prickly two day growth ; he could have done with a shave , but that had not been possible , there was no wash - basin in his room and the bathroom was on the lower floor , next door to mrs molloys bedroom .
she found liverpool , swollen like a growth on the face of the north west coast , then traced a finger from there , first to the east and then due south .
in the back of the room , mrs . lilywhite stared at melody from the side of her cubicle , her cat glasses perched halfway down the shapeless mountain of her nose , her massive round head like a freakish growth on the cubicles side .
everyone was tied into a chair , john was now on the floor with a myriad of cords about his head , serpentine cords covered in a black hairy growth , and there was a sea of bodies , blood - shot , bulging eyes , gasping , screaming bodies .
besides , the ten day growth of beard was a fairly good disguise but scraggly .
hair mussed , unshaven , the two - day or more whisker growth looked likewell , perhaps i m projecting .
pip was proud of his new growth , the hairs on his legs .
when it took two razors to finally eradicate the thick growth of stubble on her legs , lacy was properly disgusted with herself .
he too wore jeans , a tucked - in long sleeve shirt and a days growth of beard .
how she had missed this vibrant growth , the kind that seemed to explode over night .
he smiled as he reached the window , his perfect white teeth gleaming against the dark growth of stubble on his face .
in some ways he looked pretty much like everyone else in the barscruffy , several days growth on his face , greasy unwashed hair poking out of a dirty gray ball cap .
he had a days growth on his chin and cheeks , his reddish blond hair was uncombed , and his striped necktie was tied in a sloppy four - in - hand knot that would have earned him detention in his boarding school days .
he was the largest one there , at six foot two , two hundred and twenty five pounds , with shaggy long light brown hair and the faintest beginnings of growth on his chin , large brown eyes often displaying an expression like ocean - worn glass .
still with eyes shut , john passed both hands over his cheeks and the dark growth was gone .
on the fifth day he peered at the dark beard growth in the bathroom mirror .
he had a growth of some sort on the side of his head above his ear .
he peered at the offending growths : scabrous trunks arcing fifty feet up to crowns of puny fronds .
the houses , all very neat and spruce in the suburbs , loom larger than the mountains , and their cancerous growth strains toward vancouver in the north and portland in the south .
as craig gained altitude , the vegetation changed subtly and slowly , the trees diminishing in height and girth and relinquishing their shortness for a more stunted and gnarled growth .
a growth appeared to be on his upper cheek and his brow .
he looked like a poorhouse apparition , albeit a handsome one , with a strong face that was smudged with several days growth of beard .
tia hung up the phone , looked at it in her hand as if it were some strange new growth .
harvey , on the other hand , had his tie loosened to somewhere around his knees , believed in shaving only when the growth began to itch , and would need a handgun to shoot his hair into place .
he had a week 's growth of beard and a prominent scar over his right eyebrow , the result of a sailing accident some years before .
sometimes , they acted like they thought she was nice , but more often than not , they acted like she was this weird growth that had appeared at their son 's side .
his handsome face is pale with a full day 's growth of beard , and his bloodshot eyes have dark circles underneath .
i pressed a kiss to his scratchy face with its two - week growth of dark blond beard .
he grinned easily at the camera , a growth of dark beard lining his now - angular chin .
instead , i ran a finger along brodie 's jaw - line , feeling the overnight growth of blond beard stubble .
one day out of the blue , my feet disappeared beneath the oversized growth in my stomach and i freaked out .
his jaw is square , and like always , it looks like he needs to shave ; the dark growth around his mouth makes his full lips stand out even more .
it was an absolute disaster , and several days ' worth of beard growth was lining his jaw .
gray had replanted the lost trees but it would be awhile before they bore fruit and his new growth also was n't there .
his lips were firm , his tongue insistent , his beard growth prickly as it scraped her chin .
he had bad boy radiating from every sexy , muscular inch of him , from the perpetual beard growth on his face , to his scruffy dark hair , to the piercing gray eyes that were forever undressing her .
her fingertips skimmed the stubble above his upper lip , then trailed over the beard growth along the line of his jaw .
with his feet bare and his jaw prickly with beard growth , he made a seriously sexy picture .
he rubbed the stubble coating his chin , momentarily distracted by the three days ' worth of beard growth beneath the pads of his fingers .
she pulled back to run her fingers over his week 's worth of beard growth , and searched his playful green eyes for any sign that he 'd gotten injured during his mission .
mia ran her fingers over his beard growth , smiling up at him .
despite the cotton tee and worn jeans , he looked like a viking god , his honey - colored hair just long enough to make a girl want to run her fingers through it , his strong jaw covered in several days growth .
his face was scruffy with a few days growth , giving him a more dangerous , mysterious look , something she had never thought about him before .
len was behind him , and looked even worse for the wear , several days growth of beard on his jaw .
the sunlight glittered across them , now reminding her of green gems , and such a contrast to the tanned face and new growth of dusky beard .
her mind and her eyes kept wandering to jack and the strong cut of his jaw , the short growth of stubble that had grown over the course of the day .
he was an incredibly attractive growth , especially when his brown eyes lit up almost like they were on fire if he got jealous .
she rubbed the sleeve along his chin , stubbly with beard growth at the early morning hour .
eve cupped his cheek , feeling the slight bristle of the first growth of beard on his jaw .
smacking his forehead , he ran twitchy fingers through his hair , his palm grazing a day 's growth on his chin .
she lifted her free hand and brushed her fingers against his cheek , which had a few days growth of hair on it .
stiff and self - conscious and excruciatingly aware of his strength , his scent , his body , she kept her gaze fixed on colin 's strong jaw , rough with a day 's growth of beard .
with a muffled cry , she lifted her hand and touched his jaw , bristling with a day 's growth of beard .
he was older , and caucasian ; he had a growth of silver stubble on his chin and cheeks , and his features were broader and less defined .
he was gorgeous wearing tattered pants , a two days ' growth of beard , and twigs in his hair .
she could clearly see the angular line of his cheek and jaw , shadowed by a new growth of whiskers .
slowly he slid down the zipper on his jeans , the denim spreading open in a vee to reveal bronzed skin and the vertical line of downy hair that arrowed down his lower abdomen into the thicker growth of hair just visible in his opened pants .
with his black resistol pulled down low on his brow to shade his eyes and a day - old growth of beard , he looked a little wild , possibly dangerous and totally delicious .
he was unkempt , with long dark hair and at least three days ' growth of gray - black beard , but the intelligence in his dark eyes was undiminished .
she followed the angle of his high cheekbones , his straight , noble nose , and the squareness of his jaw , noting the two or three days ' growth of beard that shadowed his skin and the kiss of a dimple .
she knew the way the overnight growth of beard darkened his face in the morning , and the way his eyes gleamed wickedly when he teased her , and then darkened when he wanted her .
she looked as fresh and perfect as early - morning sunshine , while he was covered with sweat and dust , his jaw dark with a day 's growth of beard .
his hair was unkempt , his eyes were red , and he had what looked to be several days ' worth of beard growth on his jaw .
she slid her hand up into his short hair , the texture spiky against her palm as she rubbed it against its pattern of growth .
it was the first time she 'd seen him without several days ' growth of beard , and the clean , hard lines of his scarred face made her breath catch .
he was a nondescript character , his clothing worn , his face covered by a couple of days ' growth of beard , and his smell of stale alcohol made jane wrinkle her nose .
nnabelle wanted to reach up and touch his cheek , right where a little downy growth had started coming in .
the thick bristle of beard told me i 'd reached my goal , and i felt carefully under the dense growth for the pulse in his throat .
myers shook his head , but his eyes twinkled over the thick growth of beard .
few pumpkins , however , could boast such a luxuriant growth of beard , nor such a pair of bright blue eyes .
like most of the men , he had not bothered to shave while traveling , and a heavy growth of dark brown beard framed his mouth , accentuating the full lower lip .
jamie , who had insisted on walking most of the way to spare the horse , was a disreputable sight indeed , hose stained to the knees with reddish dust , spare shirt torn by brambles and a week 's growth of beard bristling fiercely from cheek and jaw .
i wrote up a careful description of the growth on little geordie chisholm 's ear , which would bear watching , and added the most recent measurements i had taken of tom christie 's left hand .
from a distance , in muted light , it might pass for a day 's growth of beard .
although dressed impeccably , his hair was a mess and a growth of stubble darkened his normally smooth cheeks .
the scent of a fungus , the vein of its growth squirming its way in slow curves through the ground .
a short and burly individual of middle years , his swarthy face was stubbled with several days ' growth of beard .
a goatee , thick as an overgrown shrub , with a few days worth of growth on his cheeks between the goatee and his long sideburns .
it had lost its swords somewhere along the way , but she could see a new growth of crystals beginning in its fists .
a shaggy growth of dark beard covered his wide jaw , and his amber eyes , shadowed with fatigue , lit up with the realization of who she was .
he was still dressed in the clothes he 'd worn yesterday , and he looked exhausted , his hard face shadowed with both fatigue and a day 's growth of beard .
mike nipped lightly at her cl*t and then rubbed the bristle of his beard growth through her folds .
his reddish - blond hair curled thickly atop his head , his handsome face framed with a square jaw dusted with a day 's growth of beard .
his cheeks already had a sexy growth of beard .
he had a deep tan and at least a two - day beard growth .
rubbing his jaw and the bristly growth of day - old beard at his chin , john pondered his next move .
his eyes were hard and frosty , and a day 's growth of beard darkened his jaw .
just then , her bouncer approached , wearing two days ' growth of beard , a khaki shirt with bettie page in a bikini and fishnet stockings , and a mischievous smile .
his hair was longish and his jaw was darkened with new beard growth .
she touches his cheek , feels the soft stubble of new growth , as familiar to her now as the wedding band she wears .
behind her , colt came in , a thick growth of hair on his chin and his normally short hair shaggy under his knit cap .
because it 's spring , the growth has a raggedy aspect to it , a mix of early yellow flowers , clover , and dead straw still hanging out from last year .
a few threads of silver had woven their way into his dark hair , and the lower half of his face was shadowed by a day 's growth of beard .
rafe had at least a full day 's growth of stubble coating his normally smooth skin , and the circles under his eyes attested to the fact that it did n't look like he 'd been sleeping much .