any growth there ? ''
` ` it 'll look better in the spring when the new growth comes in .
she hoped there would be some new growth on that bush , because the current bare spots gave it a sickly look .
as she walked , her feet were silent with the spring growth padding her feet , letting the moist , morning air swirl around her , grateful for the lower number of bugs that were usually present in the evenings .
the idea was to cut off new growth as soon as it was developed - before it had a chance to get tough and woody .
rabbits scampered in the underbrush , and squirrels darted up the trees as they wound their way through the dense growth .
being a wildland firefighter was the best damn job in the world , whether he was protecting a thousand acres of old - growth forest or saving houses at the forest 's edge when the owners had already given up hope that they 'd have a home to return to .
but saving lives and homes and old - growth forests made it all worth it .
as winter had turned to spring and spring had shifted into summer , the trees were bursting with bright green new growth that she 'd never failed to appreciate .
and no wonder ... the meadow had never been so full of flowers and the green forest so covered in fresh leaves and new growth .
evalle had covered a mile of running and fighting her way through areas strangled with dense growth when she caught the toe of her boot and fell to her knees .
evalle sat on the fern - covered ground , knees propped up , facing the tangled jungle growth ten feet away that had been ripped to shreds and beaten to pieces by a beast .
the forest blanketing the mountain was old growth , the pines and hardwoods so dense that sunlight barely reached the moist ground - not that she had to worry about that any longer .
they were in a square garden , surrounded on two sides by the walls of the fortress and on the other two sides by a heavy growth of trees .
she could see the veins snaking under his skin , like the growth of some delicate , branching coral .
i paused by a big clump of the plumy bushes that only seem to grow big out in the sun - gran would have had a name for them , but i didn't - and i heard a deer moving around inside the dense growth .
i looked out the window at the fields and ditches , choked with growth , the heat hovering over them like a giant blanket .
the extravagant growth and lushness had only increased while i was gone .
he could n't spy her out through the thick growth and the waterfall 's mist , but he could n't remain much longer - a branch cracked behind him .
but the chance to go stomping about the old - growth forest he had heard about as a boy from his father was stronger than his belief that the two women were going to hit him over the head and bury him - even if there was a shovel propped against the wall beside a slim beech , its roots carefully wrapped in burlap .
as soon as jenks got back with trent and ray , we 'd be taking the river path where we could stay in the shelter of the old - growth forest .
` ` the growth was slow but steady until my deity punished me with the snow for daring to ignore his orders .
i walked slowly through the dense growth , studying each tree .
smooth , warm cheeks , a thick growth of bristly whiskers on his jaw , a straight nose , and ... she swallowed .
maax scratched the thick growth of whiskers on his jaw .
i turned on my flashlight and shined it toward the dense growth .
i stared closely at the fine details of his handsome , peaceful face - light - olive skin , sultry lips , his straight nose and thick black growth of stubble .
she fell silent as they slowly made their way through the low growth of corn .
16 before calcutta , india i rested my cheek against the opening of the carriage and peeked out from behind the curtain at the creamy wax blossoms that sprouted from the trees and the thick green growth that clung to their trunks .
for one , there was a ring of forested growth on the far side of that stone wall she 'd traversed .
dense forests of giant , old - growth redwoods hemmed it in on one side - silent , massive and pungent .
this could be just a growth that wo n't put you in any danger .
i will turn this place to ash , like a rotten forest , and watch the new growth stretch to the sun .
he gazed at the jungle growth that ringed their shelter .
graham thought of misty 's small garden where the much sparser growth had smelled clean and sweet .
the clearing that had looked immense during the drive down the hill now revealed that it once had been twice that size , with new - growth woods invading the previously extensive park and gardens .
chapter 4 bell recovery was headquartered in a sturdy brick building on the edge of a large industrial yard on the southwest side of atlanta , all ugly ruins surrounded by bright green growth .
medusa was warm , her coat shaggy with winter growth .
she pointed toward a thick growth of trees .
` ` so from what you told me , you can control water and the weather , and manipulate natural elements and growth . ''
working through the thickest growth , i made my way to a vantage point where i could see part of the parking area in front of the trailer and all of the backyard .
the camera panned across annie 's yard : the viewers could see a dense growth of the divi- divi trees , dark and close ; a neighbor 's fenced yard ; a clothesline with athletic jerseys , jeans , and a checkered tablecloth snapping in the twilight air .
a tropical oasis of nothing but sand , water , and lush tropical growth .
we stared down at the turned earth already beginning to show signs of growth .
then he smelled it as well , the gentlest fragrance of a meadow , all that verdant growth , the earth , a combined scent of indistinguishable flowers .
cincinnati was just as hot and humid in the summer , but it lacked the wild , wet growth of the louisiana waterways .
his slight growth of beard scraped the skin on her face .
a day 's growth of beard shadowed his face , and his lips were just full and firm enough to tease her with possibilities .
the property was nestled in thick trees , an old growth of evergreens , one of the few stands left in the area .
behind him , gary and jubal were looking at the amazing growth of plants .
up so high , where she was born , in the familiar stunted growth of the lush forest , she took a moment to look around , hoping the blast from the other side of the mountain had spared the forest itself .
fed by the rich loam , driven by riley 's command , the roots kept spreading , weaving themselves together , an impenetrable jungle of fibrous growth just below the surface and going down hundreds of feet .
they were hidden from view by a grove of old - growth trees whose trunks were as wide and thick as a small car .
she felt the new growth , long twisting vines , pushing out of the soil beneath and beside her to wind around her body , a cover of forest green .
the willows were starting to drop their summer growth and the air around her made her shiver .
a dark growth of stubble lined his hard job .
she noticed that a faint growth of stubble covered his square jaw .
somehow , a rain had come and he and corolan both felt the rumbling of growth across the dead world .
half the land showed that green haze of new growth .
an idea fell like a seed , and over the next weeks it went on growing like a fig vine , lush and conquering , twining round her old beliefs and covering them in new growth until they were as invisible as a tiger in a thicket -- and just as deadly .
dead stalks from earlier years ' growth .
it was no more than two hundred yards to the thick growth of palms and underbrush .
he nodded toward the island , where a riotous growth of jungle spilled down the slope of a hill to meet its own green shadow in the shallow water .
in fact , the veranda that ran along one side of the house overhung a small lagoon , the building set on sturdy silvered - wood pilings that rose from the water , crusted with a spongy growth of tunicates and mussels and the fine green seaweed called mermaid 's hair .
lawrence stern , who had insisted on accompanying the expedition , told me that most of the plantations up in the hills used the river as their main linkage with kingston and the harbor ; roads were either atrocious or nonexistent , swallowed by lush growth with each new rainy season .
fireflies lit the yard , drifting like green sparks among the damp , lush growth of plants .
and you only need be in pistol shot of one american , he reminded himself , grimly pushing through a growth of larches .
i threaded my way through a small growth of fresh - budding river willows , found a conveniently screened rock in the sun , and spread out the damp skirt of my shift , enjoying the warmth on my shoulders , the sharp scent of the fuzzy catkins , and the sight before me .
the snow covered the ground now in a thin blanket that hid dark earth and sprouting growth .
he turned out of the lane and began climbing , his small form almost obscured by the luxuriant growth of bracken and the drooping branches of rowan trees on the lower slopes .
now he came to look , he could see the narrow path of a deer trail through the growth and the partial print of a small sneaker in the mud of it .
it was screened by an outcrop of rock and a heavy growth of gorse ; you could n't see the narrow opening at all unless you were standing in front of it .
at the same time , to go wandering blind through bogs and clinging growth would be madness .
he pushed ahead , the ground sloping away gradually beneath him , until he stood in the open water , the dense growth of the swamp behind him .
he scanned the shore slowly , looking for any trace of chimney smoke , any break in the dense growth that might betoken a settlement .
he rushed up into the growth of gum and juniper and paused , gasping for breath , relieved .
with this thought in mind , he drove himself to greater exertions , dashing over open ground beneath a growth of gum trees , then swerving into a thicket of juniper , popping out again almost immediately onto a game trail .
the verge was open here , though , with a thick but spindly growth of saplings behind it ; no one could hide in there .
` ` back there , sir , '' zeb quavered , jerking a thumb toward the growth behind the lean - to .
in fact , it was surprisingly comfortable ; there was a thick growth of springy grass on which to spread the blankets , and , so close to the water , the air was at least moving , cool on my skin .
` ` stay here , '' he said briefly to bixby , and ran down the slope , stumbling and pushing his way through a thick growth of alders that left sticky sap all over his hands .
he kicked his horse sharply and they shot off , turning abruptly left as they passed a patch of thick growth - and a good thing , too , because he heard something heavy whiz past his head and go crashing into the growth .
he kicked his horse sharply and they shot off , turning abruptly left as they passed a patch of thick growth - and a good thing , too , because he heard something heavy whiz past his head and go crashing into the growth .
there it was , the thick growth that marked the edge of the ravine .
he could hear men fighting in the ravine - perhaps three hundred yards from where he was - but there was sufficient growth that he was hidden from them .
disappeared with the mare into a growth of pu**y willows downstream .
he shouted , with what breath he had left , and waved an arm wildly , gathering the men , pointing them down the road toward a growth of trees that would cover them .
ian 's feet blundered into a knee - high growth of thick weed and he realized that he 'd stumbled off the road .
roger 's foot sank through the spongy growth into a puddle , soaking him to the ankle , and he nearly lost his balance .
there seems to be something miraculous about seeing the relentless optimism of new growth after the bleakness of winter , a kind of joy in the difference every year , the way nature chooses to show off different parts of the garden to its full advantage .
i ask as i run my hand through the short growth of hair .
the stone walls were covered with algae and other forms of growth .
though it was scarcely used , somehow the path managed to stay clear of excess growth .
druzeel turned and looked past the injured shadow man walking towards him , to the thick growth of the forest .
a force was guiding him toward a tall cluster of weeds and dead growth .
they chose an area sheltered by a few small trees that stood outside the wall of old growth .
i d like my territory spread further south onto the plains , that s where the growth is , and of course i d like you .
the snow melted and the grass grew , and the once - telltale barren spots were now lush and green with new growth .
as he emerged from the jungle growth of vines and branches , the leafy venue parted around his half - dead body with its hideously bony face and dark gaping hole in his stomach where his intestines had been gobbled up months before by the zombie horde that had fed so intensely upon him in his final screams .
as we walked through the garden the aromas and scents of the various plants made my nose tingle for many species grew in the various flower beds and some wove their way through the wrought iron work , up the walls and across the space between , where rope cords had been strung to encourage their growth .
we spent two days travelling thus , the type of growth had changed after half a days walk from the ocean and now we found ourselves walking through a much denser region of oak and other broad leaved trees , quite reminiscent of gelteertenya .
the peaks nearest to us were low and either completely covered in greenery or topped with a rocky outcrop , looking like an old mans bald head where the upper slopes were too steep for any kind of growth to take root .
then explained that north of the garrison the trees grew few and growth was mainly stunted bushes of harsh plants with sharp thorns that would tear at the skin if you ventured too close .
then when this landscape ended it gave way to cold wind blown mountain wastes where nothing grew except for small lichen like growth that huddled close to the ground .
the surrounding trees i also did nt recognise they were big leafed growths , lianas hung from them and big blooms of exotic flowers could be seen , in fact the woman had such a flower tucked into her hair behind her ear .
looking up i could not see the tops of these trees for the growth was so high and dense i could not see more than thirty metres above the ground .
but we could not see more than five or six metres in front of us due to the density of the growth here and soon i was flagging a bit in the intense heat of the place , the very air we breathed seemed to be warmer than our own body temperature and it was getting quite uncomfortable .
osh watched him go , he watched him until he disappeared behind some large boulders and a small growth of balbar trees .
filtering screens visible from space were built and hung up between the largest of old - growth blue - leaf trees .
today , the planet is covered with mountainous regions of wild growth , for the plants long since escaped the controlled greenhouses .
it was hard to distinguish what we were looking at ; everything was just a pile of black charcoal with new growth pushing out of it .
when you looked down at them from the side of the mountain , the brush looked as dense as the growth we had just climbed up , but when you actually got down to the valley ; even though it was mucky the ground level was quite clear .
i felt branches and leaves abusing my body from head to toe , but they cushioned my fall and i stopped there , tangled in some growth , but right on the safe ground .
it was only the larger ones that could be seen above the surface , but looking down into the water there were bits and pieces overgrown with green growth swaying in the water ; ghosts of a noble past .
it 's approximately ten times as fast as the old - fashioned natural growth .
the cover popped open and the door handle release was nested in a small growth of the weed coral .
their father nodded , seeming to remember something , yes ; it was covered in growth from the woods , but it was clearly abandoned .
he saw trees shift from the cold - climate needle - leaves he knew to wider , lusher growth .
even if one flew right over , the tree growth was heavy here , and the chances of them being found was slim .
lush growth was everywhere - climbing vines with large orange flowers grasped the thick black tree trunks and mingled with the canopies .
~~0~~0~~0~~ the beds of the mossy like growth stretch out for a considerable distance , dotted here and there are some of the machines , presumably tending this crop .
then the desert disappeared under the growth of a forest floor , trees with trunks wider than the room and ferns drawn up from black loam by fingers of light reaching down between the shivering leaves .
lujan scanned the steaming growth beyond the landing circle as the hatch opened .
i quickly look all around , scanning the low growth for the pot - bellied beast responsible for the droppings .
unsheathing my spear , clutching it securely in sweat - slickened hands , i watch as nearby growth stirs and a boart comes into view .
the sun is beating down from overhead , penetrating the treetop canopy with blazing shafts of light , when the terrain becomes so crowded with growth it is difficult to continue at my brisk pace .
i attempt to dart through thick , interlocked growth , but the patch is closely packed and makes running difficult .
just as shocking , around the transport station green trees and grass extended to the limits of his vision : acre after acre of unmanaged chaotic plant growth , without any sign of food - plants or other species usefully engineered to meet human needs , and without tending robotic augmenters to counter pathogens or to measure out or conserve water .
although he could nt see much , he could sense an unusual pattern in the growth of the forest .
deep into the hillside , behind a growth of brush and bramble , she found a long , obsidian , perfectly flat wall .
nece turned and began to look into the line of trees , there old , seems to be a patch of old growth forest .
she expected it to leave a heavy trail of tracks , but the grass was so thick from years of growth , that it mostly sprang up behind them , as if they had never passed there .
i turned and saw a coastal range of mountains , snow capped and covered with green growth almost to the top .
that s prime old growth douglas fir forest , with plenty of big red cedar and western hemlock , too .
she had recently seen the old - growth trees surrounding the goth cabin , and they were incredible .
besides that , she personally felt very strongly that any still - existing old - growth forest should be preserved .
how long would it take for the old growth forest to completely recover , elizabeth wondered ?
even given adequate soil in spots , how many tree - lifetimes would it then take for stunted , overcrowded saplings , small enough to be ravaged by fire or draught , to become the enduring giants of an old growth forest ?
gigantic old - growth douglas fir , hemlock , and western red cedar trees reached into the sky for eighty meters or more .
she took care where she stepped however , to avoid crushing delicate new spring growth , some already flowering , that was emerging from the thick , spongy black humus underfoot , among scattered patches of wet , melting snow .
after another hundred yards the forest opened into several acres of meadowland green with spring growth .
in a little stand of old - growth trees dooley at last stopped running , and stood his ground , and the thing that chased him was now apparently moving in .
there 's almost no old - growth forest left though ; it 's one of my greatest fears that my paintings will outlive the trees that they depict . ''
` ` i ' m for letting logging companies raise and harvest their own logs , but dead - set against clear - cutting or any logging at all of the few remaining old - growth forests .
he had always been a conservationist and against logging old - growth forest , but it had been years since he had seen the devastation it caused first - hand .
gigantic old growth forest towered beyond the log fence , dwarfing the tempo and humans .
these old over - growth trees are crying out to be cut down and made into things folks can use .
even the stone path they stood on was not encroached upon by any growth trying to reclaim it .
branches , each weighing hundreds of pounds , were crashing down about the apc , some dead , others decorated in green spring growth .
except for the hillock where they stood , it was impossible to see anything clearly through the forest growth until anson was the first to detect some movement .
the dense canopy reduced the amount of scrub growth so they mostly had to avoid tree roots , which they probably learned how to do from experience .
they reached the western end of the elvenwood , where the ground became much more uneven , almost hilly , but the forest growth was still dense .
from there they could remain hidden and see down past the scrubby , bushier growth to the bank of the river .
the last remnants of the winter storm had passed , and the scent of new plant growth was heavy in the air .
siren and tyrran were finally working together and established a chemical agent in the form of a gas that was synthesized to eliminate radiation pockets , reverse global warming and re - stimulate plant growth .
the stone path he stood on was not encroached upon by any growth trying to reclaim it .
once brilliant fallen leaves were mostly brown now , but there was still plenty of rich green evergreen growth .
johnny floated up to several meters above the thickest man - tall jungle growth to get a better view .
johnny and the tentacle disappeared into the man - tall tangle of ground - level jungle growth .
their land was unsuitable for farming or even for the natural growth of trees or shrubs whose fruit could be harvested .
hydroponics had been overtaken by mysteriously lush growth in the short span between their last jump and four tetches ago .
i squatted down and looked into the black hole in the thick growth of bushes , vines and weeds he had stepped through , and touched a thorn .
she moved quickly through the thick growth and would pause and wait while tuck and i fought through the brambles .
he disappeared into the thick growth and was gone .
it was almost soul - crushing for the people who worked so hard to learn that most of the growth was inedible vines as they stared at the small pile of actual fruit .
no one wandered off to an area marked off with tape , which resembled an old growth forest yards away , but with no leaves and the barks were burnt and ashen .
the terraced canyon wall , the wall they stood on , was covered in rudimentarily clay shelters , and had patches of organic growth around them , either planted patches for food or a thin layer of moss .
these structures and the plant growth need water .
the mtav exploded through the dense growth of roots and vines to soar into a small depression where the rsbt had crashed .
smaller farming domes thick with lush green growth dotted the landscape offering the only bit of color on an otherwise dull landscape .
oxygen is produced by the various plant growth , beneath the water of the lakes .
they stood on a brick walkway looking out over a manicured growth of shrubbery surrounding what looked to be a giant clock built into ground with the numbers formed by trimmed hedges .
the new growth combined with the old dead wood created an odd effect .
the latter only came in two flavors : bristly blue green low growth and cotton candy pastel oma trees .
old - growth trees sheltered the neighbourhood from the sun with their long , flowing branches .
from the cameras , we ca n't see any obvious growth on the roof , so we 're wondering if some of your plants have managed to sneak some tendrils up through the slab along the walls . ''
it stood on stilts above a stretch of waterway , surrounded by dense forest growth .
cass led them through a heavy growth of halloween trees and prickly brush .
it was bald on top , with a thin growth of twist trees around its ears .
the other drones and fighters crashed into the tangle of growth and were reduced to nothing .
she drew back , giggled and then pulled him toward the river and the screening growth of trees and bushes farther down the road .
it was now partially concealed by vines and other small growth .
in a valiant , spasmodic burst of energy he had crashed through the dense growth .
the dim plant life streamed by , and the growth directly under the car twisted and turned in the artificial wind .
the fungal growth is only thought to harm the insect population .
but the mild temperatures , abundant game and edible plants made the location ideal for growth .
kilton 's diction soothed steffor , lost to the steady pace as he watched the moving pictures display the generations of fruitful growth .
our branch displayed many unique and unseen growth patterns and foliage .
fascinated , not trusting his eyes from the deception of illusion , he quickened his approach and placed both hands on the new growth .
his hands traced the fine line between old growth and new , the slight variances in color the only clue depicting the two .
steffor asked , intently investigating the area of new growth .
ten yards wide , the root 's growth into the dark soil of the deagron fields provided a natural ramp in which to enter the belly briar .
one side of it was very sharp like the sharp edge of a sickle , and the opposite side was supple new growth , which was how the grass got its name sickle grass .
there will be fire set to a diseased forest , allowing for new growth .
they are in the habit of vertical growth rather than horizontal sprawl .
he leaned out and pulled back the growth .
there was not much tree growth covering the hills .
without light there would be no growth .
had she not just seen these trees at full growth and pavement under her feet , there would be no way of knowing that she was in the past .
big old - growth trees on each side of it formed a nearly solid canopy overhead , even though most of their leaves had fallen .
they drove down a winding road along the california coast , cruising beside an old growth forest , which led them through some foothills of a coastal mountain range .
in 1952 , an excavation team found this pyramid which was concealed by the jungles relentless growth .
she drew back , giggled and then pulled him toward the river and the screening growth of trees , and bushes farther down the road .
from the air , the only way you could tell there had once been a settlement in that spot was that the new growth had a slightly different color and- and , well , texture - than the surrounding forests . ''
and our wastes are mostly used right here at home to maintain all that growth .
murphy 's head whipped left and right , but the hedges were old growth , impassable and unbroken .
i am adjusting projection overlays where i will mark the desert 's daily growth . ''
riches of wild growth , but nowhere shai - hulud .
a thick growth of shadescale and salt bushes lined the lower edges of these canyons with an inner ring of fan palms , indicating the water riches of this place .
leto knew the place would leak moisture and would be full of night - biters from the nearby growth .
and , for all its luxuriant growth , the rain forest provided little edible food ; a number of expeditions had starved to death .
however , if the primary jungle was cleared by man and later abandoned , an entirely different secondary growth took over .
elliot , munro , and ross spent a hot , difficult morning hacking their way through the dense bamboo and the clinging , tearing vines of secondary jungle growth to reach new buildings in the heart of the city .
kirilli shrieks as the shadowy growth studies us ominously .
he finished his cigarette , tossed the butt into a tangled growth of bindweed and wild oats .
the land between consisted of low , rolling hills covered with planar bushy growths , purple or deep bluish green .
we have thousands of little diseased patches , scrubby growth , general decay -- a very unhealthy situation .
the moisture made his worm - self tingle with vague distress , but there was the smell of sweet desert growth in the mist and his human nostrils savored it .
food plants and the abundant growth of this land will be parched .
` ` no caves or heavy growth to conceal you .
beneath the silos , a sandy wasteland where no growth was permitted spread out beside mud - walled buildings , an amoeba arm of dar - es - balat reaching almost to the qanat edge .
odrade smelled the biting odors of chemicals that had been used to kill wild growth in the spice storage yard .
the light of gammu 's early moons penetrated the covering growth only occasionally .
the night goggles showed him a seemingly endless repetition of thick growth on both sides .
the growth did little to conceal the cracked courses of the bricks and the crude efforts to fill chinks with mortar .
i suspect there 's something to inspire growth in the air here , something that keeps the plants blooming .
the tunnel opens in a hillside covered with verdant growth .
the metal was dull gray and , except for small white speckles of marine growth , entirely unmarked .
` ` the indians were expert observers of the natural world , so they realized that old - growth forests sucked .
they made sure there were only islands of old - growth forest in the midst of plains and meadows .
and it 's not surprising that one hundred fifty years ago , there was less old - growth forest than there is today .
old - growth forests suck ? '
preserving old - growth forest to help the spotted owl means kirtland 's warbler and other species are deprived of the new - growth forest they prefer .
preserving old - growth forest to help the spotted owl means kirtland 's warbler and other species are deprived of the new - growth forest they prefer .
smoke curled from the occasional patches of growth or heaps of burning corpses .
navani hesitated beside a growth of tiny , fist - size rockbuds with their vines out like long green tongues .
these manage to dampen the exuberant growth of bacteria .
the growth enclosed them in abrupt green shadows .
their track plunged again into overhanging growth , leaving the battlefield behind .
ferns and other low growth were beginning to spring upright after the monstrous trampling .
it dipped gently downward into a thin screen of growth through which mckie could see a silver - green tracery of river .
it towered over the growth screening the river .
the buildings rose tall and massive over him , but through a quirk of this warren 's growth , an opening to the west allowed a spike of the silvery afternoon sunlight to slant into the narrow street .
the supervisor , a squat , bowlegged man with dirt on his hands and knees , led them in the chant of sure growth .
dozens of other fish , a multicolored mixed school , cleaned the surface of kelp leaves beyond the immediate growth .
growth there was so lush that the bottom could only be glimpsed in a few places .
a two days ' growth of beard shadowed his jaws and caught an occasional strand of hair .
the foil skidded across the edge of a kelp bed , slowing then recovering as its sharp - edged supports cut through the tangled growth .
the perimeter of growth began about two hundred meters from the outpost walls .
so it opened a channel through its heavy growth !
suddenly the spotty stands of second - growth pine and spruce that had bordered the road in scruffy patches were gone , hidden by the first real crowd they had seen .
a reception counter directly ahead was once covered with gray fabric , now overgrown with a dark , lichen - like growth .
at least now he understood why they had formed into a single file : there was no other practical way to move through the dense growth of the rain forest .
he saw something far less comforting on the other side of the track : a misshapen growth , prickly and virulent green , among the sumach and scrub trees .
the strip lumberers had been through like locusts , and the end result was a bewildering tangle of second growth and marsh .
richards swung left up a smooth tarred road that cut through a tangle of denuded sumac and elm , pine and spruce , scrubby nightmare second growth .
he was on a slight rise of land , a peninsula of the scrubby second - growth weeds he had been walking through .
near the middle , lying on the ground and half - buried in a lush growth of spring weeds , was another sign .
7 two days after eddie had given roland his unfinished key , the three travellers - hot , sweaty , tired , and out of sorts - pushed through a particu - larly tenacious tangle of bushes and second - growth trees and discovered what first appeared to be two faint paths , running in tandem beneath the interlacing branches of the old trees crowding close on either side .
all the wild growth had been cleared from the flagstone decking , the diving boards had been restored , and the graceful limestone balustrade had been uncovered throughout the garden .
the chandacirc ; teau itself was surrounded by at least half a mile of old - growth forest that had been converted to an idyllic , even gardenlike , state , like you sometimes see on centuries - old european properties .
most were dirt , many were forgotten , and almost all of the forgotten ones * wound through deep tangles of second - growth forest owned by diamond match , continental paper company , and american timber .
it 's mostly old growth out there , and you should have no trouble . '
from where he sat mckie could see out across the lava shelf to the rocky palisades and a mossy carpeting of sea growth exposed at the cliff base by the retreating tide .
the haze abruptly cleared as i bounded over a patch of scrub growth .
the last time i 'd found the entrance to the deeps , i 'd been stumbling through the woods , focused on a tracking spell and tripping over roots and hummocks in the old - growth forest .
laurence put a hand on temeraire 's foreleg and looked out over the valley ; it was a view improved over the last summer , with the verdant growth coming up over the undulating hills of the barrow - mounds , and the sheep and cattle lloyd had gathered dotting the green hills as they browsed .
only now was the raw , bloody sunlight beginning to break through the global cloud cover , and what it showed was n't pretty : a scorched earth , carpeted with the charcoal of what had once been a magnificent old - growth forest .
tom was off to the right , running toward where there used to be a deep ravine and a blackberry growth .
it was n't a sweet smell , but there was lightness and dark , decay and new growth .
vegetation growth plummets then rebounds .
closing her eyes , she slammed into the thick stalks of growth .
after an hour , she stumbled more than pushed through the growth .
ben followed , grunting with effort to haul through the dense growth .
it was the thick growth that wrapped around the columns , sprouting white limbs laden with a pulpy red fruit , hanging like japanese lamps .
under its insulating canopy , a profusion of wild growth flourished .
the man ducked under the leafy growth and started down the trail .
the cluster of stone homes surrounded a central plaza and spread in terraced steps up into the jungle itself ; almost all of the homes were half - buried in the growth , shadowed by the high canopy .
in his mind , sam stripped away the jungle growth from the homes and erased the people and animals from the streets .
amid the riotous growth , a fire pit blazed in the center of the courtyard .
again , the only real areas of positive production are in those regions of secondary forest growth , where new young trees are producing abundant oxygen .
they crossed into the dense growth that fringed the tributary .
single file , the group trekked into the thick growth , approaching the glow of many flashlights ahead .
on the far side , a new campsite had been carved out of the neighboring stand of old - growth cypress forest .
more fleet of foot , she reached the cleared section of old - growth forest first .
to either side , saw grass and reeds rustled as his brother glided their canoe through the dense growth .
the surrounding old - growth forest remained a dark , impenetrable wall .
it was a weather system like no other in the gulf , one that allowed for the growth of the rare frankincense tree , a source of great wealth in ancient times .
the forest to either side offered better protection , but the dense growth would slow their progress , make too much noise .
slowly , over time , it had been engineered and converted into a secret facility , carved out underground and burrowed even farther over the years , spreading under the old - growth forest and meadows .
the corridor beyond was nearly round ; the dark growth had filled in the corners until the passage looked like a huge desiccated blood vessel .
he brushed the almost fungal growth off a storage box that was n't broken yet , found the latch .
the familiar led lights still shone under the soft growth , but more illumination came from the swarm of faint blue dots glowing in the air .
she tried to come up with something else that she could say , some other argument that would penetrate the layers of old - growth wood that surrounded the secretary - general 's brain .
he stepped to the wall , festooned with a riotous growth of vegetation , dripping with dampness , soaked in mists .
they rode up against the cliffs , merging with the thick cascade of green growth that draped the walls .
nearby , an avex stalked high - legged into one of the ponds , stirring up a phosphorescent wake in its passage , the glow rising from the thick jellylike growth floating atop the stagnant water .
only this growth softly glowed in a kaleidoscope of colors .
he likely only lived because of the thick , damp growth covering the stone floor .
she squeezed through the cracks between dark structures as much growth as machine , ducked and climbed and once got down on her belly and crawled .
there were no signs of habitation here , the road on a straight trajectory through a forest of pines so giant they could ' ve been first - growth .
he 'd heard it and smelled it from ten miles away , the noise coming from an old - growth redwood forest of four - hundred - foot trees somewhere along the border of what had once been california and oregon .
she got out her file , smoothing one side of a ridge , then painting it with sap to encourage growth in that direction .
here the earth had disgorged huge rock formations and old - growth rain forest had sprouted up around them .
the roiling grey clouds and stiff winds of early spring are dramatic , but early summer is lush and warm and filled with the scent of urgent growth .
summer had not yet dried the lingering dampness from the forest floor , and the air in the sundappled shade was cool and moist , still smelling of new growth and renewal .
part three ? ashaba chapter thirteen the road leading north from mal zeth passed through a fair , fertile plain where new - sprouted grain covered the damp soil like a low , bright green mist and the warm spring air was filled with the urgent scent of growth .
about a half mile farther down the road , they reached the ruins of a long - abandoned city , half buried in the rank jungle growth .
he turned and started back through the slanting , late - afternoon sunlight toward the rank growth along the river bank .
the scents of stirring growth were in the air , and errand , riding easily behind belgarath , could feel aldur 's presence as they pressed deeper into the vale .
the breeze was fresh and warm , and the earth smelled of growth and renewal .
although it was midsummer now , it was never exactly hot , and the air was rich with that smell of urgent growth common to the lands of the north , where summer was short and winter very long .
there was no growth , no life on this wasted heath .
as they rode up out of the valley in the midmorning sunlight , they passed rather quickly out of the tangled jungle growth lining the river and moved into a hardwood forest that was much more to ce'nedra 's liking .
yokci led the way , moving quickly through the heavily wooded area , ducking under moss and low hanging branches , and finally at one point , climbing through a crazy growth of trees whose branches had melded together over the years to create a widely spaced web of wood and leaves .
the order of builders provided the masons and carpenters to repair keeps and towers , the miners to dig tunnels and crush stone for roads and footpaths , the woodsmen to clear away new growth wherever the forest pressed too close to the wall .
on both side of the road , there was a dense growth of conifers - mostly pines and firs , which blocked out most of the sunlight .
there s a patch of american honeysuckle which is the longest growth to 25 feet .
every morning , there s new growth .
i press my right healing hand to my bleeding wound with a t - zap of telemetabolics which concatenates my blood vessels completely as the skin ripples into place like new growth .
i trek back in my black boots , eye burning the clean and not broken window , staring studiously at the slightly sprouting green trees which represents a touch of new growth of green bushes along with the pretty colorful birds flying back and forth chasing bugs .
i studiously stare at the lush healthy landscape consisting of dark hunter green growth of plants , live varied vivid colored vegetation , and pretty rainbow blooming flower pods , instead the patches of yellowish brown dying weeds from my very first visit in my alien time line # 1 .
~ ~ ~ the grove was grey and dark now , twisted grim with vines and stringy tangles of growth that hung in black knots from branches .
athos had even been able to shave a few inches of growth off a clump of grass fifty feet away .
spring has n't quite taken hold yet , so the flowers have n't sprouted , but i can see the telltale sign of new growth .
a bit of light from the stars filters down through green growth overhead , but it is still too dark to see more than vague shapes .
there were six to eight inches of new growth in only a few weeks .
there was nothing off the track but a wall of lush ferns and , lower down in a slight valley , a stand of taller trees that poked above the surrounding growth .
the land is badly burned shadowed in blacks and gray with no life signs but the green grass indicates new growth .
tacked to the faade , the construction of wood dowels and twine was hardly strong enough to support the growth of climbing plants .
if it becomes too high then they will restrict new growth .
catching hold of brush protruding from the embankment , my fingers weaved into the thick growth .
it was peaceful here , with sunlight dappling through the thick growth of trees .
after a quick stretch and an indulgent examination of two neighboring types of ferns , i accelerate into a brisk run through the old - growth forest .
glistening stalagmites and stalactites rose from the floor and hung from the roof in frozen growth , sparkling like an arrangement of very large and unusual diamond chandeliers , or marble statues .
chapter 11 aliah the rain was coming in torrents by the time he reached a large cave buried beneath a thick growth of ivy .
traditionally , sailing ships just open the bottom hatch of the sanitation units and empty the contents into the ocean which , when done in moderation , adds nutrients to the ocean bed , promotes vegetation growth , provides food for fish , and so on .
the only road to follow had fallen into disuse so long ago that the paved stretches that still remained had been heaved and cracked into minutely moving waves by the relentless , ever - present growth of nature .
we hurtled through the dense growth .
it will clear the forest and the ash will fertilise the soil , bringing new growth , which will bring animals to feed .
as we get closer though , the ice gradually stops and is replaced by large , empty fields of green and brown that are wild with untamed growth .
he dismounted , looped his reins around the lower branches of a tree with some growth still beneath it for the horse to munch as it waited , and moved closer .
he had heard insects and birds and the growth around them had been dense .
more importantly , i see the newest ugly growth of purple weeds and black flowers from the radiated pod seeds engulfing the solar equipment and climbing the filters of the ecosphere , itself .
all justin could see were trees , enormous in girth and twisted in the great , looping , fissured arabesques that are the mark of ancient growth .
hundreds of years of growth were choking the entire area in seconds .
as a result , it was far easier to move around on the ground : not enough sunlight got through to encourage really wild growth around the bases of the trees .
rising up from densely packed woodland with its own thick growth of trees , it was like the swelling of a horseflys bite on a mares hide .
the building was a multi - story low - rise , with old - growth trees to one inside that cast long shadows against it .
their form of growth was such that they formed great hexagonal fields , surrounded by the impenetrable thorn hedges which rose from the main branches .
beyond the rusting mesh fence that enclosed it , there was rampant growth a lushly green headland , backed by a three - metre high wall of cane .
it was a delight to the eye to see how he had used the sunny and shady spots , even making a small pond for any water - loving growth .
old - growth trees extended their branches like a protective deity over the wooden roof , leaves waving welcome in the gentle breezes , and poncey imagined himself living ruggedly independent on the old frontier .
his temples and usual growth of whiskers were peppered with gray , his hair a mess of short curls under a dilapidated hat .
in the pine woods there was not much undergrowth and hardly any growth on the old road bed .
the place where the home would be was mainly just a couple of new growth samplings and millie sprayed them .
all the growth on the home site had been removed and several trees were down and being cut up .
shutting the engine off , i got out and looked at the huge water oaks and old growth fir trees standing thick on the hill .
chapter fifteen chamberlain guided us through tall , old growth spruce trees , thick with animals and birds , to the edge of a steep , black rock precipice .
chapter three it was rough going from therethe road leading up to the house was no more than a swath cut through the trees , buried beneath years of fallen branches , new tree growth , mud , and ice .
the entire site was completely overgrown in secondary growth .
at about three thousand feet the mountains rose another two thousand feet above them , but were clear of boulders , mainly containing small shrub growth , cacti and sagebrush .
sometimes when i listen to music , or at the fall of an evening in spring , when the very air seems green and the mingled fragrances of growth and blooming steal into my window , i experience again a little of that ecstatic certainty .
it was deserted and quiet , surrounded by forestry and hedge growth .
he looked around at the shoulder - high growth of corn on one side of the road , and the field of waist - high weeds on the other .
but we have a pretty odd mix of growth here .
this landing was a good deal wider than what he d expected , very much like the meadow , only without grasses and smaller growth .
i did not expect to find such lush green growth .
even with my precise sharp perception , i was not always able to notice a soldier against the thick growth of the island right away .
i want the pieces of my zandith crockmior placed under heavy wilderness growth so no one will see it .
the heavy forest of growth created a domed hallway over our path .
i drove away silently allowing the jungle to hide me behind the increasing distance of growth .
after about three hundred yards they approached the untouched mass of older - growth forest .
underfoot the new growth was starting to show green , the ferns , the new grass .
spring is turning to summer here and the growth in the church grounds is as prolific as you might expect .
wolf leopard crawled into the under growth , the sound was now much closer .
the dutch government keeps a tight regulation over old growth forest , which stands in odd patches all over the country .
split a single large plank from the heartwood of an old - growth cedar tree .
old growth forest !
there he looked for the growth of the moss on the side of the tree , or which way the top branches leaned from their constant bending with the prevailing wind .
in fact , there seems to be more growth of the bushes and even palm trees out here than back east , must be the nicer weather .
it must be hours later when we finally reach what looks like a road of some sort though its hard to tell with all the growth underneath us but at least we do nt feel like were going to sink ten feet in the ground , though it would probably be quite a bit warmer and drier .
the scissors and clippers i d been using to stem the tide of new growth were nt really making it .
it was old and crumbling , with a spectacular growth of weeds sprouting from the parapet .
like an army ranger , joshua scooted silently across the ground on his belly until he entered the thick growth .
when the cat disappeared into the shadows beneath the patch of growth , elijah detected something of substantial size shifting through the foliage .
the rustling faded as the blurry shapes wove in and out of the tangled growth and disappeared .
re - entering woods , crossing over gullies , up the knoll past the emily tree and along a deer path , over some bare stony ground and back onto a trail through heavier green growth , they finally arrived at the road .
the sky gradually darkened as they made their way along the path , up and down hills , through thick patches of green growth , and sparsely vegetated bare sections of ground , across small trickling streams and up the sides of steep ravines .
the pairs diverged in their appointed directions , and elijah stood alone , watching the beams break up through trees and thick growth as the searchers went deeper into the woods .
but the rapid re - growth of rain forest areas meant relocation and recovery was not as easy as he expected .
beneath the thick growth of branches at their high tops , clusters of green coconuts nestled in close to the trunk .
now dejected and rejected by the fresh growth above it , they were curled , dried , torn and twisted as they still hung precariously to the main stem .
a single cream coloured village dog sniffed for food scraps around the larger rocks that stood higher than the secondary growth .
the air was still laden with oil , but i got powerful woody flavors too , the thickening mulch of old growth .
halfway down the growth thickened , giving good cover .
thick vines cascaded down on all sides , helping to disguise the rust and graying wood and hand - built solar panels attached up higher on the trestle , high above the palms and forest growth , there where the sun always shined on the valley .
the lower rung of the fence is just beginning to disappear beneath the first growth spurt of the season , with knee length clumps of nettle and dock running along the borders .
they would be sitting on fallen logs or leaning on trees or squatting on the floor , looking out past the last of the growth into the bright daylight , always ready to move left or right to change their angle , always ready to range outward to meet a threat .
none of the rampant growth around the doors or the windows had been disturbed .
dust in the carpet , worn furniture , fear , tension , damp night air blowing in from the open door downstairs and the busted window upstairs and carrying with it the odor of rich earth and fertilizer and budding new growth .
and now , once again , he was setting out to bring the dreadful growth down .
we stopped just before the trees petered out into lower growth .
and there was a patch or two of weeds in one corner , and now that he 'd noticed neely looked even closer and saw untrimmed growth along the edge of the track .
when they finished , one of the women stood up and vanished among the growth , heading back toward the road above the gully .
the group stayed together , hunched down in the thick growth , tall trees rising and arching toward an imaginary ceiling overhead .
its security fence surrounded one hundred and twenty - five acres sheltered by a thick growth of oak , hickory , aspen , poplar , and ash .
mcauliff hurled himself into the air , into the sudden growth of dense foliage that bordered the lawn .
strange , contradictory forests that were filled with the wet verdancy of tropic growth and the cold massiveness of sky - reaching black and green associated with northern climates .
the green vines dangling from the tall macca - fat palms glistened with the moisture rising from below ; fern and moss and matted cabbage growth bordered the slowly flowing currents of the martha brae offshoot .
alex rolled silently off the path into the mass of wet earth and soft growth , the rifle under him cutting into his thighs .
as he slopped through the mud and the growth and over fallen trunks , he realized his magazine clip was empty without stopping he reached into his pocket and pulled out a fresh clip , snapping the old one out of its slot and slamming the new one in .
now he pulled off the road , nosing the car into a particularly exuberant growth of bayberries and marsh willows .
after pocketing the man 's m9 and his motorola ` ` handy - talky , '' he lifted him like a heavy rucksack and left him hidden amid a thick growth of cordgrass .
the air was filled with the resinous scent of an old - growth pine forest , a scent that recalled nothing so much as the disinfectants and air fresheners that so insistently aped it .
the strip itself was admirably hidden by the dense growth of trees surrounding it .
with a final burst of speed , he threw himself into the growth of trees .
then he smiled soberly to himself : there on the beach lay the dinghy and rubber raft , pulled close up to the thick growth .
he circled back through the dense green growth until he found what appeared to be a secluded door near the building 's front .
they did not pause to rest but crawled on past the dead body of one of the terrorists randi had killed , and then the second one , until finally they reached a growth of date palms well past where abu auda had set his trap .
still others seem almost abandoned , and peer hauntingly through dense growth of unpruned trees and wild shrubbery .
there are lively little pockets of organized growth , small beds of assorted flowers that she or someone obviously spends time with .
in the middle of this unruly growth are four tall pine trees .
the trees were second - growth native broadleafs , growing wild , basically weeds , and their branches came out of them at crazy low angles .
reacher scrambled down the far side of the rock and waded into the thorny growth .
its odor , richly compacted of butter , yeast , earth , growth , and decay , will intensify as the sun ascends and the light grows stronger .
it , too , may be partially hidden by new growth .
below them , but screened off by a heavy growth of bushes , was route 22 .
during the night , shelby had cut down my bushes , a huge beautiful growth of three forsythias that had been happily expanding and blooming for twenty years , i estimated .
tucker grabbed bukolov by the elbow and pointed from the collection kit over the man 's shoulder to the field of growth .
three they spent the first two hours climbing out of the canyon on a trail that switchbacked through a forest of old - growth engelmann spruce .
he wandered away from them up the hillside through the old - growth forest .
all around us were worn buildings and sparse fields of city growth .
i could n't picture it - the same lumbering woman who 'd held the gun to bubba 's head last night , thumbed back the hammer on her .38 , had a gift for delicacy , for softness , for drawing growth from dirt and producing soft petals and fragile beauty .
adrenaline and despair sent her flying over the debris - strewn ground , through the thick growth of trees that was illuminated with unearthly orange light from the fire that seethed where the old barn had stood not a minute ago .
small shrubs and trees pushed their way to the surface as she sang softly , coaxing growth .
he watched as she shifted left , then right , moving up the slope , touching a badly damaged tree , enticing new growth , expunging the hideous results the undead had left behind in the soil .
the words spoke of rebirth , of green growth , and glittering , silvery rain .
growth around it had been encouraged , presumably with an eye to hiding it , but there had n't been enough time for the forest to reclaim lost terrain .
the thick growth of tangled vines and trees put the date nearly twenty years earlier , but clearly there had been more modern houses here .
no matter how the forest changed , no matter how much new growth had emerged , she knew the way unerringly .
the tangle of lianas grew thicker as the jaguar padded silently through the growth , over fallen logs and through umbrella - like leaves dripping with water .
dominic had even remembered to stimulate the forest growth before he 'd allowed himself to look upon his lifemate .
he looked around him at the growth of the jungle , and instead of seeing a welcoming home , he saw the same shadows moving - reaching - trying to grasp him with greedy claws .
trees and vegetation snaked across the rocky ground , a dark tangle of growth determined to reclaim what had been taken .
she 'd always loved the way the natural growth continued to creep back to reclaim what had been taken .
the rain forest had a way of continually creeping back to reclaim its own territory and already , in spite of the ranch workers fighting to hold back the growth , creeper vines snaked their way along the ground to sneak beneath the fences and take root in the fields .
there was no road to mad dog creek , only a trail that was constantly blocked by new growth and deadfall .
the thick , almost jungle - like growth crawled slowly past my windows .
this was the man who killed his employees in his office and got away with it , the man who owned half the city , the man who thumbed his nose at the law , living above it in his fortress in the middle of an old - growth , planned - out forest .
intricate swirls and geometric - looking symbols rendered in ink just a few shades darker than his skin came up the back of his neck and around the side , disappearing beneath the thick growth of his dark hair .
it was still slightly uneven , although some gardener had planted it over with new ivy growth .
with a bit of apprehension , she began the trudge upward , using the tight growth of pines and beech to help her over the roughest of the terrain .
dylan considered the face that was all but concealed by a growth of overlong , unkempt hair .
they tripped and staggered across it until they reached heavier growth , whereupon the sergeant got hold of both of them and pushed them into the bushes .
it was muted , muffled by the wet growth that surrounded me , but it was definitely my name .
it accented his trim form , making me believe he actually got out and rode his race - winning horses more than once every new moon when he played the huntsman in his fenced - in , old - growth planned forest .
the two - lane road wound and twisted its way through a sprawling , planned old - growth forest .
and then a glimpse of a green and humid place , a place of soft earth and stifling growth .
there was no sidewalk edging old wood road , of course , but at that point there was a heavy growth of rhododendron and other bushes .
the opportunistic underbrush shot up for its spot in the sun - an explosion of growth on the floor that was backbreaking to slog through .
his dark hair held highlights from the sun , and his face had at least three days ' growth of whiskers around his goatee .
a great scummy growth covered much of the surface , but here and there the water reflected the light of the sky like brilliant silvery glass .
the edge of the cliff was thick with stubborn growth : yucca , small live oaks , firs , cactus , a huge variety of grasses ... interspersed with rocks ranging in size from babies ' fists to giants ' feet .
there was old - growth grass . ''
a good rain , a couple weeks of new growth , and no one would have any clue as to what transpired here .
deep lines grooved into his face , purple circles ringed his closed eyes , and a thick growth of black stubble covered his face , as though he had n't shaved in a week .
i crouched behind the growth .
naeemah climbed up the side wall and jumped onto the balcony , disappearing behind the plant growth .
trees rose on both sides of us , not wild growth but carefully cultivated greenery , cut back to please the eye .
at first the homeowners ' association cut the new growth down , and then they burned it , but the woods kept advancing , stretching to the sky practically overnight , until they swallowed the subpision and sibley became a true forest .
the kind with only one street for its downtown , maybe four buildings long on each side , each two stories high , and a gravel road at the end leading through the thick tree growth .
the road had stopped abruptly at the end of what appeared to be a solid wall of old growth pine forest .
there was dense tree growth running along both sides as far as i could see .
it did n't have much in common with the elegant lodge of my upbringing , but the cabin , edged by rolling green on all sides , surrounded by a forest of old growth , felt good .
other than the growth of mildew and moss , there was nothing to indicate their age , for all stood whole and straight without cracks or breaks or the shifting that came with the movement of earth over time .
he was missing his hat , and his hair dripped dark and stringy in a face shadowed by a day 's growth of beard .
the steam heat fostered algae and fungal growth that glowed in his lamplight .
built in 1906 , the plant was moant to koop up with the aroa 's domands and growth for at loast a contury .
it 's an island with vory little growth on it , rocky , shaped liko a trofoil , which is liko a sorios of throo ovorlapping rings .
we only know that the probe sent before us labeled centauri - earth as ` ` habitable '' -oxygen - based atmosphere , a significant amount of freshwater , and soil samples suitable for plant growth .
bushes rattled as it disappeared into the growth .
it bore his heraldry - antlers sprouting leaves to signify new growth - and beside it , as madrigal and chiro watched , another gonfalon unfurled .
somehow it 's kind of nice , and it makes me think of woods and endless cycles of growth and death and regrowth - like what we 're really hearing is the house folding down around us , centimeter by centimeter .
the moments of exposure - of dashing from cover to cover - grow longer as the trees begin to thin out , and the whole time we 're getting closer and closer to the line where the fringe of grass and growth disappears altogether and we will have to move out in the open , completely vulnerable .
a minute later he lets out a quick , excited yelp , and a second after that a broad beam of light cuts upward , illuminating the densely packed trees and growth all around us .
just a few more feet and i 'll be sucked into the wilds ; i 'll be beyond its impenetrable shield of interlocking trees and growth and shade .
an animal , coming to investigate , scurries quickly back into the tangle of growth .
that settlement , like this one , was situated in a large clearing , a place once inhabited , an area the trees and growth had not yet reclaimed .
she gestures to another enormous area of low growth , roughly the shape of a rectangle .
we saw footage of pilots waving from their cockpits as bombs dropped on a distant carpet of green , trees so small they looked like toys , narrow plumes of smoke rising , featherlike , from the growth .
she taught me , too , to look for the inconsistencies - an area of sudden growth might mean water .
the ground is hard and webbed with ice , although here , too , there is evidence of spring growth : small , curled buds of green , a few early flowers scattered among the dirt .
the wind is cold but carries with it the smell of thawing earth and new growth : a spring smell .
lena morgan jones is dead , like raven said , and now there will be a new lena , just like every spring the trees bring forth new growth on top of the old , on top of the dead and the rot .
at night , the wilds belong to the animals , and it 's easy to get turned around , lost among the growth , the slalom of trees .
his shirt smells like smoke from the fire , like mulch and spring growth .
i move toward the open door and step out onto the porch , inhaling clean , outside smells , scents of space and growth .
but we will win this war ... ... '' cut back to : the puzzle - piece vision of green and gray , smoke and growth , and tiny , forked tongues of fire .
and then another image : more growth , a narrow river winding between the pine trees and willows .
we shoulder through a thick tangle of dead growth and emerge onto a gentle slope of stony land , through which a shallow stream is pushing resolutely .
i plunge into the tangle of growth to my right , pushing toward the sound , swiping with my flashlight to help clear the interlaced path of creepers and pine branches .
from behind : pushing through a blur of green growth , reaching up to swat away a low - hanging branch .
as we draw closer to portland , as the light and land grow more familiar - lush with growth and smells i know from childhood , from my longest , oldest memories - i begin to make my plans .
the growth has been rigorously trimmed back , and a long , well - tended alley of green extends a quarter of a mile into the distance .
the air smells like spring , like wet earth and new growth .
it makes sense that she likes to weed , to uproot the nasty , creeping growth that blemishes her perfect garden .
i can barely manage to haul myself up onto the ledge , scooting forward with my face in the dirt , inhaling the smell of growth , still fighting the urge to scream , or sob .
the men from last night were unloading boxes , taking them into a door in the side of the house , hidden under vines and green growth , blending into the surroundings .
thomas could see several clumsily prepared wooden crosses poking through this growth , their horizontal pieces lashed to the upright ones with a splintery twine .
thomas walked a few feet along the wall until he found a thick growth of ivy covering most of the stone .
we then move on to a growth of cattails , and the girls take both the brown - capped stalks and the roots of the plant .
and the island end with its thick growth of bushes makes a good privacy screen .
she was thinking her way into the deepness of the woods , the soft spaces of growth and shadow .
the towering , old - growth trees were blackened and battered , and a stinky gray haze hung over the treetops .
she turned to marion who was huddled behind a fallen tree in which the growth covering it created a wall of defense .
joseph hit a solid three seconds hang time in the air , flying backwards into the growth of timbers .
wherever it came from , magic had countless variations : abilities to heal , to shape - shift , to summon flame or water or storm , to encourage the growth of crops and plants , to glimpse the future , and on and on .
although there are farms in abundance that connor had passed , thriving and green in the july sun , the town center has no trees , no green growth except for weeds between pavement cracks .
i was standing , the last evening i was with out , half hidden in the hedge growth by the orchard gate , watching the dying glow of the sunset .
i turned away from the party and headed toward the thick growth of trees at the edge of the field .
leaving behind the misty rays of the afternoon sun , rachel and dorsio guided the boat under the shadow of tall trees bulging with fungal growths .
thrashing through unbroken snow , she attacked that densely packed hemlock , breaking branches , sending a shower of green growth to the snow .
the wiry growth was so thick , she thought they might be invisible - if they stayed absolutely still .
evenly spaced and farther apart , with tangled , soft , relatively new growth for underbrush .
each mutated cane was tinged the florid red of new growth ; it looked eerily as if blood ran through them .
the ultimate result of this furious growth was apparent in the blackened knots of branches above .
the fresh growth spread across his cheek , exploding into beautiful white flowers with yellow stamen , and purple daisies with deep black centers , and small , pink bleeding hearts that bobbed as he stumbled back again .
kicking and pounding down with his foot , he pushed his way through the thick , clinging growth , leading the alterant and moving ever closer toward the exact latitude and longitude of the blade location .
we zigzagged between the trees and scrub growth , occasionally becoming airborne as the horse leaped across ravines and deep gouges in the ground where tributaries of the little pigeon river ran .
looking at the world through the fir tree meant seeing only the essential things : the vivid green of the grass , dew glistening on petals , a robin flicking its tail , a squirrel rustling through the rhododendron , a miracle of life and growth that forever pulsed under the ordinariness .
at the same time , the music surged in volume , as though it had previously been muffled by the mess of wild growth .
soon they entered a place of heavy growth , where vines climbed thickly up the gnarled trees that surrounded them , and formed a canopy overhead .
in places even the river was blocked from view , obscured by luscious growth , all of it in colors liza had not seen before in any garden - black and dark purple and silver .
the light of the lumer - lumpen pulsed among the thick growth .
occasionally she heard rustling , and the sound of tiny feet scrabbling through the growth on both sides of them ; she tried very hard not to imagine what kind of creatures lived in this huge , black forest underground .
it was too early for any news on the radio they had stashed with the supplies ; the heavy tropical growth down the sides of the mountain was so thick that no one passing by would even notice the bus had crashed , unless the explosion had left a pile of debris next to the highway .
already , the banks of the old canal had begun to green with new growth .
the heavy growth along both sides of the road looked almost impenetrable .
he was fifty feet into the thick growth , moving down the same narrow game trail when he heard a car approaching on the road above .
manny could hear tainer and bat struggling through the thick growth , they had nt found the game trail in their over confidence .
below us not a living thing could be discerned ; only new scrubby growth seemed in abundance taking hold wherever the opportunity presented itself .
the floor had been simply hard packed dirt ; the grasses and other vegetation had encroached into the cabin wherever enough light and water would allow their growth .
shouts emanated from the brushy growth along the road .
the sun , its golden - yellow rays fell upon the new , green growth .
it seemed the land was trying to make up for decades of lost growth in just a few days .
the boy , who called himself fair , ran out of the burys entrance and into a small courtyard concealed under a canopy of growth that hid it as well as the scores of shells of what once had been the central campus of the laboratory .
from what he knows , that area is nothing but impenetrable growth and disease .
because of the overhanging branches and the brush - edged banks , the water of the stream is mottled with the greens and browns of growth and blues , greens and blacks of growths shadows .
because of the overhanging branches and the brush - edged banks , the water of the stream is mottled with the greens and browns of growth and blues , greens and blacks of growths shadows .
looking back as they entered the thick growth , balthusa beheld the wall dotted with black heads as the savages peered over .
it was an old trail , partly grown with new young growth , and this growth had recently been broken down .
gephart was helped up the path , then sent forward through a growth of grass , bracken , and shrubs for sentry duty on a small knoll .
rica backed up and tripped over a root sticking out of the flow way growth , falling hard onto to her bottom .
the trees were tall and thick with heavy growth far below the canopy .
* * * seika led the others down through a heavy growth of trees tangled with thick underbrush .
i have never seen dead growth in this valley in my lifetime . ''
it was a different huddle than they had known , everyone , for the first time in days was relaxed as chimol leaned back casually , his head propped up on his arms as he lay in the low grasses still fresh of new growth .
they started out with a clear goal in mind , due east to the edge of the sirris , then north until they came to the fringe of the barrier forest , the large growth of woods which served as protector and boundary of the upper valley of the chrystum .
but before the mezzanine entrance was sealed over by growth , probably two or three decades of water and mud ran down the overgrowth and surpassed the advanced drainage system built into the overhangs and the stepped - sides of the massive man - made mountain .
the strange roads had been covered over by centuries of growth .
this place was destroyed by deforestation and the soil was still good for growth .
finding a path in the under growth where briars tugged at their clothing with every step was difficult .
a finger twitched , and grass ran across the black soil , sprouting to full growth in moments .
swarms of heavy equipment were driving the lush tropical growth back while workers filled the open space with attractive , craftsman - style homes .
he heard a loud bang , then another , as he tore forward , with his hands flailing , through the native growth .
along country club road , most of the vacant property was covered with native prairie growth until they passed the club parking lot , where a row of cottages began .
with weapons drawn , several agents approached through the growth , announcing us border patrol in english and spanish .
the walls were hewn from the bedrock , and were covered in mossy growth .
it is a material made out of three inches of soft carbon nanofoam , which can be painted for habitation , or can act as a giant vegetable garden allowing plant growth on it .
all plant growth needs only minimum gravity and does nt lose nearly as much nutrition or strength in lower gravity situations , as does animal life .
they followed the trail through the close bush for a while until it gave way to a stand of old growth western red cedars , sitka spruce and hemlock trees .
we started to him , but our way was blocked by a massive growth of wisteria .
the deer were moving through thick growth , but they were still moving very fast .
there was a growth of briars in the gully , but it was not too thick .
its lush grasses were surrounded by bushes sagging under the weight of spring growth , the branch tips dragging like kite tails whenever the wind blew .
from a distance , anyone seeing his furs move through the growth could easily mistake him for one of the fearless great bears that prowled the grasslands .
it was too early for fresh vegetables , but huge mounds of tender , new - growth greens glittered further enticement .
the chokecherry bark was from a special growth , one tended by the women of her family for generations .
while winter held the land dormant , she trimmed excess growth , keeping the plants to a manageable size and open to full sun and breeze for summer .
with spring , just before new growth swelled in buds and twigs , she dug a trench around one tree , a different one each year .
the conical tops were almost totally hidden by overlapping growth .
a lush alder thicket , a spring - green mass of new growth moments earlier , was ripped bare , back to winters stark tracery .
up front , forcing a passage through particularly thick mixed growth , falconer gave a surprised grunt and stopped .
the understory of the forest changed from the usual low - altitude mixture of plants and bushes to a dense growth of mountain laurel .
a vineyard stretched over a distant hill , its springtime vines verdant with new growth in the late morning sun .
deep in that interior valley , known as the ton tache , or tules for its many lakes and marshes lined with cattails , a tall , wide - chested , solidly built man , his torso bare , a loincloth covering his hips , his legs in leather leggins over calf - high moccasins , knelt in a heavy growth of willows .
with a deafening roar it began to rend at the thick growth restraining them and within moments they were free .
jacky sat down by a tree , leaning into the dense growth at its foot .
the riverbed was surprisingly free from debris and natural growth , which made the thing looming ahead of them that much more visible .
the river helped keep him from losing his way , especially since all the beginning springtime growth had come into full , lush vegetation , completely changing the feel of the land he journeyed on so few weeks ago .
the horses unease made the two humans more aware of their surroundings , but the thick growth of forest made it nearly impossible to see more than a hundred or so feet at the most .
scenery looked real enough , yet there was no moisture to be found in the ground , no difference in foliage colour and no new growth visible either .
72 hectares 2nd growth forest 78,000.00 156,000.00 total p258,000.00 p616,000.00 ( p. 145 , roa , vol .
the bamboo and banana lands , however , can not properly be considered as such because the land upon which they grow is not planted principally for such growth .
pio tadina reported that 60 hectares are riceland , 80 hectares pasture land 120 hectares with fruit trees and 78 hectares second growth forest ( p. 146 , roa , vol .
pineapple , citrus , avocado , rambutan , lanzones , the 78 second growth forest if only planted to ` ` alnos mirando '' a japanese kind of forest tree will also increase the volume of spring water for irrigation purposes ...
the second growth forest land has been evaluated higher than the pasture and fruit tree lands because forest lands do not only conserve soil erosion and soil fertility but also provide organic matter for the irrigated riceland .
eagle took his time getting across the sparse cover area , but once into the heavier growth , he hurried , then stopped and listened .
around the next small growth of hickory brush , he could see the horse , but not the man .
these trees , i found out later were blue gum that were not native here , but planted for their fast growth and use for firewood .
after that it was mainly hacking their way through thick forest growth .
the lush growth maintained an appearance of natural sanctity , yet in the midst of this green he saw remnants of abandoned campfires with piles of beer cans and broken wine bottles scattered on the ruined brick floor .
however , in the still untouched hedges where much of the wildlife still lived , masses of green richness were heavily overgrown and bent under many years of untrimmed growth of wild honeysuckle .
ahead , more dead grass extended to the riverbank where there was a small drop leading down less than a foot to the normal high tide or high water mark.the shore was ringed with bits of driftwood , dried seaweed , rotting fish and dead crabs among growths of still living high grass.the tide was low so several more feet of the bank were exposed .
all of the wood below the tide line was covered with the green and brown growths of the thousands of water creatures infesting the hulk .
there was nothing but slippery seaweed growth to climb on .
it was too early for her efforts to produce any substantial results ( the low temperatures ensured that any growth remained minimal to non - existent ) but she was determined to do as much as practically possible to get an early start on the growing season .
the wetness and the constant mist encouraged this growth .
to the left and right of the track is a thick growth of shrubs and weed that blocks your view .
the entrance to the cavern was surprisingly free of sea growth , the current must be strong enough to prevent sea growth from choking off the chamber .
the entrance to the cavern was surprisingly free of sea growth , the current must be strong enough to prevent sea growth from choking off the chamber .
it was not a deep pool and she was able to clamber out of the hole and sneak across into the heavy growth of palms behind it .
< < > > moving cautiously through the tropical growth on the spine of the island , katharine headed toward the blaring music .
the vegetation overhanging the road was still relatively new growth , which the ratel and the trucks swept aside with ease .
the area was mostly flat , sugar cane fields being taken over by natural growth .
there were small clearings here and there where avalanches or rock slides had cleared out some of the forest 's old growth .
october rolled into november and with it , spring growth and the busiest farm season .
fresh shoots pushed through the tangle of old growth that had protected the seed from the harshness of winter .
with some reasonable growth of greens and fruits they would not starve .
they have the whole plain on which to roam , as the grass here is the same as elsewhere , perhaps even better in other places , because the fire burned off old growth and allowed fresh new grass to grow .
we have just a few of those left , emma grumbled , and the new growth has no flavour yet .
tanya asked , indicating another clump of fresh growth .
the two women then plucked the obvious grasses away from the new growth , working silently on their knees over their little patch of land .
by keeping to a fairly set route , the group would feed on the same pastures to be assured of a fresh new growth of tender grass to chew upon .
gill and ela soon settled into the soft growth .
in their view , a woman took care of her family and derived pride and pleasure from it , but they had also tended this small piece of ground , plucking weeds and grasses from among the cultured growth .
its great bulk was hindered by the thick growth of trees and brush through which they ran .
the river was edged with a dark green belt of fresh growth , bushes and trees fighting for a spot near the river bank .
they alone pressed through the dense marsh growth , making new pathways through the greenery .
the garden was becoming a lush profusion of growth .
that was not expected to be a particularly demanding task , as most of the spring growth was in the bottomlands along the river , and the cattle were not likely to shift far away from it .
to one side of the stream where it emerged into the canyon , the limestone was undercut into a shallow cave , screened by a fresh growth of fire weed .
the small mesa , not more than an acre , left in the loop , was in turn gashed by an arroyo , and that was masked in a growth of mulberry and cottonwood .
they were preparing arrow shafts , selecting the best shoots from the vigorous spring growth , and treating them so that they d dry straight and true .
in time they came to streams flowing down into the arkansas river , their banks lush with spring growth , but on the plains above the canyon rims , the grassland grew steadily poorer and more sparse as they moved nearer and nearer to the mountains .
sandy and dry , and what growth there was has nt recovered yet from the prairie fires last fall .
what little fresh growth there had been , since the prairie fires of the previous season , was sparse and widely spaced .
for the last couple of miles they had been riding through a lush growth of early summer grass , the best they had seen in many a long day .
small mobs of cattle were bedded down wherever there were trees or a growth of scrub to shelter them from the wind .
the next movement came , a stirring in the low growth across the river .
a fierce sun beat down on us , taking turns with fierce thunderstorms that battered the parched land into renewed growth .
he could feel it resonating inside the cells of his body , enlivening and stimulating him from his toes to his scalp and he could smell it in the pungency of the soil , in the cycle of rot , decay and re - growth .
the chemical mixture was simple and it took three months before new growth appeared .
their clothes were ragged and torn and their faces where covered with months old growth .
the food we brought is dwindling and there are no signs of growth in the soil the journal writings become less and less coherent .
much like atikala , it was embedded in a naturally occurring cave , a sprawling metropolis that was interwoven into the subterranean land as intimately as any natural growth .
the plant growth here was of a gargantuan scale , not just trees but vines as thick as telephone poles .
we entered a patch of old growth conifers , hemlocks , i think .
she hopped over to the holly bush on one clog and parted the thick growth of waxy leaves , staring down deep into the maze of twisted , chaotic branches and perfectly round berries .
chapter five the old - growth fir and cedar forest edges up against the ocean under a dark sky .
hard - packed dirt gave way to soft leaves and the smells of smoke and cooking gave way to the smells of rain and growth .
the scales reflect the light from the orbs , their bright - green color reminding him of the new growth of grass in spring .
it was nothing but dirt and rock surrounded by growth .
a carpet of verdant growth clothed the mountains while crystal blue rivers cascaded from the peaks to the valleys in innumerable waterfalls .
it was n't something instilled in him , only the sudden awareness of something very profoundly absent , something that had been gone for so long a time that the gaping hole it had left behind had been filled with all manner of garbage and fungal growth .
the various lengths of new growth fought to hold him back .
she watched macconnach now , as he marched on ahead through the dense growth , and felt once again the impulse to knock the man off his feet .
where dwindling tracts of old - growth timber stood , the humans saw them as a source of wood .
the land it was once located on looked as though it were wild growth , old wild growth at that .
the land it was once located on looked as though it were wild growth , old wild growth at that .
it was nt an old growth .
the growth was thick , making it easier to climb back up .
this garden area here is all cleared , but the berry bushes in back are thick with over growth and there are plenty of places for us to hide .
tasha did nt answer , but made her way around the large , tilled field that , come spring , would be green with new growth .
though autumn had already begun to shroud the earth with an infusion of yellow and brown , there was still much lush green growth as well .
david 's destination however , would take him well past these to the center of the valley , which had little growth with the exception of a clump of bushes here and there .
large frames of lattice adorned the entryway though much of their wood was hidden , being covered with a thick lush growth of a fine leafed vine .
as david turned about and faced the west side where he had entered he saw large arbors of white - washed lattice wood covered with a lush growth of grape vines hanging down , having been carefully tied to the overhead archways .
a fallen tree here and there , as well as new growth trying to make space for itself was a big part of the forests that made up my world .
maran sang of the beauty of growth , of trees covered with flowers and fruit , and of forgiveness and peace , beautiful peace .
korsten hastily worked a lantern spell and peered through the overlong growth toward the earth .
the sparse devastation around the volcano , the vastness of the grey ocean , and the greenness of the primeval , old growth forests had a mollifying effect on all four of them .
* * * they continued on , following the winding trail of strange growth , but soon they came close to a small forest , which , although seemingly new in life , had grown vast and thick , with curling branches , twisting and winding their way upwards in a brave protest toward the lifeless sky .
it leaned forward and they dangled over the side as it ripped from the growth .
she gazed around at the new growth and sighed .
further inland was a mixed old growth forest of oak , birch , and maple that covered the islands interior and formed a nearly sheer barrier that checked the barren periphery of rocky sand .
various visitors had kept the three acres around the ruins fairly clear of new growth over the years .
thick lichen made the bridge stones green with its growth .
harvesters of firewood had never touched that old growth forest .
they stopped for an hour , resting by the roadside at a place where the trees retreated from the edge of the road , leaving a grassy bank where the spring flowers were just beginning to put on growth prior to flowering .
there was a smell of growth and renewal in the air .
bayes smile deepened as the source of the sound burst out of the vibrant spring growth that engulfed the forest around them .
its roots trailed down beneath its trunk , anchoring the ancient growth .
the green growth faded .
valtteri , moved to the brush , took out his hand axe and hacked at the tangle of growth to make himself a small nest inside .
the newer , lower growth had thorns like any other climbing rose , but there were vines deep in the tangle that held thorns the size of small daggers .
the rolling green hills of the calderon valley came into sight , already defying the winter with new growth .
atop it , the figure of togu was insignificant , a gloomy little growth staring distantly over a vast ocean .
i had to stop and look , and then i saw a lumbering small shape scoot across the driveway and into the thicket between ours and the next vacant cabin , barely visible through the thick growth of trees and brush .
i could hear him , snorting and pushing through the growth .
the loose shale and rock at once gave way , the little scrubby growth of green saplings and grass inadequate to stabilize the ground beneath his weight ; ` ` get your wings in ! ''
this particular valley had remarkably steep walls , and the lattice of tiny streams that ran through it provided enough water to ensure a growth of luxuriant grass - which had not yet flushed into the lush , verdant sea of green it would become within a few more weeks .
the path at the bottom of the ravine divided several times , and finally ascended into an old - growth wood , completely enclosed by a canopy of fresh spring leaves .
evidently though it preferred to hunt from ambush , the creature was not unwilling to confront solitary prey ; it crept one leg and then another out of the shrub - growth and came towards him at a slow deliberate pace : forelegs with long , many - jointed talons , scaled in dark shades of brown and green , with heavy sloping shoulders .
in hiccoughed bursts as he scrambled up the one narrow rocky slope barren of growth , with the sleek bodies flowing almost leisurely in pursuit .
they thought the island was perhaps a mile wide at the extreme , mostly brush and scrub on the western side where the french had landed them , and a jungle - like growth over most of the eastern half ; there were a great many little coves and inlets which they had not had time to investigate thoroughly .
she had certainly been a pirate : when they had cut away the growth and let some light into the hold , laurence made his way ankle - deep in water and the remnants of assorted plunder : great gobs of whale oil floating around old barrels , burst chests of silk taken from some hapless east indiaman .
ten apparently endless yards later , they emerged from the thicket into a comparatively heavy growth of evergreens , and kitai prowled slowly forward in the relatively open , pine - needle - covered spaces beneath the trees , until she came to a halt and beckoned to tavi .
female trolls do n't have hair , although the more fortunate ones are able to cultivate a fine growth of lichen , and a female dwarf is more likely to be complimented on the silkiness of her beard than on her scalp .
you might miss it completely if you did n't spot the rampant growth of lilac and the gooseberry bushes , now a forest of thorns .
he tended it as one tends a topiary bush , encouraging a growth here , pruning an errant twig there .
he led me down a trail that someone would have a hard time sticking to if they were unfamiliar with it , and when i was sure the endless trees and stretch of trail would never run out , we emerged through the thick layer of growth .
but it was surely a wild growth , uncultivated : no person in their senses would ever deliberately eat the thing , and so far it was not to be found , for any price .
the lower slopes were thickly forested , a jewel - green tangle of tropical growth reaching some halfway up the walls , where abruptly the vegetation ended and the cliff faces rose sheer and smooth to the plain above , gleaming like polished marble and pockmarked only by the gaping holes of caverns .
again , the earth around him sighed fresh green growth .
green swallowed the walls , lapping up from the earth beneath in a tangled , living tide , a wave of growth .
more ivy wound everywhere , along with every other form of wild growth one could imagine .
a murmur from tavi , and a low , constant effort of will made the trees bend back their limbs , and the new growth of briar and brush allow them to pass without sound or inconvenience .
covering the trees was some kind of growth that gave off the faint , menacing luminescence .
as the gargant drew closer to the edge of the precipice , tavi could see that the growth had runnels and areas that looked as though bubbles of air had been trapped beneath it , and for all the world looked like melted wax had been dripped over the surfaces of the trees , but for the desperately reaching branches high up in them , layer upon layer , until the whole resembled some fantastic , bizarre work of art .
the whole neighborhood appeared to date from the same era ; the homes looked fairly modern in style , but the trees showed a good growth and all the landscaping seemed well - established .
it was a fast - growth forest here , soft wood that rose quickly and collapsed .
there was a man standing there in the open doorway that must have led to the cellar of the house - tall , lanky , his face almost hidden by a growth of shaggy dark hair .
the falling stream vanished into a deep growth of cresses and water - plants , and they could hear it tinkling away in green tunnels , down long gentle slopes towards the fens of entwash vale far away .
the swift growth of the wild with briar and eglantine and trailing clematis was already drawing a veil over this place of dreadful feast and slaughter ; but it was not ancient .
for the most part it was covered with a thick growth of gorse and whortleberry , and low tough thorns , though here and there clearings opened , the scars of recent fires .
not only was there wonderful sunshine and delicious rain , in due times and perfect measure , but there seemed something more : an air of richness and growth , and a gleam of a beauty beyond that of mortal summers that flicker and pass upon this middle - earth .
the tunnel , like most of the others , had n't been hollowed by human hands ; it was a natural growth of the cave complex .
the thick squashy growth protected his skin , and after a few upward struggles he found the walls of the passage so irregular that it could be climbed in the ordinary way .
previously , he had encountered only the many - legged keepers , bizarre , spiderlike creatures who haunted the green - glowing croach , the strange growth that covered the land wherever the vord went .
standing several yards from the edge of one such growth , amara fancied she could actually hear the stuff spreading , rustling leaves , here and there , as it oozed slowly outward .
night insects sang in the trees around us , and the smell of dirt , fresh growth , and decaying plants permeated the air .
underfoot was tine springy turf dotted here and there with a low bushy growth which edmund and lucy took for heather .
now the place that they loved the most was a shady spot , and elms grew there , and beech too , but these were not very tall , and some chestnut trees there were with white flowers , but the ground was moist and a great misty growth of hemlocks rose beneath the trees .
thus did it fall out that beleg became lost and benighted in a dark and perilous region so thick with pines of giant growth that none but the goblins might find a track , having eyes that pierced the deepest gloom , yet were many even of these lost long time in those regions ; and they were called by the noldoli taurfuin , the forest of night .
here went the river over a very stony bed with much rush and noise , and it was curtained with a heavy growth of alders ; but the walls of the dale were sheer , for they were nigh to some mountains which voronwe knew not .
two days later they found their path going downwards and before long they were in a valley filled almost entirely with a mighty growth of oaks .
while the lamps had shone , growth began there which now was checked , because all was again dark .
lewis led us through what i could only guess was an old - growth forest of the great northwest .
the indescribable sound i 'd heard had been the howling wind slamming into old - growth trees and snapping them off their bases , or uprooting them completely to crash into their neighbors .
the trees to the west of them shook suddenly , and abruptly maximus 's enormous head and shoulders came rising up out of the growth ; he flung his head back yawning tremendously , exposing rows of serrated teeth , and shook himself all over .
to the east of these lay the great imperial palace itself , not a single building but formed of many smaller pavilions , walled in and surrounded by a moat of murky water : in the setting sun , all the roofs within the complex shone as if gilded , nestled among trees with their spring growth still fresh and yellow - green , throwing long shadows into the plazas of grey stone .
perhaps in the soul , as in the soil , those growths that show the brightest colours and put forth the most overpowering smell have not always the deepest root .
the river plunged on through the trees below them , but up ahead the timber petered out , and a broad field of rich green growth , very small , spread out across the floor of a wide green valley , framed but not cramped by rising mountains .
the smoke still climbed after them , in rising tendrils mingling into columns mingling into sheets , thickening along the ground as all the heaped growth was consumed .
a junglelike growth of twisted plants covered areas that were not in the lava 's path .
some trees she 'd passed earlier had begun to send out spring growth , but not a one of these had done so .
they found nineteen out of every twenty rotting in the ground , inexplicably full of worms despite green growth above .
caemlyn 's sprawling growth was even worse than that of whitebridge .
after that , when the change came , he confined himself to the woods near nideck point , hunting , roaming , discovering the creeks of his property , and climbing the tallest of the old - growth trees to heights not attempted in the past .
they followed him on and on as he broke a tunnel through the dense growth , moving on all fours , springing upwards from time to time to chart a swift passage through the jungle high above the earth .
trembling , hebe inched closer , peering at the strange growth .
in the dull light of the lantern his thin goatee and moustache looked like a growth of pale foliage against his sallow skin .
in a big glade of the willow growth at dawn they gathered for a memorial , or funeral for the absent .
above insects city , on much steeper ascents , growth thinned and the trees became slowly misshapen , stunted by altitude , by the perpetual winter underground and by the wind .
grinning a bit , he surveyed dense growth but saw nothing so held a moment before scaling a rock leaning to his left .
nothing could be seen past heavy growth , aggravating him further .
they came to an area where swathes of the forest had been cleared , but secondary timber growth almost obscured the view to the west behind them , over the loch to the mighty hills of arrochar beyond .
the boy ran over and stepped gingerly over the rank growth of nettles that surrounded the gateway .
one of the party , john landless , who had joined rob after the capture of the inversnaid garrison , pointed out the little brown heap at the side of the strath , remnants of this years growth of nettles still standing .
people across the south cried for their loss of value , wondering how they would recover without funding needed to recuperate their losses or the help they needed in order to regain the land which had been severely overwrought with unwanted growth , desertion , and undernourishment .
* * * on a brisk spring morning , as the laurel and oak trees were bursting with new growth , aristotle was discussing the basic political nature of men as he and his students strolled leisurely around the botanical gardens .
she might then have a chance to escape , for the nearby hill was thick with growth and she knew how to hide .
as the crowds streamed away from the stage , he stole into the wooded growth at the edge of the hill and watched and waited .
he watched her leave the concert area at last and as she began making her way westward back to the camp , he kept track with her progress holding to the shrubby growth of the hillside .
the bandit luke rides off and disappears into the forest of old growth elm , oak , birch , and pine .
the area is dense , and the view to their front is severely limited by the growth of hardwood trees and a considerable amount of undergrowth .
often he had to go sideways to find an opening in the dense growth .
his knife was not sharp enough to hack away the growth .
he burrowed into a dense growth of bushes and looked at the vista in front of him .
then taking his weapons , he walked to a generous old - growth tree that completely overlooked the site .
slipping silently through the woods , seraina caressed saplings , spoke in soft tones to the old growth , and skirted around areas with new shoots poking up from the forest floor .
the lack of visibility is nt due to the thick growth of the surrounding wooded area , although now in late summer that would normally be the case , its due to being in a natural depression .
in some places i could only determine where the road used to be by looking at the relationship between the old growth of the forest and the shorter , younger growth that was taking back the road .
in some places i could only determine where the road used to be by looking at the relationship between the old growth of the forest and the shorter , younger growth that was taking back the road .
the wildly out of control growth of the plants and trees provided an excellent natural cover and the closed yards kept the undead out .
a verdant growth of grass was now springing up .
trees loomed again in the distance , but spaced far apart and devoid of the tangled growth along the beach .
i took a step , then another , and slowly pressed into a hammock densely vegetated with lush growth .
i watched the leaf as it spiraled down to the ground and finally rested against a fresh growth of spring grass .
while the only major growth on them appeared to be grass and weeds , and willow - like shrubs , right on top of that the forest grew .
the growth was becoming a jungle , with creepers , woody plants , and succulent plants that did nt support your weight .
stopping for one last munch of a new maple growth , the maple having far too many growths for the mooses aesthetic sensibilities , the moose wandered back onto his path .
i envisioned it being a dozen , maybe twenty , pages long and like a malignant undead growth it just started expanding into novella length .
within and along the edges are vast open areas fringed with old - growth oaks and pines , some funneling back into substantial pockets of woodland .
then a faint light appeared : i seemed to float through a black tunnel of forest or jungle growth , through a complex network of leaves and branches writhing in the wind and silhouetted against a crimson glow in the darkness up ahead .
as with the coalmine , the unchecked growth of the foliage had crept up around the church , and the graveyard adjacent to it , concealing the inscriptions on some of the headstones ; in some cases , swallowing the headstones completely erasing the past .
eventually they did make it to the back of the house , which - despite the mysterious lush growth - looked much like tanner had seen it last time .
jamie had a momentary glimpse of an endless stone tunnel slick with damp sea growth before the door slammed shut .
it moved jerkily , flailing at unseen objects in its path , sometimes farting huge gouts of gas that lingered behind for minutes after the unholy thing had passed out of sight in the heavy growth .
as he tried to steer clear of the noises , very gradually he became entangled in an immense growth of vines , armed with temper - quality thorns .
some of the older - growth tracts were cleared for grazing , other areas sectioned off by barbwire with transition gates and a gang of wranglers to handle every day operations .
only a vast stretch of tall , waving grass and new - growth forest .
the ground was covered with a thick coat of leaves and brush , accompanied by twisted root branches that sprang up from years of growth .
there was a rear area of hyde park that was wooded , swamp like and contained a lot of shrubbery growth that had yet to be cleared .
the place had a look of neglect although two large , growling tractors swept back and forth in wide swathes leveling the spring growth of weeds and grass .
her house was isolated from the neighbors by virtue of her acre lot and a heavy growth of trees all around .
the thick growth of trees in the surrounding forest was exactly what i wanted , and the only easy way in or out of my property was through a long , winding gravel drive .
there was no telling what might happen ; one of us might lose a key in a scuffle , and the growth on the sides of the fence was very thick , brambly and virtually impassable .
the white wood siding was colored a greenish gray along the edges that made me think of the greeny growth on tombstones .
there were pines in the hills south of the pit , and some growth high up around the edges , but the pit itself was sterile - not even juniper grew here .
a black bear , fat with its pre - hibernation stuffing , was ambling through the screen of thin second - growth trees to his left .
this hill - like clump of growth seemed to be lying over some grayish , spongy growth medium .
the room is crepitant with fungus , florid with red - gold growth .
mr gray killed the cat 's engine , then dragged pete , who was moaning and semi - conscious , under the thickest growth of bushes .
the high growth cast the road into deep shadow .
i realized i could smell the growth around us , a ropy aroma that seemed to come to life halfway down my throat .
i pointed toward the crowding jungle overgrowth between us and the north end of the key , growth that had no business being there not , at least , without a team of horticulturalists working overtime to provide its upkeep .
xiii the moon had risen fat and yellow above the eastern horizon , casting its glow on the lush jungle growth that overbore the south end of the key and gilding the east side of john eastlake 's ruined mansion , where he had once lived with his housekeeper and his six girls happily enough , i suppose , before libbit 's tumble from the pony - trap changed things .
trisha bulled her way through the close growth beside the stream instead of going around because she was afraid of losing it .
rich and his family had moved away from derry in the spring of 1960 , and how fast all of their faces faded , his gang , that pitiful bunch of losers with their little clubhouse in what had been known then as the barrens - funny name for an area as lush with growth as that place had been .
here was a little curving stream which wound its way into a thick stand of second - growth trees to his right ; it looked as dark as a cave in there .
a thick stand of bamboo - like growth spread across it and a fetid smell rose from the earth .
birds sang and went about their birdy - business in the bushes and second - growth trees .
in spite of the last dwindling piles of snow under bushes and in groves of trees ( to stan they looked like piles of dirty cast - off pillowcases ) , there was a smell of new growth in the air .
the barrens were more junglelike than ever , and for the first time he found himself wondering why a stretch of such tangled and virulent growth should have been called the barrens at all : it was many things , but barren was not one of them .
the seawind struck him full force , lifting his heavy growth of hair back from his forehead .
his father 's house was set well back from the road ; their graveled driveway was nearly a quarter of a mile long , running through a heavy stand of second - growth spruce and pine .
another rock wall c this one so old it had degenerated into isolated rock middens furred with moss c marked the property 's rear boundary about three miles into an unruly forest of firstand second - growth trees .
once ( she had been over the decayed stone wall at the back of her land and actually trespassing on new england paper company 's land at the time ) she had found the rusted hulk of a late - forties hudson hornet standing in what had once been a woods road and what was now , over twenty years after the cutting had stopped , a tangle of second growth c what the locals called shitwood .
in the thickets and blowdowns and choked second growth , mosquitoes hummed and buzzed .
after two hours spent struggling through the tangled second growth along the east side of finson road , ginelli had seen a dark shape on the road 's narrow shoulder .
we 'll plant new growth over the burn .
it was a fairytale scene , trees and fern fronds with fresh spring growth hung over them .
the park shimmered with new growth and fallen blossom .
both fertilizer and plant , future growth from this reluctant medium , here adhering to the past , refusing to move , to put forth or even germinate .
` ` ever so much , '' his voice trailed off into the thick growth of ivy woven within the nearby trellis .
the bridgework estate teetered amid a small clearing of thick hillside growth off milford road , where the landscaping had been slashed wide enough to afford a commanding view of mallards bay some several hundred feet below .
the trail leveled off , narrowing into a dried out sluice canopied by thick growth creating the appearance of a tunnel .
` ` correct headwear , too , '' he said , tapping a finger inside his thick growth of black hair .
mere yards in front of me the abundant growth parted to expose a series of large flat rocks forming the top of a head wall known by locals as rogers ' rangers ravine .
however , against the northern wall where run - off had created an area of slightly greater fertility , a screen of more substantial growth had formed .
rope bridges between adjacent trees attracted vines and branch growth .
he slid down the tracks shoulder and hid under a growth of brush to wait and watch for what would happen next .
it was probably collapsed and buried under seven centuries of dirt and plant growth .
there are many global locations where conditions do not favour plant growth .
the seeds had been sewn , and it was of no use digging them up before the green shoots of growth had begun to appear .
somehow he obtained a delightful contentment from the bland panorama of california suburbia : the well - sprinkled lawns , the waves of whispering leaves on the branches of oldish - growth trees , the streets full of beautiful houses in a perpetual state of refurbishment , refinance , and resale .
the high branches of old - growth trees covered a street resplendent in faux neo - edwardian , faux neo - italianate , and faux neo - modern design .
the air smelled of new growth and salt sea .
the first morning was sunny and redolent with the smell of new green growth and we trooped down to the beach , guarded by the two cats and nicky , to pick over driftwood and gather clams .
getting an ordinary comb through nicky 's fur was like trying to get a rake through a fifty - year - old growth of blackberry brambles .
the green , vibrant smell of new growth , brought out by rain .
by the time he was on his fifth round - trip , randolph noticed that the thick growth of bushes in the small wooded area behind the parking lot was rattling back and forth .
the growth was lush and tall .
even the tiniest little growth of marigold left a strong , good smell on her hands .
i guess some was flyin off and finding the lush growth of spring grass over by the post .
was really the first place where i could see the shrinking of his world , the wild growth getting started now in the late of spring - almost - summer , the long light of days , the natural asking all of us to get going and him wearing out most afternoons , staying in the cool of the house , sleeping longer , mowing the lawn with the lawnmower in the damp of the evening when he was up to it .
she feels it in the caress of the weedy growth by the roadside .
he looked back and saw the rotating power takeoff and the jaws churning and heard the chatter of the knives working somewhere low near the roots of all of the rank growth of legume and grass .
the growth stretched across the ceiling , crept over the floor , the walls pulsating with fauna , the purple haze filling the air , the bright evenstar shining brilliant from its birthplace in that consumed bowl .
she can recall the springy feel of the buffalo grass , too , the deep shade under the mango trees in the background and their tender red new growth , and the noise of the flying foxes as they shrieked with gluttony each night as they fed on the ripe , rich mangoes .
spectres , tall , lithe and animate , flourished in this growth medium , grinning daytime wraiths striking up from the nadir to a union meeting in the sky , a vote of clouds , a show of perspiration , a count of heat .
there was n't much else to do on a world nature had tamed to the point of removing all sharp edges and ensuring there was always a plentiful growth of soft landing bushes under any precipice more than tail high .
she worried that the car might become too cold for the new growth she was transplanting to her home .
as bette tried to see under the growth which would soon fall , she thought that the four naked boles might resemble some frozen anguished moment in a modern dance .
every now and then they drop off a list of spots they want me to have a go at , but mainly its up to me to wander the district looking for early signs of weed growth .
new yellow green chives were pushing through the cropped brown ends of last years growth .
on the open side of the courtyard , a sandy path went out of sight into the trees and low growth .
she had expected on benefit to be surrounded by the green and flowery growth of barbados ( as much as shed been able to glimpse of it from beneath the panting and tireless neil ) ; but benefit seemed to be grown up in a dry , gray vegetation leaved in cowhide and armed with spines and hooks , which clung doggedly to the hot sandy earth .
heavy growth curtained the walls of the gorge like shaggy green hair , crusted over now with white frost like the pale points of dead stars .
thick growth filled the crumbling canyon , gnarled trees clawing at the soil .
joseph , being unschooled in matters of horticulture , had raked most of the leaves into the gardens , his ( nave ) intention being that the leaves would provide nutrients for the next batch of growth the following spring .
it encourages new growth , you know , and the winter cold will very likely kill that , especially if there s frost .
trent lived in a stand of old growth forest on their fathers land , with trilliumwho also happened to be their stepsister .
in the floor of the basin lay the ravine containing squatch creek , the stand of old growth , the tree house .
a declivity in the green blanket of trees past the rocky shelf indicated squatch creek ravine , the crest of old growth within it rising in a topographical bulge .
the trail lay in front of him , obscured by spring growth .
* * * down in the ravine a mix of brush and waist - thick doug fir gave way to portly old growth giants standing a wary distance from one another , the path between them clear and easy to follow .
this small patch of first growth forest came into cannon blys possession as a historical accident , its preservation part of the deal with the mysterious previous owner .
the proposition that sasquatch lived in old growth seemed reasonable and necessary .
he considered peeing in the bushes , the way he and trent often didand as he had the night before , but the sun shone through low clouds , enough to show off new spring growth and cast public urination in a different light .
he set off for the old growth .
chapter 12on the rocks the lay of the land came back to chris like a bad habit as he picked his way downhill through the old growth beside squatch creek , descending in the direction of the falls , the cave and bigfoot junction , less than a mile away .
he ran in the direction where harmon disappeared at the edge of the old growth .
well i had to do something when old harmon began cutting the old growth on the sly .
is there a reason dad did nt give you the old growth ?
he claimed he agreed to protect the old growth when he bought the land .
and just so it is nt a complete surprise , the will also stipulates that you are to establish a wildlife area for the preservation of the indigenous sasquatch population and maintain the old growth in compliance with the terms of the original purchase contract .
@ davey dropped down and chased after him , jake seemed to have a thorough knowledge of every trail ; they cut along paths where the branches hung within feet if the ground so that it was necessary to crawl along , they climbed over stunted roots and broken boughs , the thick growth gradually cleared and gave way to clumps of bushes and tall trees , thick autumn leaves lay underfoot and covered the cracking of twigs as davey trailed behind .
they found a spot on a hillside where the ground was pushing up new green growth .
the reeds had been cleared from the vistulas bank and a passage cut through their dense growth to provide an access channel to the river .
swaying violently , it seemed , to every side my body lurched , and i stumbled through the opening of some nearby grotto and crawled like a wet dog through a growth of trees and bramble .
despite the thick growth of trees and abundance of ferns that bordered the clearing in which she stood , maggie could see through the gaps as far as the cottage , and further .
now the proverbial cat was up the tree and it was one hell of a tall shaft of old - growth lumber !
deeper emotions eventually set down roots , like old - growth timber , over a broad expanse of time .
there are so many writers so many stories so many books eventually their weight will push down all the words of the past like a new growth creeping over a corpse a body that in decay will fertilize new life but eventually vanishes .
it seemed i had been forgiven my ducks and seagulls comment of a few weeks before , and the slowly expanding group was in discussion about the duplicity of the government in its anti - pollution laws , while still allowing golf courses to pour massive amounts of fertiliser onto fairways and greens , with the subsequent run - offs polluting rivers and promoting algae growth .
` ` my uncle 's gardener says the soil here is better than his own , and so it appears from the growth of the evergreens .
above , two ravens call to each other and hop along the tops of the old growth trees bordering access road .
a blight and have to save the old growth .
there was a small triangular area of desert growth which we always passed after crossing the street in front of our school , crossing it in 1962 .
if jack came out early , my mother and i would not yet be rounding the corner of the street toward this barren stretch of earth and he would pass this triangle of desert growth before she saw us .
i do nt understand , i admitted , leaning down to touch the new growth peeking out of the ashes .
they drove up to the compound of attractive wooden houses separated by lush tropical growth .
when robert came back after a few days away he described the waste land which had replaced the lush tropical growth ; the stoicism of the villagers had impressed him .
since ruby met her , though , there s been a slow but steady accretion of tardiness , averaging about a minute per year , like a set of meandering tree rings that eventually add up to a substantial growth .
it 's just removing un unwanted growth , that 's all . ''
in a kind of time - lapse movie of natures resilience , the trees had concentrated new growth to fill in what the storm had shorn away .
the warm spring rains had supported a burst of growth , the lawn and junipers and squat mugho pine , planted just months before .
the branch seemed to collapse and harold vanished beneath a cloud of tendrils covered in new growth .
the sweet maroon berry in the thorny growth , the succulent shoots in the shade of the pale trees .
he cut through a thick growth of trees .
grazing amongst the grassy and brushy jungle growth was a herd of ten or twelve asian elephants .
they left a scattering of small vietnamese villages on the right behind and came into heavy green jungle growth in their place .
we plan our garden , prepare the ground , and are so excited to see the first signs of growth .
they led to random outpourings of wild growth , but never had i tried to take in the harvest .
i d spotted a small growth of trees and brush on that side of the lane when the high beams of the car leaving the area had passed us .
we walked over to a scruffy clutch of second growth trees .
oak trees two or three hundred years old had their spring growth .
the hills were covered in new growth .
in front of the garage , patches of new spring growth of grass among gravel and dirt showed evidence of recent vehicle movement with some blades flattened and smeared against the rocks .
at last in the stress of his fear he did that which might have daunted the bravest or most active woman , for by the aid of the growth of ivy which covered ( and still covers ) the south wall he came down from under the eaves , and so homeward across the moor , there being three leagues betwixt the hall and his mother 's farm .
he ran with his peculiar short , choppy stride toward the dense growth of woods at the edge of the access road and disappeared into shadow .
the two lane highway snaked through lush growth of palmetto and swamp willow .
* * * it was usually about after the first mile that my mind would start to let go of whatever things it was worrying about , and allow me to walk along the river and enjoy the open sky and exuberant green riparian growth .
he moved to the side of the building where heavy growths of weeds existed growing up against the corrugated steel panels , some of the fronds as high as his shoulders .
he slowed , squinting into the headlights and the wild growth on either side of the nova .
pickett looked away from the bird 's scarlet wing to the canal that tunneled through the tropical growth below .
much of the portage was through dense brush , but at one point i came into an old - growth hemlock forest .
he kicked the growth aside with a steel - toed boot and stared .
breakfast at haches ; coffee at wapato ; umalbitta , with its garish growth of neon ; through echo , meachan , north powdervillages less than a hundred years old , singing to him of the wagons that had rumbled west .
the herbs were in the flush of late summer growth , with green vines winding up the trellises and flowers of every color decorating the beds .
nothing else was in sight but the monstrous gate and chaotic green growth .
so , staying in a crouched position , i quickly duck - walked several dozen paces to my left until finding the cover of a thick growth of trees .
i looked down the road , but it wound slightly in the woods and disappeared from view into the darkness of the thick growth of trees lining both sides of the tract .
now , it was off limits for healing , perhaps for years until sufficient growth of plants could be restored to avoid erosion , which would be worsened by heavy foot traffic .
we finally arrived at his cabin , which was nestled on a high piece of ground in the center of a thick growth of trees .
on the way back south , i parked in some dense growth across the road from the entrance to the national forest .
winter storms however brought only gentle rains that both eased the long - standing drought and also provided the necessary moisture for new growth of plants to help anchor the ravaged hillsides .
i felt relief at finally sighting it nestled in its clearing , surrounded by a dense growth of pine trees .
he did n't bother trying to follow a trail ; he was n't a particularly skilled tracker , and finding any trace among the rocks and dense growth was a vain hope in any case .
it 's beautiful up here , the late - morning sunlight pouring down on old - growth forest .
the front yard was open to the street , but the clipped thick growth followed the property line down both sides and across the back of the yard .
there were businesses now in the old homes on either side of the property , though the thick growth around the old place made them largely invisible from the front or back porch .
the surrounding pines were old growth , their trunks wide with decades of life .
yussoupov had the cabin built on two hundred acres of old - growth forest , with a mountain , that a century before had been christened windsong ridge .
it had n't rained in weeks , but the grass was attempting to turn a pale yellow - green , the world full of growth and opportunity .
` ` you 're like that single wild flower that grows from the crack in the pavement : miraculous growth with no water source or fertile soil .
it had n't rained in weeks , but the grass was attempting to turn a pale green , the world full of growth and opportunity .
it stretched out for what seemed like miles , a bedspread of early spring flowers and long grasses , some still mottled by the old , dead fronds from last year 's growth .
camden made the criss - crossing lines into a tangle of green growth ; he coaxed my dead skin into living flowers .
his beard growth scraped her skin as he slid lower , his warm mouth zeroing in on one breast .
we ducked below the hanging branches that were greening with new growth , and i sat at the base of the trunk .
still , she brushed at the nearest growth and pulled her hand away tinted with golden powder .
the bases were so large that it was like doing a full lap around a running track to get around the base of some of the trees at the edge of this old growth forest .
to his relief , grace behaved herself around nathan , not once commenting on the size of his new house or where it was located even though she was against all the new growth in serenity falls .
they reached a path that led through the low secondary growth of small softwood trees and shrubs .
~ ~ ~ wrangell , alaska the ferry slid north at a placid pace , parting the quiet waters of the inland waterway which reflected shorelines dense with the growth of spruce , fir , and cedar .
anti - fouling paint is used on boat hulls to prevent barnacles , algae , and other types of marine growth .
she stood deep in lush growth and foliage she had never before seen .
looking up , she found herself surrounded by lush greenery , the small patch of growth around her having expanded and tripled .
he was immediately swallowed by the abundance of growth around him .
the old growth trees formed a canopy overhead , with only a small opening for the sun to shine directly on the water .
the lack of direct sunlight had kept the surrounding area much like a forest floor , with only a short growth of moss like ground cover .
sensing he was being watched , samuel whirled around to discover several pairs of haunted eyes staring back at him from behind patches of tall brittle growth .
a path led through a patch of waving sea oats , an oasis of green growth before reaching the clean tan sand .
she looked for a route through and found a narrow path among the dense growth marked by recently broken branches , presumably the work of gabriel on his last foray .
i unsheathe my spear , clutching it securely in sweat - slickened hands and watch as nearby growth stirs and a boart comes into view .
the massive old - growth pine shuddered in protest , leaves falling around her like rain .
steve rubbed the side of his jaw , shadowed by a dark growth of beard .
a loud hum echoed from the lush growth - insects , he supposed , birds , and the rush of the water , though it felt as though the wilderness were singing to itself , in a voice heard only in his blood .
deep in the black - and - green darkness of this old - growth forest lies the tiny town of last bend .
he 'd encouraged native growth , too .
the meadow was alive with new growth , bursting with vibrancy that enchanted her .
` ` you live in one of the few old growth forests left on the planet .
no spiderwebs dripping with dew , no clusters of old growth trees and the giant ferns at their feet .
the ferns and moss are lime green with new growth .
they sprinted into the dense growth of the overburdened flower beds and began running zigzag patterns around the sculptures .
good luck with that , he thought as he cut off the path and disappeared into the thick growth .
grant nodded and pointed to a thick growth of brush growing in the ditch that ran along the south side of the road leading to the cabin .
she had a ground - level unit with plenty of windows to climb through - windows that also happened to be on the side facing the thick growth of trees .
a short growth of stubble caught and held the fine strands .
warren stood out from the crowd like a two - hundred - year - old douglas fir in a new - growth forest .
to her left lay the mighty pacific , on the right , a wall of old - growth forest whose trees were among the biggest in the world .
and i helped him reshape this place into the growth it 's enjoying now . ''
i figured i 'd sit on the inside and chop the extra growth off and then climb down to the ground when i was done .
determined to put a local 's ` ` spin '' on the story , she was busily reading everything she could find - senate subcommittee reports , environmental findings , economic statistics on logging , the fecundity of old growth forests .
the river bubbles and slaps around us , sends up its rich , fecund scent of both new growth and decay .
a day 's growth of beard shadowed his jawline .
when the first sunny days of spring came , green swept across the fields in the snohomish valley , and the trees straightened again , straining toward the light , their tips lime - green with new growth .
from here , she could see that dorothy 's small vegetable garden was teeming with growth : bright red tomatoes , green beans , rows of leafy broccoli .
tomorrow they 'd ride over on horseback and move the herd to this pasture with its high , thick growth of grass .
the rampant growth reminded her ever so slightly of the thick jungles of india , where one never knew if the next bend in the path would reveal a vine - encrusted abandoned temple or a troop of monkeys screaming through the canopy overhead .
she felt as though this was the wrong side of the mountain , the growth around her denser .
the older - growth pines lining the walk were charred .
a thick growth of trees and bushes edged the dyke here ; he could n't see the enemy through mist and leaves , but he could hear them easily - french , he thought .
there was a small tarn below , rimmed with a crescent of thin ice , last year 's dry reeds poking black through it , not yet supplanted by new growth .
the grapevines had been cut back for winter , but the new spring growth was well sprouted , delicate rusty leaves deckling the rough - knuckled vines that roped through the arbor .
` ` what- '' ` ` come with me , me lord , '' tom said , low - voiced , and , glancing over his shoulder , led the way through a thick growth of weeds and brambles that put paid altogether to grey 's stockings .
with an expert eye he noted the stunted plant life dotting the desert floor , studying the growth pattern and picking out the plants that looked slightly more succulent than others growing nearby and indicating more moisture underground .
old - growth forests were draped in skeins of silvery moss , and craggy coastlines were sheltered from the raging surf by a towering curtain of rock .
miles and miles of scrawny , new - growth trees huddled behind signs that read : clearcut 1992 .
finally , she reached the turnoff to the gravel road that meandered through fifteen acres of old - growth timber .
towering old - growth trees bracketed the road , their trunks obscured by runaway salal bushes .
she talked about anything and everything- the importance of old - growth trees , the viability of mime as an art form , the best colors , her favorite movies , the girl scout camp she and kathy had gone to and the s'mores they 'd made at the fire - and through it all , izzy stared and stared .
the trailhead was dim , shadowed by a growth of dark pines - but empty .
a sizable stack of felled logs lay to one side , and nearby lay a tangle of uprooted stumps , though several more , still rooted in the ground , poked through the heavy growth of wood sorrel and bluet .
tebbe was breathing heavily , looking back and forth from me to the edge of the gorge , where the deer trail disappeared into the growth , as though fearing the reappearance of hodgepile .
he turned and flung himself through a growth of dead vines , to find dog and wolf squirming and biting in a writhing ball of fur and flashing teeth .
between the major and the cabin , though , lay the open hole of the groundhog kiln , masked by the heavy growth of long spring grass through which the major bounded .
these two were arguing in whispers , but near enough that he made out most of what they said ; they were no more than a few feet from him , hidden by a thick growth of rushes and cattail plants that stood nearly as high as a man 's head .
there were huge blooming patches of galax , fire - weed , and other wildflowers on the hillside far above me , but there was a very attractive dead snag - if one was a bee - poking out of the heavy growth some way below .
his gray hair was thinning , and when he turned to greet us , the light of the sun shone across his face , and i saw the thin line of the harelip scar roger had mentioned , hidden in the luxuriant growth of his mustache .
the shade they cast provided refuge for immense bushy growths of the pernicious thing i called ` ` jewelweed , '' not knowing its real name , for the tiny white flowers that winked like diamond clusters in the feathery green fronds .
i tried to see the bear , but the growth of grapevines over the palisades was too thick to show me anything but rustling leaves and sun shadows .
he 'd tied a folded kerchief round his head , but the humidity in the thick growth of the tidal forest was so high that sweat formed in his eye sockets , stinging and blurring his vision .
he moved at last , very carefully , backing away , as though the stones might wake , but did not turn his back on them until he was a good distance away - so far away that the stones were lost to sight , buried in the heavy growth .
bonnet jumped off into waist - deep , muddy water , and waded into the shadows , pushing aside the heavy growth so that the water of the hidden inlet showed suddenly , a smooth dark gleam before them .
it had been a wet year ; even now , in early summer , there were moist , boggy patches under the lush growth of gooseberry bushes by the sides of the road .
the bois was a popular place for illicit duels , its dense growth sheltering the participants from detection .
fresh white surfaces showed where the stained brown of the weathered limestone had fractured , and only the smallest of plants had yet gained a foothold in this tumbled pile of rock , unlike the thick growth of shrubs that blanketed the rest of the hillside .
i asked as we made our way slowly down a long slope of heather and granite , leading the horses in single file down the narrow , twisting path the red deer had trampled through the springy growth .
the square shape of the cottage 's earth floor was still barely visible , the new growth that covered it sparser than the nearby barley , greener and wild in the shade of the trees .
thick growth of alders , larch , and birch blanketed the ground on both sides of the narrow track we followed , but as we approached the dark bulk of beaufort castle , over everything floated the effluvium of mud flats and kelp .
the tiny streamlet that passed by the campsite was boggy near the edges , and my shoes sank deep into the marshy growth .
gypsying our way north from charleston , and camping well off the road at night , we had discovered an abandoned homestead in the wood , its clearing nearly obliterated by new growth .
the rough track was not even a wagon trail , only a sort of flattening of under - growth , but it did at least provide clear passage through the trees .
we had been standing virtually on the edge of this small precipice without my seeing it , screened as it was by the heavy growth of shrubs .
` ` thanks , '' he said , fingering the thick growth of his beard .
the grass was the fresh green of early summer , clumps of sturdy growth shooting out of the rocks and furring the ground under the oaks .
dougal turned suddenly aside just below the crest of the hill and disappeared into a thick growth of broom .
rainwater filled the deeper pits , and thistle and tansy and meadowsweet surrounded these tarns with thick growth , the flowers reflected in the still water .
and i did not dare to take too circuitous a route ; i might easily lose my way in the wild growth or be overtaken by jamie and dougal , returning .
away from the fairies ' hill , he spoke in his normal voice , only pausing occasionally to brush away some tangling growth from his path .
the wry look on his face melted into genuine pleasure at sight of duncan innes , making his way toward us through a small growth of bare - limbed dogwood .
` ` what- '' he began , but she put a finger to her lips to shush him , beckoning as she crept toward a growth of red oak .
the stone of the mountain jutted out here , a solid block of granite thrusting upward from the growth of turpelo and buttonbush .
in summer , it was invisible even from above , shielded by the leafy growth of the trees around it .
i stopped dead , hidden by a scrubby growth of evergreens .
the crust had yielded the best growth by far ; no doubt it was the goose grease .
silent with shock , he followed me obediently as i led him down the side path by the lawns , shielded from view by hector cameron 's white - marble mausoleum and its growth of ornamental yew bushes .
it was april , warm for the season , and claire 's garden was rampant with growth : green spikes and sprouting leaves and small brilliant flowers , climbing vines that twisted up the palisades and opened silent white trumpets slowly above him as he worked in the gathering twilight .
he nodded toward the heavy growth of alder and willow that marked the edge of the invisible creek , no more than a hundred yards distant .
82 a darkening sky roger pushed his way through a thick growth of sweet gum and pin oak , sweating .
and yet as he struggled through the growth of sumac and partridgeberry , he knew even better that this place could swallow him without a second 's hesitation .
opening one eye cautiously , i could tell that judas had somehow found a trail - i could see the faint line of it , zigging through the dense growth in front of us .
the thick growth slowed the horse still further , and i was at last able to draw a deep breath and wonder where jamie was .
that was as good a direction as any , he thought , and plunged into the growth of buttonbush after it .
his mind clung to the notion of willows ; he could see a growth of them in the distance , barely visible above the waving canes .
she relaxed her hold on his ribs and he smiled at her , so strange to see his smile through a growth of thick black beard , the curve of his lips familiar in the moonlight .
the stream itself was n't visible , but he could chart its course by the growth of bare - limbed sycamore and willows .
wylie 's landing seemed like a mirage , floating in a layer of mist above the water amid a thick growth of needlerush and cord grass .
that was in part illusion ; roger knew that the plantation house was no more than a mile from the landing , but it was hidden by a dense growth of scraggy - looking forest that sprang from the marshy ground like some misshapen , dwarfish sherwood , thick with vines and brush .
he blundered into the weeds , felt the grasp and slash of sawgrass on arm and leg , rolled half - over , gasping , salt burning in the cuts , and then was on his hands and knees , crawling through the growth of marsh plants , black needlerushes waving over his head , rain pounding on his back , the water lapping just below his chin .
following mrs . crawford 's directions , we made our way a mile or so down the beach , and found ourselves at the edge of a thick growth of coastal forest , where scanty - needled pines mingled with mangroves and palmetto in a dense , sun - splintered tangle , twined with vines .
in spite of the heavy growth , the walking was more pleasant here than on the open beach ; the wind - stunted trees were tall enough to give a pleasing sense of secrecy and refuge , and the footing was better , with a thin layer of decaying leaves and needles underfoot .
the pale green color of new growth was beautiful , and the perfect shine of each tiny leaf was testimony to the miracle helen had given him .
before it could free itself , another sudden growth of stone spikes erupted from the ground and impaled it .
the hospital was nice and isolated , which meant there was plenty of farmland out here , all of it framed by thick growths of trees .
they both rolled off toward a thick growth of trees as easily as if they 'd been tumbleweed .
madoc 's green eyes flicked to the right , toward a thick growth of trees .
especially now that the sun had set and darkness came swiftly within the thick growth of trees .
a few large trees dotted the grassy acreage near the house , and thicker , old growth forest insulated the area from any nearby neighbors .
his hair was a bit long , and a growth of beard shadowed his gaunt jaw .
the city had been abandoned a thousand years ago - three thousand layers of densely packed leaves and growth - and the jungle had grown unchecked .
it was n't large and lay pretty much in ruins , but the jungle growth intrigued us .
the violets she 'd remembered growing wild were scattered among the growth of weeds , little bursts of color against the grass still dead from winter .
she tucked the electric bill into the waistband of her jeans and struggled through the wild growth of the front yard .
ethan lunged forward , his gun up as he ran through the tangle of jungle growth and into the cleared area of the camp .
like a colt getting its legs under it for the first time , she stumbled erratically and lunged toward the heavier growth of the jungle .
moments later , steele , renshaw , and baker staggered through the growth dragging cole between them .
ready to scream in panic , frustration and fear , she dove into a dense area of plant growth .
she could lose herself in the endless starlit sky , in the smell of rich black earth , in the sweet scent of new growth .
elise tucked her bag near the fence post , out of the way , and began to trek through the rolling hills and bushy growth of the paintball course .
large tracts of land dot the landscape as we tear down winding roads , bittersweet vines choking off large oak trees , the road dictated by old - growth trees as wide as cars .
a day 's growth of beard shadowed his face , his dark hair was shaggy and uncombed and his brown eyes were hooded and soft .
the conversation touched on tahoe and growth nearby in california , and he recounted amusing bits of silicon valley lore .