she remembered the doctor 's expression during each prenatal visit when he charted their growth , impressed with how quickly they were growing in utero .
she smiled as she looked at the man she 'd basically slept on top of , his strong jaw now shadowed with a day 's growth .
she did n't dislike overseeing the growth of the grapes ; you could n't be a vintner without a love of the fruit itself .
doc already had grant money lined up to investigate how the nursery habitat of mangrove trees influenced the growth of lemon sharks as part of his current investigations .
his arms were too long for his body since he was in the middle of yet another growth spurt .
` ` dear heavens , you scared me out of a year 's growth , '' she said , clutching something to the front of her robe .
her weight is consistent with her growth , weighing around ten ounces . ''
she 'd spent awe - inspiring hours reading articles and gazing at pictures online of a baby 's growth from conception to birth .
they must put something in the drinking fountains here that stunts their growth !
i ca n't believe you already have this much growth . ''
i ' ve never seen him with heavy growth .
the nerve roots were minimally damaged , but with ryan 's fast growth , and the sites of the tethering , progressive damage would have occurred within the next months .
the refreshing sting of hot water made his skin tingle , but did nothing to ease the discomfort of a twelve - hour beard growth .
the last eighteen months had been difficult , full of change and growth , but in many ways they 'd been the best of her life .
she 'd been aware of that , but had n't had time to work on anything but her intellectual growth .
` ` here is our changing room , '' the trainer said , a middle - aged guy in track pants and a golf shirt , his head shaved to level the playing field between bald spot and hair growth .
rebecca 's street was a quiet tunnel of leafy green , the trees at their peak of late - summer growth .
he headed to the office , which was built on the same land where the spices grew in green houses that regulated the temperatures to ensure healthy plant growth all year round .
i told you all that work was going to stunt your growth .
especially the big ones , as he will be when he reaches his full growth .
all the negative attention stopped growth cold .
fortunately , the percentage they earn off the growth is sufficient to quell that irritation .
stunted my growth .
hard - eyed , lean , and muscular , dark hair and days ' worth of beard growth , smoking an unbroken chain of cigarettes .
of the woman he 'd lost , of the fascination the gossip rags seemed to have with his dating or non - dating status - as the case had been for the last year - and of the claws some women wanted to sink into him , thanks to the growth trajectory joy delivered had been on .
the realization that he genuinely wanted to be a witness to the growth of their baby was wonderful news .
i was n't expecting to go on the defensive like this in the midst of our growth .
i kissed his jaw , the stubble from the day 's growth rough against my lips .
with this growth spurt i can not keep enough food in the house for that boy . ''
also , unlike the ceo she had imagined , he wore his sable brown hair slightly too long with about three days worth of unchecked beard growth .
ever since childhood , she 'd been obsessed with tracking her own growth .
around her own age , the man was extremely good - looking , with about a day 's growth of beard on his face .
his hair was plastered to his head and at least two days ' growth of beard dusted his cheeks .
he had three days ' growth of beard on his face , which was marked by a double bow and arrow mark .
his rugged features were covered with several days ' growth of beard and his eyes were completely concealed behind a pair of opaque sunglasses .
with a week 's growth of whiskers , he had a rugged appearance that only added to his raw sexual appeal .
with two days ' growth of beard on his face , he looked lethal in spite of the almost angelic beauty of his features .
two days ' growth of whiskers shadowed a face that was so perfectly formed , he did n't look real .
without death , there is no birth and no growth .
your mother says that it 's better for your growth that you stay with her , especially given the shame and embarrassment i would bring to you should any of them see me with you .
he had dark blond hair and several days ' growth of whiskers on his cheeks .
he tilted his head back to look up at luke ; he 'd always wondered if maybe he 'd have another growth spurt some day , grow a few more inches than the five - ten he was now , be able to look luke - not to mention jace - straight in the eye .
` ` growth rate was normal , like any human child , but the child showed signs of significant intelligence from onset , learning to speak well before a normal child , and early intelligence tests put the child over two hundred in the iq department , which is rare .
i was conceived just like you , but our growth is vastly different . ''
behind the bar , the ice had recently been dumped and the ice well flushed out with hot water , preventing a slew of gunky bacteria growth to grow .
i blink repeatedly , trying to process how this conversation turned so quickly from talk of mechanical bulls to my stifled growth .
it should n't surprise me , though , given that i was the one footing the steep grocery bill through his teenage growth spurts .
indeed , if the mother knew and was to address the child , quiet its fears , and sing to it , the growth was greatly accelerated .
i thought that he had some ambivalence about his hair growth , but i was kind of fascinated by his musculature , i have to admit .
she gave a sharp and decisive nod , as though in her opinion she 'd taken the final step in spiritual growth .
i must not look like much , in my abnegation grays , tall and scrawny after last year 's growth spurt .
the syllables slipped through the folds of my brain like slushy ice , chilling and numbing , the musical rise and fall like unsung music , the wind in the trees , the growth of a tree to the sun .
it hurt to breathe , and i held my breath - eaten alive as the mystics looking to me tried to mend the splinter i 'd taken in , calming them with the elasticity of my own thoughts and turning their circling into growth and change .
` ` must be trying to slow the growth of the virus , '' mia said .
basically , it was dodgeball on a steady diet of steroids and growth hormone .
the twins she 's carrying had a sudden growth spurt .
by feeding her the nectar mixed with the bulbs necessary for the plant 's growth , something that would kill even an immortal , she was , in essence , an ever - fertile breeding ground for the drug .
blue was an arcadian , a race known for its people 's pale skin , white hair , and lavender eyes , and he was one of the fiercest warriors michael had ever encountered , over six and a half feet tall , with the muscle mass of an artificially engineered specimen on a steady diet of steroids and growth hormone .
` ` it 's an earlier version of that salve they put on your shoulder - it accelerates the growth of new cells . ''
daniel , who at the time had n't hit any sort of growth spurt and was mercilessly teased for his ` ` girly '' crop of unruly blond curls , had dropped the football he was playing with and took off after the boy and my jump rope .
her mom said it would n't last , that boys got their growth spurt later , and she 'd told christopher not to worry that his little sister would pass him up .
it saves me from accidentally eating food from some corporation that exploits migrant workers or injects their produce with growth hormones .
it took a lot of growth and learning on my part , but with morgan i was able to persevere .
` ` besides , i still have the positive pregnancy test floating around in my bathroom , plus a bottle of growth pellets for that spawn of yours she 's lugging around . ''
` ` she 's got a bunch of baby growth pills in her room . ''
` ` it 'll stunt your growth , you know . ''
it does n't undo growth or mental capacity .
my handsome husband with a week and a half of beard growth ( making him , arguably , more handsome ) was sifting through papers on his desk .
lahn questioned this when i stopped him from pouring me a chalice at dinner and i explained in my world pregnant women did n't drink alcoholic beverages as they 'd noticed it affected growth in the womb .
but he 'd hit a growth spurt and shot up five inches .
how was it my fault i hit a growth spurt ?
though his gait was steady and sober , his eyes were etched with dark circles and several more hours of growth shadowed his face .
` ` genetic mutation , toxic waste , radioactive isotopes , growth hormones in milk- '' ` ` but not possession ? ''
` ` says the person who just tried to pin this on growth hormones in milk .
maybe it 's like that thing where growth hormones in milk make you go through puberty earlier ? ''
class started , and we had to examine cell growth in plants under a shared microscope .
she and jack had measured each child 's growth spurts over the years , from toddlers to full - grown adults .
she looked up at me with a hopeful expression , her bandana had slipped off and i saw the beginnings of hair growth on her scalp .
he nearly melted into her right then and there , but he wanted one last look at her the way she was now , completely undone , her mouth swollen with his kisses , her hair tangled from his hands , her face slightly chafed from his beard growth .
they had n't shaved since they left the california men 's colony , but his beard growth had n't stopped trudie from recognizing him .
the long hours of crouching and crawling in narrow tunnels had stunted the growth of some and distorted their bodies .
pockmarks and a heavier shadow of beard growth had replaced the acne he 'd struggled with as a teen , but he was n't bad - looking .
she heard the rasp of his beard growth as he rubbed his face .
high cheekbones and a prominent jaw , not to mention the perennial shadow of beard growth , added more than enough of the masculine to compensate for his pretty eyes and pouty lips .
she liked him with his hair mussed and his jaw darkening with beard growth .
when he rubbed his chin , she could hear the rasp of beard growth .
a photographic growth chart as i get closer to the living room .
hattie swipes my wallet from the floor and - staring me down , lording over me with her stupid growth spurt - drops it back into my bag .
he had an august birthday , and his parents had held him back a year before kindergarten to give him an extra year of growth and a better shot at excelling in sports .
his facial hair had a couple days ' growth , and it gave him a roguish appeal .
somewhere around fifteen or sixteen , their growth slows down , and most do n't ever age past about thirty , no matter how many centuries they see .
ali said the twins ' growth would slow down by their first birthday , but that they 'd always be a little ahead of the curve .
i forced my legs together to prevent a sudden growth beneath my meal .
kennedy was n't educated as a counselor , but she enjoyed witnessing growth in a person .
the years of torture and growth and unhappiness were all made well worth it .
denial was how i 'd reacted at sixteen when i found out my absentee father had been a vampire , and that it was n't puberty causing my strangeness , but the growth of my inhuman traits .
kyler , inc . , is in a very delicate growth phase .
it not only makes you shields vulnerable as a class , it also stunts your growth . ''
frighten a man out of ten years ' growth , they can . ''
does she frighten you out of ten years ' growth ? ''
i know that it hampered his growth .
he knew colton was twenty - one , but in his hat and sweatshirt and mauled jeans , sitting on the tailored sofa , he looked like a fourteen - year - old after a growth spurt .
` ` it 'll stunt your growth , '' i told him .
a few days ' growth of stubble had turned him into a movie hero two - thirds of the way through an action flick , dangerous and haggard .
a piano stood in one corner , the lid covered with photographs of varying sizes , all depicting kadie and another , younger girl , in various stages of growth .
you scared me out of a year 's growth . ''
it was believed that things begun in a taurus moon lasted longer ; things begun in gemini were easily changed by outside influences ; cancer was a time for growth and nurturing , a time to take care of domestic needs ; leo 's emphasis was on one 's self ; virgo focused on health .
i learned that ruth could use water , fire , wind , growth , and temperature .
in the humid warmth of louisiana , yard growth could get out of hand mighty quick , and old mr . compton had not been one to hire someone to do his yard work .
if that 's not evidence of f**king growth , i do n't know what the hell is .
i would hate myself if my own fears stunt their growth or turn them into fearful adults .
they pretended that my quick growth spurts were because i was a boy , and that it was n't unnatural .
she petted his arms and shoulders , relishing the size of him , thrilling at the massive growth of his muscles .
the mark of the oil at the base of the throat , a place reflective of life and growth , would hold the ash , which in turned symbolized the spiritual death and rebirth of the soul into the service of second earth .
besides , he strongly suspected that eldon crace , despite his growth in surprising preternatural power as well as physical strength , would be his own undoing .
those who want growth , like donatelli , they 'll want this baby .
there was no rhyme or reason to his hair growth .
it 's full of growth hormones . ''
by sixteen i 'd given up thinking that i was going to have some sort of late bloomer growth spurt .
` ` there are no artificial growth hormones .
he 'd needed something to help him assimilate into the college community until he hit his growth spurt , which , thank you , sweet god , finally happened at seventeen to the tune of six feet tall .
he 'd only been fifteen years old , that growth spurt no - damned - where in sight .
he was tired of hearing that five foot eight was a respectable height for a sixteen - year - old and that he would hit a growth spurt soon .
` ` does n't seem your mama stunted your growth . ''
with his day 's growth of beard and his casual clothes , he appeared ridiculously out of place in the formal room , and yet nothing could detract from his rugged , bad - boy good looks .
` ` we used to check for growth spurts every six months or so .
carter knew he 'd come this far , not just in miles but in personal growth .
still sexy with the shadow of a day 's growth of beard .
several days ' growth of beard shadowed his jaw .
such an ' orrible growth of ' air upon your face , nephew !
whose strong jaw was covered with beard growth and whose muscular body rippled with power ?
he was so very male - broad shoulders , solid chest , sexy beard growth .
the heart would be far stronger if all problems surrounding the growth and transplant could be solved .
there are drugs that stimulate growth , but he concludes that they will never push the neural pathways to form correctly .
the downside appears to be that if you overstimulate , it can cause excessive cell growth and cause tumors .
once she grew some new nerve cells , she ` ` fired '' them repeatedly - just as if jess were using those nerve cells over and over again , to break them in and to trigger growth of even newer neurons hanging off of them .
if she generated more current , it resulted in faster growth of new nerve cells ... but she also had to be careful to not overdo it and ` ` fry '' the new nerve segment she was creating .
she concentrated on the most damaged areas , around the bionics where the electrical signals had been severed , and stimulated the growth in those precise muscles and nerves needed to drive the bionics .
` ` he also found a way to stimulate the growth of tumors with genetic therapy and then he caused the cancer cells to cut off their own blood supply so the tumor withered and died .
for years scientists have believed songbirds contribute to plant growth by singing all the songs in the early - morning hours .
for the first time in her life , she was wholly fascinated by the growth of the plants .
neil had three days ' growth on his face , and she loved it .
tara touched her own jaw , indicating the growth of beard he had managed since she had seen him last .
` ` what i mean is , i thought i liked a clean shaven face , until i saw you with a few days growth .
she could feel the small growth of wings now .
` ` there is no growth without pain .
` ` erections do n't equal personal growth , trey . ''
for jarrod , the aim of his essay was to show his growth in getting over childish fears and becoming a young adult .
he was strung out , frail , and sickly looking as he stood beside the fae , itching at the skin above the day 's growth of beard .
` ` as a goddess who supports growth and new life , how does she feel about contraceptive implants ? ''
there was an overwhelming scent of water and dirt , but as a light breeze ruffled my hair , i sensed something else ... the promise of growth and new life .
` ` human growth hormone ? ''
my hands slam down on the bed , and i sit there , utterly humiliated with a plastic growth now embedded in my hair .
dad did n't let me indulge very often ( said it would stunt my growth ) so i enjoyed it at every possible opportunity when he was n't around .
as i scooped the fragrant grounds from the canister , i thought again of dad telling me it 'd stunt my growth .
my sister 's photos hung on the wall showing her growth until her death when she was five , and then photos of me after age five took over as if k.c .
i reached back and grabbed my ponytail , running the length through my fist , feeling years and years of growth , some from when i lived with my father .
the professor said that she could really see her improvement and depth of growth .
there it was : the jolt he experienced on the few occasions he got to see phillip , a kind of visceral shock at how much he had changed since the last visit , his growth a constant rebuke to his father 's absence .
they were called scud or trig , and flexed bits of body at each other , displaying injuries or alleged muscle growth .
` ` it seems that during the growth of the cyst , it caused torsion or twisting with the ovary .
one section teaches you about the growth and development of the baby for each week .
` ` i thought we might read the growth section together each week so we both know what 's going on with the baby 's development . ''
` ` she wants to see us in her office tomorrow so she can start monitoring the growth .
i ' m not educated on the growth and development of a baby .
` ` we should scan you once a week to track the growth and watch for the appearance of a second baby .
i ' m guessing we 're looking at approximately three months if this pregnancy follows the same growth curve as chansey 's . ''
that could have stunted your emotional growth .
he was pale with a few days growth of hair on his jaw that had n't been there when i last saw him .
from nose piercings to the newest antics of luca and lyric and even jagger 's latest developments , our conversation was a rainbow of colorful topics and i could n't help but feel a little more sad at the talk of babies and growth spurts and first haircuts .
his growth had halted .
he reminded himself he would have to shave in a few days for it took almost a week for any real growth to take hold , but until then , he was content with the image he saw .
beth nodded , then her eyes trailed down to the growth projections in the file .
souls do nt shine until they re testedno risk , no challenge , no growth .
they monitor the growth of every plant , then just when you decide the day has come to have a tossed salad , you ' ve had slugs in your garden !
expensive custom tailoring and a slight aberrant growth variation .
she did n't know how she was going to run anything successful in one year without the benefits of genetic growth acceleration but in a couple of weeks , amazingly enough , the plant was well on its way .
sarah walked through the racket of this three dimensional green space with strange detachment , her flame colored hair catching every ray of sunshine and reflecting it amplified , like an angelic vision in the garden of eden , charting progress , recording growth patterns and anticipating results .
i think we can double the growth rate if we increase the temperature by two degrees '' .
i was told that growing up in cities stunt your growth , but i never really believed it until i began venturing to this particular metropolis during my leave cycles .
he asked me to feel my face and i had a week 's growth .
the trees there are so tall and large , many span across the waters providing natural walkways to get from one side to the other , their branches trained in growth and intertwined artfully by the tiea to form great living bridges .
this was indeed a reflection of him in the mirror , but now his formerly clean - shaven face easily displayed a two- to three - week growth of beard , accompanied by two to three inches of hair on his normally crew - cut head .
he wrote information about their feeding habits and growth patterns , he calculated their strength and endurance , their vocal ranges and their coloration .
genetic material was inserted into an alfa - one unit , this would keep the embryo safe and give it advanced nurturance and growth stimulators to ensure a fast development and the maximum in strength and endurance .
this may sound strange to some of you for it would have been an easy matter to remove all traces of male and female differences in the growth period and that had been tried but after much evaluation they found that eliminating such things did nt enhance destructive capability rather it declined them .
checking the ships status he found that the hull had finished its growth and the changes to shields , weapons and engines were well under way .
at the behest of the ggfltd 's growth restoration division , scientists worked tirelessly to keep up with all the diseases , developing new and better ways to make sex safer and more sterile .
however , the growth of their near - human brains had been artificially accelerated , and this , combined with their intensive educational programme , made them the intellectual equivalents of human 18 - year - olds .
and it was she who had painstakingly guided the development and growth of the strange , misshapen embryo that was to ultimately become baby .
like a reed , he had just had a young adolescent growth spurt , which gave him some height ; and the uniform gave him the illusion of size from a distance , but this was a boy , a young boy .
we ' ve made an attempt with you , the first accelerated growth genetic human creation ; we ' ve attempted to control you through subtle , obviously too subtle , means .
this technology has been coupled with growth acceleration developments to allow us to produce and grow genetically perfect human beings .
i stood there , a large , dirty foreigner with a week and a half 's growth of beard , holding a knife and standing next to a scratched and dented police car covered in bloody streaks with a broken passenger window .
he was in his tenth year and entering a growth spurt .
that mesh initiates the growth of crystal whiskers that eventually cover the entire wall like a mold .
the most successful and diverse group were placental mammals , whose members included hoofed animals of various species ( consisting of both carnivores and herbivores ) and long thin - legged primates with feet and hands capable of griping things , in addition to the growth of differentiated teeth for chewing .
he had always been tall , a growth spurt that began aged ten and which his teachers joked never seemed to actually stop seeing him tower over his classmates .
paul had gotten his growth spurt early ; he was nearly six feet tall , and built like a defensive lineman .
the farms were the same way , with some field allowed to go fallow because the temperature or weather conditions prevented the growth of the foods the angriff liked to eat .
they adapted to their growth patterns , the alien says .
she thought it only as part of her growth process .
well , its because i think there s a lot more learning that you need to do have over the next few weeks and ill be damned if i deny you your growth experience .
ahrtzor 's physical growth matched the maturity he had shown at the archon quarters meeting .
he was at a stage of rapid growth too .
` ` you 'll need it , not just because it 's cold but for your growth .
autoc noticed she was in the throes of another growth spurt and had almost outgrown her brother 's clothes .
he felt nothing except physical pain , the agony of the cuts and the constant ache engendered by both his rapid growth and the chilling cold .
luton had grown very fast just recently and was almost as tall as a churchik warrior , nor had the child reached full growth .
he was now almost six feet tall and nowhere near finished his growth .
if anything , he was so busy he was in a constant state of tiredness , the boy 's growth still rapid and absorbing much of his energy and depleted reserves .
he d still not finished his growth , was as slender and girlish as ever , and still looked a beautiful boy with clear skin and no trace of dark fluff on cheeks or chin .
he was broad shouldered even at this age , but still thin and well over six feet , his growth in three cycles astonishing .
already the boy was as tall as the warlord and lodestok knew the youth had n't finished his growth , nor would he for at least another cycle .
when he often spurred his horse to be alone or else let his horse fall back , kher thought the youth looked peaceful in solitude and what made the haskar smile was the burgeoning growth they all saw on the young chin and cheeks .
` ` and no , he looks like his mam , and yes , he 'll probably be as tall as me at full growth . ''
your growth must continue , child , if you 're to fulfil your destiny . ''
nikos kept watch over her , conscious again how she 'd experienced another surge of growth .
you 're just at an age where any absence makes your rapid growth very noticeable .
we look at several other of these growth beds which are at various stages of the growing process .
little brother ted , or turdfinger , as campbell used to call him , back before ted hit his growth spurt and could kick his butt .
sex , or even the thought of sex , stimulates your growth , that s what the riddle meant about one plus one multiplying !
indeed , there is growing journalistic and scientific speculation on a possible relationship between the object and the amazing growth and regenerative phenomena long observed for living things within the surrounding park .
further research on the amazing growth stimulation caused by the cube is recommended , as is study of numerous disease cures reported by visitors .
the soil was swarming with carbon - based life and laced with mineral content that provided the energy and material needed for survival and growth , but they needed more to survive and grow .
more subtle : 4 ) mismatched life stages , in which our growth spurts do not mesh , we grow at different rates , in opposite or perpendicular directions and become incompatible ( presuming we were ever well - matched ) .
abreon looking at a technician , noticing the meter he was holding another one beginning to unbind his legs , wrapping them in mesh cellular growth medium , you do nt understand they had a secret weapon .
they changed his bandages daily , applied what growth medium they could as his skin began to scar and waited .
and then he 'd need a growth medium .
i have already taken a magic that slows the growth that is why my warts and moles are not as profound as yours .
in the morning we have to go find a rare root that may grow in the mountains up ahead , it will slow the growth on us and the dark magic that has been cast upon us from spadefoot , and i believe by noctuid the black witch . ''
i knew my growth had been stunted .
we stimulate the growth of germ tissues that have been altered , and then induce the body to methodically kill off and replace all of the original tissues . ''
thorolf and unn had a son who was called stein ; that lad thorolf gave to thor his friend , and called him thorstein , and the boy was very quick of growth .
i was nave to think that his budding affection for me and the going of such growth had been so painfully slow would be able to overcome his instinct to survive and to run away from probe or his master .
problem was he could never find the right media combination to support the growth of these live nanites that s what the curator called them .
live nanite growth however was not supported outside your body , these components in your blood did not survive in artificial conditions .
the user needed to acclimate to its use throughout their growth , as the implant was significantly biological in nature .
the first step in the process was to flood the body with artificial trojan lattice dna , causing a chain reaction of growth over the existing chromosomes , transmutating the individual person into a copy .
she was standing at the bar in quiet conversation with a guy with a shaved head and a three day growth .
and while this produced a certain intensity , for growth , it was not enough ; the human brain required refraction , satire and absurdity .
lighting could energise a work area , foster somnolence in another , boost plant growth in a garden , create a little piece of tropicana or while maintaining epidermal health and vitamin levels .
he had sustained a growth spurt but his previous downhill slide towards tall asian male had slowed and it seemed some of his original looks were becoming more prevalent .
certainly they seemed none the worse for it ; the dozen or so trees that featured most of the amazing growth patterns were fully as huge and robust as their peers .
he saw the xenovirus as the beginning of that growth that it was lifes way of surviving given conditions of the meteor fallout , the constant cold , and lack of water .
other , lesser effects include slowed growth of facial hair ( the vuduri have none ) , improved immune system , continuous self - repair to rei 's back .
in the new book , rome 's evolution , minimcom finds new uses for the null - fold including stimulating neural growth allowing for regeneration of nerves that had previously been severed .
the algae converts the light and the carbon dioxide into plant growth with the by - product being oxygen .
i like rome and i want her growth and development into a somewhat normal ( to us ) human being to be relatable .
it may be that the yellow substance somehow hinders their growth . ''
jason had been preparing for this question and responded , ` ` those of the forest trade with other lands their sacred water which prevents the stunting of growth of babies .
he admitted with his long british face and wide shoulders , he d make an attractive priest along with his face always peppered in a five - day growth : he hated shaving ; he believed in the attractiveness of stubble .
a recent rain had caused a surge in their growth , and below ground the roots slowly became engorged with the available water and nutrients .
she had responded to the infection atypically , and although neither of her parents were particularly tall she hit an enormous growth spurt as she recovered .
she looked a bit confused so he explained that farm water was nt dosed since it interfered with plant growth .
his face young and hairless , chemicals in the food prevented hair growth to keep the masks effective , thomas looked exactly as peter remembered from the dome .
the alternatives failed to account for her little tenants incredible growth , unless marshall had nt died in there and was just now freeing her in time for the birth .
this cinched it in what sane world would a couple hours result in a months worth of fetal growth ?
are you a person of restricted growth ?
but are you a person of excessive growth ?
billy scrubbed at the growth of beard that covered his jaw .
then it would assess the state of the body and apply various kinds of fields that would help the body cleanse from toxins , heal internal injuries in the musculoskeletal system , dissolve fat deposits and stimulate muscle growth .
she returned to the unicorn aspen many times , and watched its continued amazing growth with awe ; but the unicorn itself was not to be found .
immediately tree re - growth was so rapid that it reminded the team onlookers of time - lapse photography .
now that he was closer he could see that countless thinner parts of it reached down into the soil like roots , doubtlessly to obtain materials for the growth of more nanites .
plants erupted from the scarred soil all around the hikers , growing so fast that their growth was perceptible to the team , though it was still less than a meter tall and hardly needed to be pushed aside by the unicorn .
he noted what he interpreted to be consumption of food and oxygen , growth , sensation , and dozens of other things !
we will have to do several nano treatments during her growth spurts to enable her spine to repair itself .
however , the best treatment is to reduce her natural growth hormone to ensure her body grows at a controlled rate so we can adjust her spine properly .
so if you reduce the growth hormone , she will grow slower , and will not reach her normal height .
the only way they could heal it properly was to deny my body full growth hormone .
is it true , what aya said , about her growth being medically stunted ?
it was an unexpected side effect of the reduced growth hormone .
for cancer was cellular replication gone wild ; it was precisely this growth that killed the organism afflicted by cancer .
fifteen generations have passed since the ship left , and the logs say that the sun was causing the water to evaporate due to its growth .
there was no way to reverse the suns growth .
perhaps then it had been a combination of karma and the stars growth intersecting in just the right way , along with their forgetfulness .
if i bore something that had been inside me , a part of me , an expectation of wondrous beauty and warmth , a symbiotic growth of shared blood and organs , only to witness the abomination that was me , i would probably have reacted in the same manner .
finally , convinced that the voice was telling the truth , cletus was especially pleased to discover that his organ growth was real .
the men had their hair combed , and several had shaved off the months of beard growth .
but we ca n't give it to them because that critical window of time has passed : we ca n't go back and flush from the fetus the chemicals that interfered with its development ; we ca n't go back and provide the baby with the nutrients required for growth ; we ca n't go back and give the child the safety and attention that would have led to a secure personality .
the text was equally so : the use of certain drugs during pregnancy , both illegal and legal , can cause , in the newborn , excruciating pain , vomiting , inability to sleep , reluctance to feed , diarrhea leading to shock and death , severe anemia , growth retardation , mental retardation , central nervous system abnormalities , and malformations of the kidneys , intestines , head and spinal cord .
but she ca nt draw back : growth is painful , sometimes .
as for the psychological growth based on the child - parent relationship , the utilization of androids with parental characteristics is a well - established practice as an alternative to humans .
your growth will be tumultuous . ''
the elected clowns call this growth ; it is very necessary , oh yes .
he must have been between fifty and sixty years of age , although if excessive hair growth in the ears and nostrils is a reliable indicator , sixty would be nearer the mark .
my original plan was to stretch my muscles to simulate the damage caused by regular strain that stimulates muscle growth .
gh - growth hormone , or hgh - human growth hormone , or somatotropin , which brings on cell growth and cell proliferation 2 .
gh - growth hormone , or hgh - human growth hormone , or somatotropin , which brings on cell growth and cell proliferation 2 .
gh - growth hormone , or hgh - human growth hormone , or somatotropin , which brings on cell growth and cell proliferation 2 .
at her first stop for fuel she gave her money to a sleepy looking man in early middle age with the porcupine - like sprouting of a few days beard growth .
that mean it was very cold and remained dark , which produced no growth .
i supposed he was about twelve now and had nt hit his growth spurt .
what you want to know about is controlled cellular growth , accelerated controlled cellular growth .
what you want to know about is controlled cellular growth , accelerated controlled cellular growth .
using your shockhaven you guide the growth of your own cells into the form that you want .
it 's the same as healing yourself , and while manipulating cell growth does require a certain level of precision , but it 's nothing in comparison to elemental summoning for creation .
regardless of his reasoning , or my growing number of questions , i was glad that we were starting with the seemingly easier task of controlled cell growth .
dr . elliott hinder administered a growth hormone to the fetus .
it had several deformities which dr . elliot hinder contributed to the cross of the dna , but dr . john goode contributed to the accelerated growth hormone .
he was already in pain from the extreme growth .
about one weeks worth of growth is there .
nisha typed , ` ` 2 = 1 + 1 3 = 2 + 1 love = passion + intimacy + romance + friendship + like love = like * 50 love = friendship * 20 love = passion * 10 love = intimacy * 5 love = romance * 2 love = love + time love + time = family love + time = growth love + time = commitment . ''
gizmo had gone through a growth spurt and by the age of 15 , he was six feet tall , so he no longer looked his age .
branches made of light covered it like a head of hair , the black veins inside fueling its growth .
he absorbed their organs , skin , bone and muscle to feed the growth of his new form , discarding the burnt parts he did n't need .
the flowers are in various states of growth , from budding leaves , to pathetic withered twigs .
perhaps i was an approval seeker , i recalled doing the same thing with my father , working as hard as i could , going the extra mile , not for self growth , but doing it all in the hopes he would have more faith in his son , and now i was repeating the pattern with smith .
my cells were working overtime , as they sped up and started releasing large amounts of calcium deposits around the growth plate , allowing both humerus and ulna to grow in length and width until they had doubled in size .
the fingertip of my right hand is very hypersensitive from the recent of tissue growth .
kions height may be due to genes , but the fact that he left terras environment at a young age may have stunted his growth as well .
bubbles formed inside of its skin until bones broke through popping , the growth with a wet spray of miasma .
the carbon dioxide levels required for decent growth were supplied and kept elevated by a system of raised transparent tents .
hell have his growth spurt and hell be ahead of you by then .
there were speculations that the unnatural gravity provided by the powered floors created slight growth distortions in children .
there s more to growth than height .
i ' m a bit of a moving target cos my bump keeps growing , but their outfits have ample space for growth .
take us elsewhere , where the air is heavy with the perfume of fertility , growth , and decay : the stuff of life !
there must have been a hundred of those albums , largely devoted to her son doing unexceptional things at various stages of growth .
still unsettled , he kept his minds eye transfixed on the trees within the forest , incapable of discerning the growth of one conifer branch from the other .
steffor would have fallen victim to his growth at that moment if not for the hedgerow barrier that halted and contained his commitment to eternal expansion .
i would say his lack of nourishment has already affected his growth seeing as he s at least twelve and just starting puberty , but he still looks nine .
to the utter delight of many 22nd century linguists ( and profound surprise of many others ) , genetic changes had been identified in humans that regulated brain growth which lead to the formation of neural circuits which effectively implemented a cognitive algorithm capable of recursive operations .
the micronites had accelerated and guided the growth and structure of the organisms while simultaneously adding more and more sophisticated articulation and integrated weaponry .
dierdra was sent to daikon ; her amulet was a wooden wand that represented growth .
one definition might be : ` ` the condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter , including the capacity for growth , reproduction , functional activity , and continual change preceding death . ''
this is defined as : trophic hormone is a hormone that has a growth effect , hyperplasia or hypertrophy , on the tissue it is stimulating .
the term trophic is from ancient greek ( trophiks ) meaning ` ` pertaining to food or nourishment '' , here used to mean ` ` growth '' ; this is the same origin as atrophy .
hours passed as the spiders inside healed every muscle fiber and then stimulated new growth in damaged ligaments .
in all your strength and growth , give yourself the chance to be a part of an ideal greater than yourself , and endure the cost that it puts in your way .
redgarn had just a second to understand that the growth of the fire serpents was going to intensify , and speeden .
when guidance for their growth was needed , it set these tenders upon those worlds that the plant born of free will may become stronger and longer lasting .
` ` as soon as you hear anything about our cellular growth lattice , let me know . ''
they were created in the lab and their growth accelerated , much like we do with our organs . ''
one of the scientists began to speak , ` ` it took some time to find the right combination of conditions to accelerate an entire body 's growth . ''
thanks to bbm 's cell growth technology , they were aged and then the long process of giving them our knowledge began . ''
` ` growth acceleration or not , tank time should n't count . ''
finally , a man wearing a crumpled dress shirt and a few days worth of facial growth entered and dropped a stack of papers onto the table .
the individual then dropped to the ground on all fours as their arms and legs bulged due to the violent muscular growth .
that is a lot of phytoplankton that is either dead or will see severe effects to its metabolism , its growth rate , and its photosynthetic capability , in other words its ability to produce oxygen .
is the inhibition death a pathological cessation of growth ? ''
` ` and how long after growth 's cessation does death follow ? ''
earthmen live up to seventy years after the cessation of growth .
your equivalent disease is rather one of unrestrained growth .
he said , ` ` yes , i know that , but i mean your particular specialty is growth .
did n't you once tell me you had done work on growth ? ''
it is a reverse disease ; one of unrestrained growth .
` ` it 's all very well to say that if we could remove the parasite , we would have eternal growth and life if we wanted it ; or at least until we got tired of being too big or of living too long , and did away with ourselves neatly .
if for any reason the parasitic intelligence , as harg tholan calls it , does leave the human body , or if its relationship to the human mind is in any way impaired , growth does take place , but not in any orderly fashion .
we call the growth cancer .
cancer could not be , as drake had said , a disease that was an expression of a lost ability for normal growth .
cancer had nothing to do with the presence or absence of normal growth ; it was the general disease of life , to which no tissue of no multicellular organism was completely immune .
` ` i have my friends , the trees and the lawns and all the animal life - forms to keep me company , and growth to encourage in geometric form , even in the winter .
it 's enough to stunt your growth and curdle your circulation .
although she knew no more than anybody else about the growth patterns of neanderthal children , miss fellowes started to think now that he probably was older than she had originally thought , definitely closer to four years of age than three .
so their visits became less frequent ; someone came in once a week to measure timmie 's growth and ask a few routine questions and take some photographs , but that was all .
with many living things , the cessation of growth is the first step toward death .
` ` so they force the growth of artificial hair ? ''
odrade spoke up : ` ` this is a very young child , growth incomplete .
the demonata will cut short their growth .
` ` i do n't know why , but i can guess it was compensatory growth .
` ` compensatory growth , yeah , but i do n't find one word about large axon collaterals .
there was really no such thing as being cured ; the ` ` illness '' was life itself , and a constant growth ( or rather a viable growing adaptation ) had to continue , or psychic stagnation would result .
zimivic had always explained that his too - small suits were tailored to give the impression of an eager , healthy child , as if the tight fit were the result of a recent growth spurt .
conclusions within growth , stops within the flow .
` ` yet he has seriously hampered their growth , '' plussix said , ` ` and perhaps brought about this decline he is so intent on avoiding . ''
` ` the function of psychohistory is to actively constrain human growth and variation , until the species achieves its long - delayed maturity .
the god emperor other than some small increments of growth , we note little change in the bodily characteristics of the lord leto .
the tunnel anticipated his maximum growth and the requirements of a royal cart which , at that time , had been only a figment of his visions , in the early predawn hours of the day assigned to siona , leto descended to the crypt and gave orders to his guard that he was not to be disturbed by anyone .
let it come after the boy had a growth of years , when the two of them could cast the man in black aside like a cheap wind - up toy .
the lad 's muscular development showed such definite progress - moving in the growth of sensitive muscle and nerve links - all of the prana - bindu marvels for which the sisterhood was so famous .
they might have no predators in the contemporary world , no checks on their growth .
and we ' ve done everything we can to promote growth , and accelerate development into adulthood . ''
with at least a day 's growth of whiskers , his face was roguishly handsome and finely boned .
now , it was a fact that often the first signs of the insidious growth of the schizophrenic process in a person was an inability to eat in public .
she showed some stunting of growth but no mental retardation .
` ` unfortunately , at this point our genetic interventions have prevented the growth of teeth altogether , but we 'll solve that . ''
machinery for controlled fermentation , for controlled microbial growth .
those kettles in the next room were indeed tanks for controlled microbial growth .
i found her in the biology lab , hunched over a computer monitor , looking at images of white bacterial growth on dark red media .
` ` that 's normal coliform growth , '' she said .
` ` that 's not normal growth , '' she said , shaking her head .
` ` and high temperatures accelerate growth . ''
the previous screen showed more pictures of bacterial growth .
and then a table of growth data over the last twelve hours .
had n't hit my growth spurt yet , and it was spring , and we were having this school olympics .
i ' m not the same woman he fell in love with , turns ago , but love is delightfully tensile - and the best kind pulls and stretches to accommodate new growth .
` ` we can estimate the date from coral growth with great accuracy .
i checked the sea fans , too , because they seemed to have an unusual radial growth pattern .
for example , crop failureif anything , increased carbon dioxide stimulates plant growth .
bandage wounded areas , apply a denocax salve to encourage new skin growth .
that sort of growth required relentless nourishment , and there was damned little nourishment to be had in the arc 16 experimental station .
and the blood of animals would sustain the avalanche of his growth for only so long .
very soon he was going to need human blood , or the pace of his growth would first slow , then stop .
c ) microbiology , with all facilities for growth , nutrient , analytic , immunologic studies .
they would examine the capsule minutely and culture everything onto growth media .
nothing that might provide a bacterial growth medium .
the reasons were still unclear , but the results unequivocal : space could affect reproduction and growth .
in either case , they would take samples for analysis , plating out the scrapings and swabs onto growth media .
inside each dish was a thin layer of growth medium .
the wildfire project employed almost every known growth medium .
then there were forty - three specialized culture media , including those for growth of tubercule bacilli and unusual fungi , as well as the highly experimental media , designated by numbers : me-997 , me-423 , me - a12 , and so on .
do you suppose that 's a nonspecific growth response , or a trophic response to injury and irradiation ? ` `
the order of stringing determined the nature of the protein -- whether it was insulin , hemoglobin , or growth hormone .
there , within a small area , reactions were carried out that provided energy , growth , and movement .
using the growth / transmatrix program , the computer did not print out results from all possible growth combinations .
using the growth / transmatrix program , the computer did not print out results from all possible growth combinations .
their first conclusion was that growth media did not matter at all -- the organism grew equally well on sugar , blood , chocolate , plain agar , or sheer glass .
ultraviolet light stimulated growth under all circumstances .
total darkness , and to a lesser extent infrared light , inhibited growth .
oxygen inhibited growth in all circumstances , but carbon dioxide stimulated growth .
oxygen inhibited growth in all circumstances , but carbon dioxide stimulated growth .
thus , best growth was achieved in 100 - per cent carbon dioxide , lighted by ultraviolet radiation .
poorest growth occurred in pure oxygen , incubated in total darkness .
[ graphic : an example of a scanner printout from the photoelectric eye that examined all growth media .
it does n't require growth media .
local conditions within the colony change , and check the growth of organisms .
the two men were at a loss to explain how so simple an organism could utilize energy for growth .
it inhibited growth .
to hall : ` ` we know that oxygen inhibits growth of the andromeda strain .
he was excited as he punched in instructions for the growth program into the computer ; he had to punch in the directions three times ; his fingers kept making mistakes .
on the display screen , he saw what he wanted : growth of andromeda as a function of ph , of acidity - alkalinity .
the results were quite clear : [ graphic : colony growth versus ph , bell shaped curve centered at ph 7.41 and dying at 7.39/7.43 ] the andromeda strain grew within a narrow range .
if the medium for growth was too acid , the organism would not multiply .
but that was all right -- you could go either way , too much acid or too little -- as long as you got out of the growth range of andromeda . ''
other deaths followed , too , at times feeding the blue kelp into an incredible spurt of growth .
he had seen the earth from this huge height ( and it had somehow been more dizzying and distorting than the vision of growth which had come upon him shortly before the end of his time with the man in black , because what he had seen through the door had been no vision ) , and what little remained of his attention had registered the fact that the land he was seeing was neither desert nor sea but some green place of incredible lushness with interstices of water that made him think it was a swamp , butd what little remained of your attention , the voice of cort mimicked savagely .
' it 's physically less than three hours old , its growth retarded by controlled nitrate respiration .
they watched the gauges as the krebs cycle began rising -87.0 ... 87.3 ... 87.8 ... 88.5 ... . 89.4 ... 90.5 ... 91.9 ... now , potter told himself , the irreversible movement of growth has started .
chemical mutagens administered at this point could shock it into a spun of growth or destroy it .
svengaard imagined all the embryos in there ( twenty - one at the morning count ) their cells reaching ' out , doubling and redoubling and re - redoubling in the strange ecstasy of growth -becoming unique , distinct , discrete individuals .
i watched jamie shoot up in a sudden growth spurt , always skin and bones .
the response of the human body to administered growth hormone is not ascertainable ; even the best extracts are poorly tolerated and often give aberrant results .
a poison that , without destroying the pituitary gland , destroyed , little by little , its ability to maintain growth .
in growth is life .
as death resides in stillness , avata strives for stillness in growth , a balance of flux , and avata lives .
all we get is accelerated growth to maturity .
` ` we can continue an e - clone 's growth , the aging , actually , and arrive at any age you want .
` ` check on possible relationship between waxing of alki and growth of ' lectrokelp .
everything from the grazing cycles of the biota to the distribution of trace metals , everything fits the growth demands of the kelp .
her left hand rested lightly on her abdomen and she was certain that the hand felt the growth of the fetus .
there was no concealing the rapidity of that growth , but she tried not to think about it .
she dropped her hands and pressed them against her abdomen , as though this pressure would stop the terrible speed of that growth within her .
the physical requirements for the cellular growth ar ... . very large . ''
` ` this is made to excise unnatural growth from a healthy body .
there was language in him from some genetic well and although he could not speak until growth caught up with what had been born in him , he knew those words .
this was not the free - flowing , action - dictated environment of an island , where the idiosyncrasies of organic growth directed the kind of changes that flaunted individuality .
twisp had heard that some mermen grew beards and the beard - gene cropped up occasionally among islanders , but this luxurious growth was something new .
behind a three - day growth of beard , his face was haggard and spattered with mud .
it 's the marsupial solution - most of the growth occurs outside the mother 's body .
his face is stubbled with what might be a week 's growth of beard ; the bristles look very black against the unnatural silver of his skin .
it 's as if reality is on the verge of liquefying , and she thinks she knows why : tak 's long period of preparation and quiet growth is over .
his co - pilot was ten years younger , with a luxuriant growth of red hair spilling out from under his cap .
he caused a mutation , a new cell growth !
today what you will notice is no growth of chitinous shell or brain - shield or loss of fingernails and toenailscyou did n't know that , i bet ! cbut only a slight but very , very important change in the frontal lobe ... it will smart ; that is a pun , you know ?
` ` david says that white edge is bacterial growth .
and the carving had not been touched , perhaps because the heat of the candles had suppressed the growth of mold .
mundo looked years younger than his chronological age ; both mental and physical growth processes had ceased for him long ago .
lady allendale herself paused , near the edge ; she had last seen temeraire some ten weeks after his hatching , before he had reached his full growth or even sprouted his ruff .
he looked crazy ; he had a week 's growth of beard ; food was crusted around his mouth ; one eye had recently been blackened , and a boil , an angry red carbuncle , was coming up on the side of his nose ; he was filthy , covered in a black , encrusted dirt which filled his pores and lived under his fingernails ; his eyes were red and bleary , his hair was matted and snarled .
it prevented abe from seeing what he would have noticed , in an instant : that the growth sarah had experienced was exactly the same amount abe himself had diminished ; and that , if you could measure anything as insubstantial as that , it would have been exactly the same size and scope as the daughter they 'd lost .
a young man , not very tall but gangly with recent growth , perhaps sixteen , came through the opening and folded himself into the low - roofed chamber while laurence stared at him blankly : he was oriental .
laurence ought to have been glad of it : shorter odds by far , against one youth not yet at his full growth .
dorian knew it now : ares had designed the entire process partly for him - for dorian 's own growth .
` ` one type of mold - the one with glowing hyphae - gets its energy from hydrogen sulfide in the trace volcanic gases , but its rate of growth is too fast to attribute to the amount of gas present .
the main purpose of the research in this building was to measure the seasonal rate of growth and erosion of the ice pack , measuring the heat budget of the arctic .
` ` you know those things will stunt your growth . ''
when dominant species are removed by either logging or burning , it allows for the growth of what are termed ' suppressed species , ' the smaller shrubs and plants .
` ` like some form of controlled cancer growth ?
to discover the mechanism for this controlled growth ?
it looks almost like a tadpole whose growth was arrested at the stage where gills were still present and only its hind legs had formed .
here , the prions seemed capable of temporarily altering the human immune system , allowing for the proliferative growth necessary for regeneration and rapid healing .
they can be found in the growth of blood vessels , the pattern of alveoli in our lungs , the shape of our kidneys , even the branching of the dendrites in our brain .
` ` since the time of the explosion , there have also been interesting biological consequences noted in the region : an accelerated growth of certain ferns , an increase in the rate of mutations , including genetic abnormalities in the seeds and needles of pine trees and even ant populations .
accelerated growth in molds .
then he spread a thriving population onto a growth plate where the only food source was lactose .
under the dome of the conservatory , nature was snipped , strangled , and bred , its growth stunted with copper bonsai wire , its very pollination orchestrated by hand .
new incubation ovens , anaerobic growth media , blood culture plates .
between injections of androgens and growth hormone , along with vigorous exercise , he fought as adamantly as anyone to hold back time .
from studies done at harvard university on rats , we know that tms devices promote the growth of neurons - though , oddly , only in areas involved with learning and memory .
` ` so if i understand this all correctly , someone has wired such a device to the child , stimulated nerve growth in a specific area , and now controls its functioning like a switch . ''
ivar had studied the limits to growth in great detail , mapping out its charts and data .
only then did monk recognize the growth medium for the mushrooms .
by killing the host , the fungus was creating its own fertilizer , its own growth medium . ''
he kept himself fit enough with calcium and bisphosphonate supplements , along with a series of experimental growth hormones .
better that than waiting decades to study this child 's growth .
colt - thin from adolescent growth and a life in low g , his thinness was improbable to begin with .
` ` maybe i should keep these ... '' a small , unkempt - looking man with salt - and - pepper hair , chinese features , and a week 's growth of beard walked up to them and nodded nervously .
he had taken the normal low - g medical supplements to encourage bone growth .
it encouraged bone growth and fought off the worst of the effects low - gravity environments had on childhood development .
they were both spending the entire trip back pumped full of muscle and bone growth stimulators , but drugs can only take a person so far .
the shape was chipped at the edges , marked with hair - thin lines in patterns that might have been ideograms or patterns of fungal growth or both .
loading up on bone and muscle growth hormones , working out under a full g until their bodies would be able to handle the slightly heavier - than - earth gravity of the planet .
once the organism got into the vitreous humor , it 's in a novel environment that seems to suit it really well , and exponential growth 's pretty normal in those conditions .
explosive growth is something you see in any kind of invasive species coming into a new environment .
if the invading organism followed the same growth curve as yeast ...
we have one man with no growth . ''
` ` even if it were only massively delayed growth , i know what the early signs should look like .
the smell of growth and decay .
he realized the human genome , which is essentially the entirety of our heredity information , which programs cell growth , was changing , becoming corrupted . ''
it stunts their growth , turns them into freaks .
` ` chalize is a youngling , with most of her growth ahead of her .
` ` when your growth spurt ends , you 're going to get fat as a blimp , '' kendra predicted .
` ` when my growth spurt ends , i wo n't eat as much , '' he said , wolfing down the last of his pancakes .
her growth has slowed over the years , but yes , she may one day become too colossal for her current confines .
we have been using that well for many weeks now , and it is time for you to learn the second , the power of growth .
several weeks ' growth .
he also had several weeks of growth on his face , though the beard was blond , speckled black .
we knew only what we had gleaned from mom 's rare but unsettling bedtime stories about the ` ` mushroom dwellers of ambergris , '' and a brief description from a book for children that had delighted and unnerved us simultaneously : fifty mushroom dwellers now spilled out from the alcove gateway , macabre in their very peacefulness and the even hum - thrum of their breath : stunted in growth , wrapped in robes the pale gray - green of a frog 's underbelly , their heads hidden by wide - brimmed gray felt hats that , like the hooded tops of their namesakes , covered them to the neck .
the main reason i can be so certain is that he startled several years ' growth out of me the first time he did it .
aphrael had said that sephrenia 's suffering would be necessary as a prelude to some kind of growth .
as a result of his rapid growth , talen ate almost constantly now .
' she was about fifteen at the time and had n't reached her full growth .
the lad was shorter than duck , but his lanky build suggested that he had not yet come into his full growth .
` ` the pit has slowed their growth . ''
i was still halfway through my growth spurt back then ; my body was thinner and smaller , and i had no trouble squeezing my way through their myriad of tunnels .
john is thirteen , just barely starting his growth spurt .
were there drugs that stunted hair growth ?
` ` i am approaching my growth spurt .
martian soil has the basic building blocks needed for plant growth , but there 's a lot of stuff going on in earth soil that mars soil does n't have , even when it 's placed in an earth - atmosphere and given plenty of water .
there are dozens of species of bacteria living in earth soil , and they 're critical to plant growth .
beck tried not to think about the painful reason he was doing zero - g plant growth experiments .
singular regulatory element meanings : petal : future , growth , blossoming , attractiveness , spreading ovule : ( small egg ) present , gestation , inner - growth , potential , birth , rebirth locule : ( little place ) past , compartmentalised , clinging , conservative , restrained , boxed - in double regulatory elements meanings : if two similar regulatory elements ( ie .
singular regulatory element meanings : petal : future , growth , blossoming , attractiveness , spreading ovule : ( small egg ) present , gestation , inner - growth , potential , birth , rebirth locule : ( little place ) past , compartmentalised , clinging , conservative , restrained , boxed - in double regulatory elements meanings : if two similar regulatory elements ( ie .
this troll looked like it could use a couple more years of growth .
ming spends his money on importing bottles of red and white wine from a product , growth from red and white fruit grapes inside a couple of the western ecospheres .
each mind is interfacing their single tele ability into the physical brain matter , which is a two day growth process .
the growth of healthy muscle , red blood flow through the veins , all mend the skin tissues .
stems are primal cells found in all multi - cellular organisms that retain the ability to renew themselves through cell division , growth and transformation into specialized cells with characteristics consistent of various tissues such as muscles or nerves through cell culture rather than the traditional harvesting medical procedure .
like i understand all the medical and surgery terms the bio - medical robots use during the operation and growth of the organ for rann from my blood as i extend gingerly my left arm .
these medical techo - wonders for imaging any and all human body parts and treating any and all diseases have saved countless life forms from toddlers to teens tomoms by delivering a set of selected beams of energetic electrons attacking and destroying any and all malignant tumors thus stopping the cancer growth inside the brain , head , neckand other spots .
he supposed this was part of growth .
his grossly overstretched body had finally reached a point where it could nt take any more growth .
i think , probably , they retained the there are nt really any words for this , so even though its nowhere near an accurate description , lets call it physical essence they retained the physical essence , but not what we shall have to make do with calling mind thoughts , powers , as well as a sense of purpose , such as youth , growth , and future .
beth burned with the irony of the terms youth and growth .
he was leaner , muscular , and had gone through a growth spurt since the last time i had seen him .
my hair growth had slowed down , but it continued to thicken .
once twenty - one , growth can only be triggered by procreation .
even so , their degree of growth is only a fraction compared to that of humans .
instead of calling me out for my bad table manners she just jokes , ` ` i guess someone is about to have a growth spurt . ''
the oils on your fingers could alter their growth .
it passed across his face gently and ruffled through the two weeks growth of facial hair .
according to maloree , jesse had nt hit his growth spurt yet , as apparently the tynans were willowy and tall , whereas jesse was barely five - and - a - half feet .
my gaze drifted over to the doorframe where dad had charted our growth every year .
my father died just after he was born , and i tried my best to guide his growth often to little avail .
15 new life 16 finding friends 17 the concert 18 summer vacation 19 ambers summer 20 coming home 21 anxiety and pressure 22 first day of school 23 making a difference 24 dilemmas and slammed doors 25 growth and contribution 26 selling cakes 27 nightmares 28 a first time for everything 29 the concert 30 free falling 31 the talk 32 christmas sneak peek - larva high school 2 about the authors a note from mia & stine : chapter 1 expectations and fears lets make a pact .
chapter 25 growth and contribution after a week back at school , jack felt great .
mentallyi would say that was minimal growth , but i am biased and self - critical .
i would prefer the egg honey , i replied even if the family doctor had warn that egg was not too healthy for a man of my age , but should be served to michael and jessinta for their growth instead but i love eggs .
then he went through a growth spurt in eight grade and bam instant heartthrob .
his face was rough with beard growth , maybe three or four days worth .
his skin under the stubble of a days beard growth was gray and blotched with low red bumps .
he was taller than she was , his body at that awkward stage that comes after a growth spurt .
austin briefly wondered if her own growth process would be slowed by her diluted blood , or if the reverse would happen .
this was when i saw the growth in him .
his freckles were coming out in the spring sunshine and i thought the country air had done wonders for his growth .
it was an act of rebellion that had afforded him the opportunity to linger in the growth pods late one day as the work day had ended .
a man with a couple days growth of beard answered the door .
without growth .
there were several reasons for this : peter had just finished his last growth spurt the previous summer , and now stood an awkward five foot ten , with shoulder blades protruding where the flesh and muscle had yet to catch up with the rest of him .
he was skinny like peter , as if his body had simply never filled out after his last growth spurt .
luckily for me , evangelines passport picture was taken when she was ten and so there was a little leeway for growth .
his facial growth was sexy as hell ; his shaggy , dirty blonde hair , chopped and straight , fell around his eyebrows and collar .
dr . maxwell recommends slowing the growth with chemotherapy and radiation .
i flip the pages to my sixth - grade growth spurt .
to natalia , billy was a juicy prime - rib example of how bovine growth hormone ; high fructose corn syrup ; monosodium glutamate ; and us red food dye # 6 ( not to mention ' sunset yellow # 4 ' ) had combined to ruin american society in the modern age .
then , in one month , he had a big growth spurt and grew as tall as jonsen .
at the end of freshman year i d finally hit my growth spurt .
even more have their growth stunted from malnutrition .
and when that day comes i hope you never have to feel the pain of not being able to say for sure if drug use during your developmental years stunted your growth , lowered your iq or exasperated your panic disorder .
and though only a sophomore in high school , growth needed to happen now , as far as he was concerned .
despite some of the positive things that pregnancy was doing to her body such as increased hair and nail growth , it also had it negatives .
her scalp itched , signalling the growth of new hair - snakes .
its supposed to help with hair growth .
three jynngeons operated on my brother for a month , and they re still unable to reverse the hair growth .
the boy who you covered in a lifetime supply of hair growth elixir because he dared show a little decency to an ungrateful rodent and invite you to the festival of lights .
they ll inject it with growth therapy , and it ll be good as new .
his skin looks so soft except for the tiny growth of hair across his chin , his face is thin and he looks tired .
he replies smiling , eldeen made a pact with the ferimiah , two witches who gave him the elixir which accelerated your growth .
an immortal soul is perhaps one of the most powerful elements in our world , and therefore it has to be protected until it reaches the final step of its growth .
jinji pushed away , careening back and out , immediately crossing her arms over her considerably smaller chest to keep them flattened and contained , as if the mere proximity to the busty women around her would somehow spurn them into growth .
it ll accelerate skin growth , keep the sides of the cut together , and wo nt leave a scar .
she must have had a growth spurt since last time i d seen her .
we love beautiful colors and physical growth and warmth as we express through flowers , among other things , he said , his voice rising with pleasure .
the cover page read : swarming behavior of infected another one titled : hunting techniques / behavior of nano - virus more papers titled : mutations of oz virus and accelerated growth project salvation all of them had been written by doctor michael hunter .
dad was worried about my sudden and early growth into a surly teenager .
in contrast , he d actually hit a growth spurt and seemed to build muscle effortlessly .
comfort in some ways can be a hindrance to growth .
not only was there no sign of fungus , there was no sign of any habitat that might encourage its growth .
eventually , we were able to see eye to eye and i followed his guidance and i grew exponentially and it was threw the witnessing of that growth that my siblings got on board .
control of the breath and emotions was a focal point to growth as we became older .
the government had created technology to gauge spiritual growth , but my parents were ten steps ahead as they have been since the president 's address .
i looked into the mirror and smiled at the growth of hair on my face .
wyatts beard was tough after several days growth .
* * * philippa had told her parents she wanted the commemorative bookmark ribbons to be green , to symbolise growth , but when it came to it , pip was their child the child of both of them and , though they were willing to let her say that nothing mattered , to them it mattered desperately !
she rubbed her belly more than once as they spoke and imagined the growth beginning .
well , as i have said on the letters , i have been testing golden marshgrass on animals and i have found it stunts their growth .
i think much of the difficulties you re having now are the consequences of you discarding and simplifying ; it can be traumatic , but its part of the growth process and what your doing takes courage .
under such conditions any growth would only be morbid .
pleasure too , and growth are equally profound expressions of lifes fullness .
just below the human world gotama walked around and pointed with his stick , is a spirit world , full of tormented creatures cut short or prevented from growth and development .
mr . randall had a healthy growth spurt in his teen years , but as a boy , he was a small child .
three days growth on his face that makes him look tough and rugged , but not unattractively so .
the professor told me that the disease twisted her spine hard to one side and stunted her growth .
this is because people who ca nt afford to hire gardeners are forced to tend to their lawns entirely on their own ( if you can believe it ) , and some of them do nt even use professional grade growth stimulants ( these people exist i assure you ) .
once he offered to one of his guinea mice a sip of some strange green liquid , which by the fact that it soon grew more than twice its size , turned out to be an experimental growth hormone .
he was clean shaven , but a shadow of beard growth was still visible .
the oldest of the men , don miguel lopez , a tall , lean man with the leathery complexion that came from a lifetime outdoors , had his left hand resting on the shoulder of a ten - year - old boy , already lanky from the summers growth spurt that had left him all arms and legs , an alien in an unfamiliar body .
her blond hair seemed to float around her , and the light growth of hair on her arms made them appear veiled in smoke .
loved it until i hit my growth spurt , then i got tired of people expecting me to be michael jordan .
the walls were covered with pictures of a younger hammond and a pretty blonde woman i assumed was his wife , along with framed photos documenting the growth of a cute blonde girl who grew into a cute blonde woman with two cute blonde babies .
before we go any further , mr short , are there any problems or impediments to your current growth anything that we might be able to help you with ?
i was aware that females seem to age much quicker physically as of late - a phenomenon i often blamed on the transmission of growth hormones injected into the livestock to expedite growth in order to meet today 's high demand - but her demeanour did not reflect her age .
i was aware that females seem to age much quicker physically as of late - a phenomenon i often blamed on the transmission of growth hormones injected into the livestock to expedite growth in order to meet today 's high demand - but her demeanour did not reflect her age .
they did nt even glance at st cloud and his three - day growth , his slept - in clothes , his shineless shoes , his blue carrier bag .
i do not know , but find a little comfort in the thought that some unknown force must control these dynamics , just as the known cycle of organic growth and decay drives physical life .
i know him for a long time and despite his blabla on natural growth and common sense , i just know that he hates coincidence .
their principal areas of interests are oncology , tissue growth and repair , infectious diseases and immunology , said solito .
the doctor said that it was normal , that allergies subside with growth , and problems disappear .
` ` gentlemen , please , '' he said , feigning irritation , as he stood there with his unruly hair and three - day growth of stubble .
i sported a full growth of facial hair that brought with it a crawling itch and a soft irritation at the corners of my mouth .
no one said teen rebellion is all sweetness , and there is a reason why growth is necessary .
her eyes were serious and tender simultaneously , raw and alive as an animals ; whether it was my altered perception or her own growth , i could nt tell .
he wipes his hand over several days growth of beard but he holds her hand gently .
the room you are about to see has all the elements of a gene gun lab , a plant tissue culture lab , and a growth chamber .
since its inception decades ago , grounduphas focused on inhibiting the production of the enzyme epsp , which is vital for the plant to manufacture amino acids necessary for metabolic growth .
they regulate soil processes such as structure , organic matter decomposition , nutrient cycling , plant growth , and so forth .
their burrows in the soil allow better root penetration by plants , and they also increase microbial activity of microorganisms such as mycorrhizl fungi which promote plant growth .
from the beginning we have detected slight variations to the fetuses growth rate and structure .
she did , however , find out how to release the cocoon stasis hold and begin the life cycle of the synthetic vehicles growth .
such studies concerning my age in relation to a humans growth rate were performed and carried out by experts , whom i was told , i would never meet .
as she tinkered with the insect growth stimulating equipment , it was obvious she was in deep thought .
evolution was not how you or i were created because evolution is the natural growth stages of living organisms from one generation to the next .
even though hal 's writing was barely readable , made up of chicken scratch hand writing and half thoughts , i was able to follow his own personal spiritual growth .
i could only speculate of some chemical growth defect which must have occurred in the lab somehow .
sam jr . had been going through a growth spurt lately , which had proven a little costly in terms of replacing clothes .
he seemed tired ; the five oclock shadow on his face was so thick , it would ve made a teenager proud to call it a months growth .
ever come across a kid so precious that you wish science had reached a point that we could cryogenically freeze the growth gene to keep them locked in youth ?
hoggard rubbed his two - day growth of beard .
after waking to the ghastly visages of those poor unfortunate creatures mounted on their polished wooden shields , i shaved off two days of growth , had a refreshing shower , and met geeza downstairs for a breakfast .
they do seem to be cast from the same mould - although having said that canada gives you a feeling of youth , growth and the immensity of life , whereas scotland has that air of untold age and the wisdom it brings is infused into every rock , loch and field lying fallow .
his jaw sported a day 's growth , giving him a somewhat shady appearance .
its going to be amazing hearing and monitoring his growth .
si , baby , i want to monitor our bebes growth .
her feigned maturity made me nervous , it was such a big , bad world out there ; i wished i could stunt her growth and keep her under the wing of my protection forever .
their discovery of a chemical compound that could control the growth of tumors was based on the gassing of an entire italian village during the second world war .
during subsequent autopsies on the victims , it was found that the gas had zapped the growth of tumors .
all around them were green plants in various states of growth , sprouting from long troughs lined from end to end .
moving fast but gingerly deeper into the darkness and away from the more spongy parts , gagging from the smell , i began to wonder if , in fact , these trees had been here originally or if the sudden collection of moisture and fertilizer had prompted their growth .
we ve started the milwaukee rabies protocol , giving him ketamine to induce a coma that protects his brain from the inflammation , and the antiviral drug amantadine to inhibit viral growth .
ill have robert test the ability of this preparation to inhibit the growth of the virus in a cell culture .
he s been able to demonstrate an antiviral effect that blocks the growth and spread of the virus .
the protesters , for all their high ideals , have been depriving your children of food you consider essential to their health and growth .
across the road , some guy with a week 's growth of stubble walked past the cop and the two arch - enemy shopkeepers and flipped the bird behind his back , before waltzing onward with a snigger .
it was not just the growth which slowed him up as much as his fear .
she was too late of course , because it had her to the bone , but she still had the power ( and the will ) to end its growth prematurely and save herself a lot of anguish and pain along the way .
the age range was 25 to 45 , on the basis of full growth plate closure but without evidence of the degenerative changes that accompanied advancing years .
while others on the team took some kind of steroid or growth hormone , lee did nt need it .
salinowsky had what appeared to be several days growth of blondish - gray beard , but his hair looked reasonably clean , manis thought .
considerable whisker growth darkened his complexion even further .
with the high possibility of increased levels of ozone on our planet , we will see a decrease in plant growth there is no question .
veronica smiled and placed her hand on matthews cheek and felt his five - day beard growth as only one side of his chapped lips curled up into a half smile .
a young man with longish hair and three days growth of beard picked up the stool and placed it next to maya , who thanked him before taking her seat .
you close down enough of those gateways , the growth accelerator can be retarded sufficiently to allow the immune system to win the battle .
the locals laughed behind his back about him informing them of an astronomer investigating the effects of the sun on weather and the effects of weather on tree growth - something they 'd already learned by experience .
heat emanated from the green , a sort of living energy , quick growth before death .
he was scruffier than when she 'd last saw him , with a good day 's growth of stubble .
remember a hard on counts as personal growth .
i m guessing that tonight was very important to see how much growth louis had actually experienced .
he showered , used the toilet , checked the growth of hair on his face in the mirror , cleaned his teeth , checked them in the same mirror .
they had growth spurts in their early teens and joseph started to become more resilient and able to fend for himself .
he turned and faced her and smiled as he watched her unzip the dress , first exposing the zip by the breast , the abdominal followed and the pubic hair was on sight now , and finally the thighs , she dropped the dress off , her eyes motionless and fixed on gilly , and jane giggled at him as his manhood started the growth .
from his place in heaven , he would watch dale 's growth into a man ; he would watch lucinda grieve and then move on and find love again .
he knew you could bleed to death in a matter of minutes from an arterial bleed and he studied the growth of the stain with interest .
the new helix is then able to bind the fragmented dna sequences and bolster healthy cell growth , thereby halting cancer growth .
the new helix is then able to bind the fragmented dna sequences and bolster healthy cell growth , thereby halting cancer growth .
there were certain physical traits about them that resembled groad , but already they were showing the natural signs of rapid kithian growth .
years of homelessness and decades of beard growth blackened his face .
his head is shaven , but shows a couple of days of growth .
maybe i d just wanted to touch him , to know he was nt some other man covered in a hideous growth of this man , that i was nt going to be devoured , forced to slosh around inside of him with other simpering , digesting victims .
certainly , when he looked in the long mirror behind the bar , he barely recognised himself : over a weeks growth of beard , his hair cropped short where he had finally removed his head bandage , and a general air of dishevelled poverty , had transformed his appearance into that of a world - weary traveller , far removed from the person he had grown to know and accept ; the person cosseted by the five star luxury world provided by a rich master .
billy turned to see a diminutive , pudgy man with three days worth of growth on his face , wearing a yankees cap .
every person he d seen in the office the past few days had asked if he was ok , the beard growth , hollow eyes and sunken cheeks scaring them .
he was a tall man with a thin face , a roman nose , hawk eyes , two days of beard growth , a face that had captured a hard life as faithfully as videotape .
standing in the middle of the room , wearing a sports jacket , a polo shirt , and a scruffy pair of black chinos was a forty - something asian guy , wearing a moustache and three days growth of beard , and a lop - sided grin .
according to gran and my mother , conspiring together , the early afternoon nap was crucial to the proper growth of a child .
he was a guy of about fifty , fleshy , wearing a dodgers t - shirt and about four days ' growth of beard .
red puffy eyes , three days ' growth , wild hair .
the army lists five groups of bw agents , including certain chemical compounds used to inhibit or destroy plant growth : micro - organisms ( bacteria , viruses , rickettsiae , fungi , protozoa ) .
it would have been just bearable if they had all been cut to the same pattern , but this range of individual fashions , this riot of personalized growth , had something particularly horrible about it against the background of nak*d round heads .
half mr solo 's own face now looked nak*d . the other half was dark with the italian swarthiness that comes from an uncontrollable beard growth .
from this foundation , katherine solomon 's research had vaulted forward , proving that ` ` focused thought '' could affect literally anything -- the growth rate of plants , the direction that fish swam in a bowl , the manner in which cells divided in a petri dish , the synchronization of separately automated systems , and the chemical reactions in one 's own body .
with the help of aggressive cycles of steroids intermixed with black - market growth hormones and endless hours of weight lifting , andros transformed himself into something he had never imagined he could be -- a perfect male specimen .
his adolescent physique and childlike face had drastically mutated when he flooded his young body with experimental growth hormones and steroids .
the doctor equated sienna 's physiological advantage to an unusually accelerated cellular growth in her brain , much like a cancer , except that it accelerated growth of beneficial brain tissue rather than dangerous cancer cells .
the doctor equated sienna 's physiological advantage to an unusually accelerated cellular growth in her brain , much like a cancer , except that it accelerated growth of beneficial brain tissue rather than dangerous cancer cells .
unchecked , they reproduce so wildly that they quickly cover the pond 's entire surface , blotting out the sun and thereby preventing the growth of the nutrients in the pond .
three months of unchecked growth had seen him outdoors every day with scythes and hoes and other unaccustomed tools in his hands .
he had long dark curly hair and a small diamond in his ear , and he somehow managed to maintain a perfect growth of three days ' worth of stubble .
he certainly looked guilty : long sloping forehead , vapid bug eyes enlarged by thick glasses , splotchy stubble from a week 's growth , a thick scar stuck to his chin - the type of face that would alarm any parent , or anyone else for that matter .
his face was pallid , the only color coming from the salt and pepper stubble of five days ' growth .
he straightened his bow tie and checked the growth of his beard .
the twig patterns of a tree , the sap spills , the algae growth - all these things change day by day .
ambler took another step toward the second , larger commando , saw the man 's sea - green eyes , dark hair , and second day 's growth of beard .
the second , somewhat more complex , demanded hair coloring , a day 's growth of beard , and another constricting bandage , this bound around his right knee so tight he could not forget the limp he had quickly perfected .
the inspectors associated such tools with specific research , primarily into brucella melintensis , a bacterium that preys on livestock , and a milk protein called casein , which stimulates high growth in various seeds .
in the second growth stages .
it was his hope to write a complete report with special emphasis on the growth factors .
some he would starve to death in order to observe how their growth slowed and stopped .
some he would actually freeze , to see how that affected their growth .
it was the thought of martin and cindy 's shared experiences : the birth of barrett , the concern about his health and fears for his survival after the premature birth , his slow growth and improvement with martin and cindy watching as parents .
` ` it is the only way to true growth , jim .
other drawings showed the same plant in various stages of growth .
they stood in the center of a large cavern teeming with the bones of abandon - at least a hundred skeletons , most still intact , their clothes having long since disintegrated in the cold storage of the cave , moist enough to support the growth of a hairy white fungus that over - spread portions of the rock like a network of capillaries .
we walked down the damp , dark lane that led to the bog , and through the thin trees we caught glimpses of the sea of cranberry , green at this stage of their growth , the knobby surfaces of the fruit bobbing in the moisture and white vapor , lapping gently against themselves .
you could follow the boy 's growth from birth to what looked like four .
` ` little alteration , except the growth of our dear children , has taken place since you left us .
his hair was thick and long , concealing half his face , and several days ' growth of beard shadowed his jaw .
it was accompanied by a definite growth spurt against her belly too .
he also had bed - head and a day 's worth of growth on his face ... and damn , but did n't he look fine , nicole thought , her knees going weak and mouth actually salivating as jake met her glance .
it is only when our people reach sexual maturity that our growth rate slows .
maybe it was the carpathian blood accelerating the growth .
because we reach full growth inside of a few months when the werewolf gene gets triggered .
it 's one hell of a growth spurt . ''
but i remembered that growth spurt - i remembered watching him shoot up and fill out right before my eyes .
jenks left my shoulder , shocking iceman out of a year 's growth when he landed on my wrist so he could see it .
plus , we discovered a lot of growth accelerant in the shooter 's remains . ''
` ` accelerant - at least in the tests currently being done on animals - is used to fast - track growth so the scientists can see what problems the clone might have when it reaches middle years . ''
` ` jack says there was an enormous amount of growth accelerant in the body of the vamp they discovered in quinn 's plane .
when cloning was first being explored back in the twentieth century - well before the growth accelerant was discovered - it was noted that cloned species seemed to have age - related problems . ''
three years of growth , i guess .
his face was rough with a full day 's growth .
within weeks i was five centimetres taller , aching all over from growth pains .
i told anthony , who was now almost as tall as his sister - his recent growth spurt was alarming , to say the least - that it was his job to protect her .
were they feeding them experimental growth hormones ?
jacob had been nearly as klutzy as me with his never - ending growth spurt .
i could see the slow minute beginnings of decay of the various flowers , and it seemed but another strain of the same song that expressed their growth , their browning edges but another color in no contradiction to their brilliant colors .
` ` if youare my brother - and i ' m not a hundred per cent convinced - then whatever disease stunted your growth also affected your brain .
i see the growth patterns in a line of vine : bursts of it each rainy season .
hell , a banshee usually has a kid once every hundred years or so , so if mia is thinking another one in five years , she must have a really good way to keep from killing people to support her daughter 's growth ... '' my words drifted to nothing .
` ` you think this mess will stunt his growth , mennie ? ''
he also had three days ' growth of beard on his face , which made him look a lot older .
had been since his growth spurt last summer .
of course there 's gregory own doctor , who pumps him up with human growth hormone and special protein drinks and anything else he can to keep his youth and strength , and they do have some kind of hospital room so that if gregory runs a temperature one degree above normal , his doctor can examine him in it , but there are no laboratories as such , not as far as i know . ''
i ' m not trying to trick him by praising his sensibilities or his growth or his capacity to love others .
` ` you are so , so sweet , '' eve said , standing on tiptoe to kiss his lips and nuzzle his cheeks , a little rough and darkened by two days ' growth of beard and smudges of dirt , but she did n't care .
like some mammals , a bori 's physical growth meant they had strength far beyond their emotional growth .
like some mammals , a bori 's physical growth meant they had strength far beyond their emotional growth .
the rush of adrenaline and endorphins and other hormones blotted out whatever pain shrieking bones forced through evolutionary growth in an instant might bring .
i suddenly remembered my rank - smelling sweats and two days ' growth of beard , and kept my jacket zipped .
the boys in my family might hit their growth spurts late , but when we hit them , we hit them .
all that growth , in about two weeks time .
` ` i ' ve heard caffeine stunts your growth , '' i told him .
` ` their growth is limited .
adapting to loss is a big step toward growth .
it 's a horrible , cruel step toward growth .
i noticed his five o'clock shadow was looking more like a three - day growth .
` ` excessive hair growth is never funny . ''
my fangs throbbed against my gums , signaling their imminent growth .
plants loved magic ; it spurred their growth like supercharged miracle - gro , and the trees around us looked decades old , their limbs braiding into a single mass of branches .
` ` maybe you went through a growth spurt .
gideon was nodding off and pearl peered over her shoulder , golden eyes on mine and her nose crinkling as she whispered worriedly , ` ` i hope i do n't have a growth spurt , too . ''
` ` the best part was that your signature was already mixed with demon essence - due to your own stupidity , which made the growth extremely easy .
` ` i ' m pretty good at regulated fur growth . ''
you scared me out of a year 's growth !
` ` well , i think you startled me out of a year 's growth , '' she muttered irritably .
he had filled out a lot in the past three weeks , making up for the lack of growth during the years he 'd been frozen by his mother 's death .
her black knit dress was n't fancy , but it still fit well , especially with her recent growth spurt .
you must have had a growth spurt overnight . ''
` ` a growth spurt ? ''
must have had a growth spurt . ' ''
kylie wanted to believe that this was just a normal - human normal- growth spurt , but she did n't believe it .
her hair , like her boobs , must have undergone a growth spurt .
either due to her lack of sleep or the residuals from her growth spurt , kylie was n't sure .
which meant holiday had noticed the growth spurt .
` ` holiday said ... she said some female werewolves have '' -she glanced down at her breasts- '' growth spurts around this age . ''
thankfully , the growth spurt appeared to have come to an end .
then her mom noticed kylie 's ` ` growth spurt . ''
* * * call it growth , or weakness ... she did n't know which , but della finally accepted she needed to reach out for help and support .
he had always been clean shaven , but it was obvious that he was wearing a few days worth of growth now .
the tissue growth over the wound appeared quite recent .
and a virus that slows antemortem decomposition on the one hand , yet apparently causes spontaneous antemortem tissue growth on the other ? ''
he had spent more than enough time down here not to be spooked by the mere proximity to the dead ... but then he remembered the antemortem growth these corpses had exhibited .
amazing that this complox biological systom aroso out of radical ondogonous growth .
sali had gotten his growth spurt , standing at five - eleven .
` ` and it 's stunted your growth , '' marco laughed .
you will not reach full growth until age twenty - nine .
toff recalled cheedas ' words - that comesuli matured slowly and would n't reach their full growth until age twenty - nine .
` ` their bones and organs come to full growth around the age of twenty - nine , '' amara smiled at the gathering .
after her growth spurt , it took several years for her to adjust on the ice .
maybe when time starts marching forward again - even if i get swept out with it , like litter on a tide - her cheekbones will get high and she 'll have a growth spurt and her hair will turn darker .
the several days of beard growth along his jaw did not improve his grizzly adams appearance .
it speeds things up like growth and experience and love .
about as fun as watching a two hour special on fungi growth ( and yeah , i ' ve actually had to do that before ) .
indiana jones would have looked like a momma 's boy compared to the man in the leather jacket with two days ' growth of beard who walked to where my mother stood and then - horror of horrors - winked at her .
we wanted to know if different kinds of water affect the growth of plants , and so far my rainwater was making our dandelions grow faster than his little duck river water .
we watched earth develop , watched it through the times of growth and abundance when everything moved , and through the times of ice and snow when nothing did .
they would n't be the first boys to have their growth stunted by malnutrition .
stunted growth for lack of proper nutrition , i would say . ''
` ` with the proper diet , we should expect exponential growth , '' he goes on .
probably some of what she was smelling was animal shit , but it actually did n't smell that bad - just like growth and newness .
i touch his jaw and the roughness of a day 's growth scratches my skin .
as the other kids filed into english - most of the boys sporting a few days ' growth of stubble and most of the girls in copycat mona - and - hanna platform sandals and charm bracelets - aria reviewed her just - scrawled stack of note cards .
` ` he had a growth disease that gave him the legs of a child and the torso of an adult , '' mrs . kittinger added .
beard stubble covered him , four or five days of growth , for regular shaving was not a priority under the circumstances .
luckily for me , evangeline 's passport picture was taken when she was ten and so there was a little leeway for growth .
they enjoyed utter freedom , their ceiling the sky and their floor the raw earth that welcomed their growth .
now at twenty - one i was very worried resentment had stunted my growth .
his jaw had a solid day 's growth of facial hair .
when i was on earth my body acted just like any other human , and hair growth was a part of that .
he was wearing a smug smirk and a few days ' worth of beard growth , that did n't seem fair to the other high school boys .
he hauled her over his shoulder the way he 'd been doing since his fifth - grade growth spurt gave him a half a foot on the rest of their class .
or could a kiss , done right , metabolize a body , kicking in an instant growth spurt , making them both so suddenly mature ?
was he having a second growth spurt ?
pretty girl , giant growth , you know . ''
his jaw and cheeks showed signs of late evening growth , and i wondered if they would feel scratchy or soft against my skin .
nail growth was regress .
hyde and hayden are well over six feet - more than a head taller than straggler , who has n't hit his growth spurt yet - and they 're strong .
` ` all a part of your growth . ''
the damage also stunted his growth , as well as his physical development .
stunted growth .
perhaps it stunted my growth . ''
' they do n't seem to have stunted his growth , ' the queen said .
the growth of hair was not marked , but it was perceptible .
hatch had had a growth spurt this year , and he looked so much like his big brother that it was hard to take my eyes away .
despite nate 's outrage , a look at denny 's stocky frame warned him that although this kid was only a year ahead of him in school , he was two or three years ahead of him in growth .
from that day forward , he experienced incredible growth at sunset and the opposite at sunrise .
jason had hit a growth spurt at the end of sixth grade .
it depicted the growth stages of a fetus in vibrant colors that had n't been seen since the sixties .
` ` it 's bad for stalactite growth . ''
i ' ve photographed some of the abnormalities in plant growth these energy leakages have caused .
` ` most of us chaps here in the fifth do n't hit our growth spurts ' til we hit drinkin ' age .
i was off the pediatrician 's growth chart .
few trees grow here , where the salty wind stunts the growth of all living things .
outside , a cold , late spring rain fell , readying the earth for the plants to burst forth in bloom and growth .
all that- in order to enable human kinds perpetual growth well , maybe i repeat my arguments .
one child , two , twelve , could be got from the eggs harvested from her womb before that organ had been removed because of a different kind of growth .
fflowers told them how he had taken the output of winslow and laurebys research , linked it with human growth hormone , and , here he brought his fingers to his lips like a video chef , made a recipe for long life .
even with the accelerated growth of the torso and head , they were bizarre looking .
over the years , his physical growth had gone sideways .
growth for the sake of growth , said someone i ca nt remember , is the philosophy of the cancer cell .
grass feeding has been proven to offer important advantages in reducing the growth of e. coli bacteria , plus , it increases the overall nutritional value of the product .
he just agreed to give away 007 , the genetic growth equipment and process , a demo clone which means that barbarian is getting human tissues implant the new organism in 007 and turn over toby to those savages .
' but of what value are these imprints , ' asked tarzyn , ' when , after a few years the lines upon the fingers are entirely changed by the wearing out of the old tissue and the growth of new ? '
mother had no tumour or lump , but she must continue a monthly self - breast examination in order to detect any unusual thing that could develop to a lump as she has a physiology that could favour fast growth of lumps .
look at the growth .
he lathered the five days growth of beard with the soap and carefully shaved with the knife .
in a response to this rapid growth alex had built him a shelter out in the woods .
his physical growth was only eclipsed by how quickly he learned to read and write .
shaving was difficult because of how quickly his beard grew out and it was a months growth which was more difficult .
about six feet and no more than 150 pounds , two days growth of scrubby beard and wearing a white , t - shirt with a pack of cigarettes rolled up under the left sleeve .
she realized that , though much growth was in evidence , something about the image seemed backwards .
mike was filthy and had a three - week growth of beard .
human growth hormone , hgh , they called it .
his frame was solid ; his face chiselled with a few days growth around his chin , his hair was shaven revealing a scar across the top of his head .
each cube , apart from the first cube , which will be the ships agricultural command station , will be for some sort of plant growth to grow food and to return oxygen to the air .
light , heat , water and nutrition are the necessary attributes for sustained plant growth .
he spun it once quickly between his fingers and offered it to karen , still in shock from the accelerated growth .
and when he did , i saw a flicker of growth .
but each of them had their own natural template which controlled their growth rates in balance with their life spans .
all of this had the effect of stunting her physical growth .
vampire blood consists of cells and antibodies which stop any more growth and spread of the damaged or mutated cells .
candace could not believe the growth of stubble on her legs and under arms !
he created a mirror to reflect his five days growth of beard .
his dads reluctance to accept music as a career might affect calvins growth though .
he had turned inward instead of outward in his growth , the only direction possible for him given the burden he had been given in life .
when the warmer weather finally kicked in , the soil creatures would already be hard at work , merging precious nutrients to provide the initial spurt of growth for the herbs she needed to replace her dwindling supply of remedies .
two days growth of beard , a bit of gray .
he was dressed in ragged street clothes , three days growth of beard .
i felt like a dirtbag compared to him , with my leather jacket , scuffed kneepads , and three day growth of beard .
when she could no longer hide her growth from the boy .
nerd behind , was not without interest , singing along with his growth , so it should be added one : in addition to food warm to sleep , that was songs to sing !
he was a simple farmer who had not yet gained his full growth , who had never raised a knife to more than jesskies , those marauding , ever - present rodents .
it was funny how the man always seemed to have two days growth of whiskers on his crinkled face .
then quickly she raised the skin to show the crowd his growth .
ethan learned thors human power was growth while his naga heritage made him immortal , stronger and faster , if for a short time .
by this point in my life , i had reached the pinnacle of growth in stature .
he rubbed the four days of beard growth .
an overweight man with about two days growth on his beard stood behind the counter drying a beer mug .
yes she had grown , but was now showing the warped growth of her upbringing .
scientists have discovered a dead cedar specimen at 1,650 growth rings islander says .
i giggle and squirt the body wash into the cloth then with a slight pressure rub it against the growth pattern of his skull .
set the razor at the crown of my skull then you pull down in the direction of the hair growth .
there was extra hair growth on both males and females covering almost the entire nude body .
dr . yorkie believed brone was reviving some type of cave men and women genetic genes since the dna strands were going backwards with excessive hair growth and double rows of teeth like a savage animal .
chaiko examined the staff , made of a slow - growth , dense wood that he could not even nick with his fingernails .
i have seen your growth and strength over the past years we spent together here .
dreadlocks , a weeks growth of stubble and rags seemed to be the fashion and paul smiled wryly realizing he did nt actually look too much out of place as he was introduced to denzel and big suze .
of all saleran creations , this one was his favorite because of its ability to regenerate cellular growth , thereby healing wounds and , of course , purging any filth .
this is one of the most controversial exercises around and will work every single muscle in your body , but it will supply various benefits including increased metabolism , adrenaline rate , muscle growth , etc .
they were incinerated in the citys furnaces , burned to ashes , used as fuel to heat the nurseries , and sustain the growth of new life .
it was like one of those old nature documentaries with the stop - action , time - lapse photography , hyper - accelerated , years of growth compressed into seconds .
the robe was a shade of bright green meant to signify growth yet to come .
the squirrel that hoarded nuts , dug them into the ground , and left them there for the winter , practiced a type of growth magic .
a growth spell .
aside from an unfortunately patterned growth of facial hair , there was nothing memorable about him .
he was the last ninth grade boy to hit a growth spurt and the only one to have a crush on her .
three days of hair growth crawled across his face .
its crazy how big he has gotten since he has been in the army , i wish i had a late growth spurt , steven said .
now it was fat with the growth of many rings .
despite their rather awkward stages of growth they are magnificent to behold .
goats confined by the steep sides are not left there more than a day or so , since the chill has stopped the growth of the grass .
eiess and iluxia were charged to work in perfect harmony , one ruling the sun , the day , growth , energy , light and anything pertaining to progress , increase and development , while the other would rule the night and anything pertaining to rest , slumber , tranquility , harmony , serenity , repose and stillness .
a few days beard growth made him look dark , dangerous , sexy .
mother nature , as her name implied , held the power of growth in her hands .
the figure is there , still feeling for an entrance , and clattering against the glass with its long nails , that appear as if the growth of many years had been untouched .
its truly amazing for a dwarf to become a giant , but growth is a fact of life .
what was familiarly in the family at the hall called the garden , was a semi - circular piece of ground shaded in several directions by trees , and which was exclusively devoted to the growth of flowers .
they had learned , or invented , methods by which the brain itself could be manipulated , so to speak , and any desired portions of it could be specially developed , while the other parts of it were left to their normal growth .
this man was great of growth , and had a bundle on his back , and seemed to men somewhat uncouth .
thorgunna was a woman great of growth , thick and tall , and right full of flesh ; dark - browed and narrow - eyed ; her hair dark - red and plenteous ; of exceeding good manners was she in her daily ways , and she went every day to church before she went about her work ; yet not easy of temper was she , or of many words in her daily conversation .
kiartan was by then of thirteen or fourteen winters , and was both great of growth , and noble to look on .
the growth spurt was painful , but when it ended the creature felt its hunger return .
then the pains of growth came again , enraging the beast .
he had a two - day growth of beard he always had a two - day growth of beard , leading strake to wonder if it was somehow painted on there .
he had a two - day growth of beard he always had a two - day growth of beard , leading strake to wonder if it was somehow painted on there .
experiments are now underway to encourage the growth of frost - immune yellow tomatoes , the avf-92 - se hybrid developed by the international siberian cooperative # 241 .
amira had been amazed by his growth in the time since they d left stony vale .
promotes hair growth , he said , staring at the label .
i had a suspicion that i was getting some new nerve growth .
therefore , if i do not have keys to ' - he looked around at his companions - ' five rooms in the palm of my hand within 10 seconds , then not only will your quill and ledger disappear , but this reception desk and that bloody awful picture of mr . tarry ' 50 % growth ' hernia will also be making an appearance in your lower intestinal tract .
all he needed to do was ensure that the crop was well irrigated and remove any individuals that would disrupt the growth of others .
instead , the whole crop was suddenly imbued with a growth spurt and doubled in size dramatically .
he d asked about her growth once , but shed only said that she would be full - grown soon and would stay that way once she was .
gleason pegged the child at about eight or nine , unless his growth was particularly stunted .
i hardly think kenobi would have spoon fed his apprentice when the alternatives would lead to growth and developing strength and understanding .
several days beard growth had darkened his chin and jaw with black stubble , and i gazed at this stubbornly .
the growth of the small pot of the queens belly did not go unnoticed by cadfrawd .
the other one was the plague and infection that ended cellular growth while filling him with a constant need to feed on warm blood .
he set about creating a virus , one that would slow cellular growth and death .
estin laughed heartily as he held his brother at arms length , admiring his brother 's growth since he had last seen him .
medical nanites are one thing ; stimulating cell growth , attacking cancers and whatnot .
green came second , indicative of growth , development of the emotional self , like the small child , who knows feelings before words , instinct before contemplation .
from what i ve seen they have the same capacity for growth as the so - called pure breed .
she wondered why she was so special when the doctors grand plan was to simply cut out the growth and send her on her way .
we want to remove the growth without damaging any of the other organs .
i told your daughter the truth ; having surgery to remove her growth would kill her , eleanor said plainly .
this thing you have -- this growth ?
she said that the growth is called a second heart , and it gives you a sort of ... sixth sense .
it was the growth of that new organ that caused the severe stomach pains that miguel had experienced .
we have to hide if we want to survive , and we are already on their radar because we were admitted to the hospital with the growth of our second hearts .
before dr . sparling could respond , meredith asked , is it true that miguel died because of his growth ?
because my growth -- my new organ -- is what allows me to do that .
we have good reason to believe that anyone who has this growth removed will die , and the only way to prevent that is to go public with what we know , nate added .
everything they had felt for each other was nt imaginary , and he was damn sure he would nt let people who had missed her growth judge her without his counsel !
winter beauty be thy close spring resplendent poppies pose one mile west east , south , and north warmth of color bring thee forth la rosa sought what power she had left , piercing thy mothers grounds beneath with a light and warmth of growth and thirst .
faro used it to help with the growth of all that climb his surroundings .
be it a spur of desirable growth and a want for revenge , that never had he felt before .
for most lineages building a new hut is exciting , it means marriage and growth , but for my brother these things were not certain .
cerrus was nt a dwarf like many of the jesters hired by the wealthy , but was instead afflicted with an unknown disease that stunted his growth , leaving him a forty - year - old man with the size and strength of a child .
he glanced over his shoulders at his quickening wings and said with a sigh , alas that this unfortunate adventure has slowed my growth !
they looked to be about eleven years old and were in that skinny phase that portended a growth spurt .
the elixir increases the rate of growth of the young .
they see their white tangled hair and white growth of beard and wonder if the white comes from old age or plaster dust .
he says the growth is self sustaining , but not the expansion without additional mana .
a growth spell is pretty trivial .
we must also ensure that the use of any method for achieving success is appropriate to the time in which we live since some methods are outdated ( such as the production , sale and use of horse drawn carriages as a means of common transportation for the masses in the u.s . ) , some are for our current time but may become outdated ( such as the production , sale and use of gas powered vehicles ) and other ways to acquire wealth are timeless ( such as investing in real estate and the growth , sale and use of various types of foods ) .
but the shadow did nt stop its growth , it moved out beyond the city , claiming the fields before it where the red army and sack swords fought .
it was the same conceit and indifference but ripened and fossilized with age , all her growth and warmth had vanished like mist in the sun , displaced by her determination to marry well , and soon , and then take her place in society .
but , mikey has nt hit a growth spurt yet and he s sensitive about his size .
thaumic radii growth slows down quickly .
something about a unity of all things , and growth and development , and meditation .
now , arguits falling in love with zarinia is a sign of growth on his part , as i said .
it looked forward vaguely to more growth , then old age and death , and then a mystery .
except yes , it had some notion of various gods , mostly the gods of life and death , health and sickness , nourishment and growth , sex and reproduction .
he also felt that the growth and development of this tiny piece of plant was an essential part of that larger process .
in its intricate , self - directed growth , it seemed to wond to be a kind of miniature version of his entire being .
the growth of the plant , intricate and beautiful though it was , was only a small part of the growth of the universe , and an incomplete picture of it .
looking at kors life with kors part of its mind , the universe also detected a process of evolution , one which reflected the greater process , and participated in it , just as the growth of the plant did .
kors blood then carried the larvae to her brain , where they cleaned out the obstructions that had caused the stroke , and secreted a hormone stimulating rapid growth of new brain cells .
` ` it could stunt my growth . ''
but would the wild card virus now twined lovingly in his dna permit a normal growth ?
horror stories lingered about the occasional bout of extreme overindulgence that resulted in spontaneous hermaphrodite transformation combined with the sudden growth of tails , fins , horns and extra mouths .
he was short ; he had n't gotten his growth yet .
adolescents who 'd gotten their growth .
there 's something unsettling about your growth .
salyer himself did not make excuses ; and he was indeed a boy , only lately made midwingman , though tall and gangly with his adolescent growth .
in any case , call it bald - faced theft or some more pleasant word , it was still necessary ; the little dragon was too young to understand having to go hungry , and was in more desperate need : laurence well remembered the way temeraire had gone through food in his early weeks of rapid growth .
her growth was a fresh source of anxiety : though prodigious , it was not yet sufficient to enable her either to fight or to fly effectively , but would soon make her a serious burden upon temeraire should they attempt to make their escape .
she watercrafted you during your baths , to slow down your growth .
she slowed my growth .
the two men were loyal servants to the realm , and had always been courteous with tavi , then a scrawny young page well short of his full growth .
two - day growth of beard .
surely , an aleran knight should have been taller , thicker in the shoulders and chest and neck , with a heavier growth of beard and more muscle than the wounded knight possessed .
i stunted his growth so that he would look younger than his age , so that it would seem to be impossible that he was septimus 's child .
he smiled at her , his eyes alight with green , brown , and flecks of gold ; colors of life and growth and warmth .
the lab 's got some kind of growth medium it uses that can give us a determination in twenty - four hours . ''
at that point the growth was faster , there was a sudden crowded moment , a rush of air , and an explosion of sound .
apart from that , you 'd need very keen hearing indeed to hear the growth of shoots and the opening of buds .
it was well known that this stunted your growth .
it really was an impressive moustache , which had sapped all the growth from the rest of its owner .
there was a sort of beard and moustache , but the scars had affected the hair growth so much that they stuck out in strange bunches and at odd angles .
you do n't see its history , feel the pumping of the sap , hear every insect in the bark , sense the chemistry of the leaves , notice the hundred shades of green , the tiny movements to follow the sun , the subtle growth of the wood ... ' but you do n't understand us , ' said tiffany .
it 'll reduce the bruising and promote the growth of healthy scale . ''
they were chest to chest again , eibhear enjoying the fact he stood quite a bit tal er than his cousin since his last few growth spurts .
feed her twice daily , see if we can not make up for any growth she may have been shorted , and whenever she is awake i will start you on longwing maneuvers .
` ` i do n't like to take too many men , when we do n't know what her growth will be like . ''
` ` and let us have no more damned excuses out of you for not eating , during the day , when you will go wandering about at night like a rampaging lion to stuff your belly , '' keynes added more peevishly , scruffy with his night 's growth of beard and disgruntled ; he had for once sought his bed at a reasonable hour , after having sat up nearly every night the week observing the dragons .
allen stumbling almost continuously , his latest growth making him gangly and awkward , all long coltish limbs .
she was no small addition : having gained her full growth in the intervening months since they had seen her , she was now enormously long and sprawling , the heavy coils of her serpentine body at least as long as temeraire , and draped over anything which happened to be in her way , most inconveniently .
it was amazing what fifteen years of growth and life would do to a person , however .
at least a three - day growth of beard .
such growth could not happen without plenty of water to nourish it , and as the sudden growth began to leach all the water from the ground , the water from the deep well began to arrive , rising through the layers of earth and stone .
gaius sextus , it seemed , had known more about the growth of living things than tavi did , despite the differences in their backgrounds .
he had the long , thick lashes that so many men seemed to have and not care about , and his hands had long , slender fingers that seemed entirely oversized to the rest of him , promising considerable growth yet to come .
it was a little early for her to have gotten her growth spurt .
after consideration of his future growth , they decided to shift stores to leave the ship heavier forward and place him upon the deck towards the stern as a counterbalance .
` ` as his breed is not one of those described in my books , we must wait for the answer until we reach land and can have him properly identified ; even if he is of the appropriate kind , most likely there would be no manifestation of such an ability until he has his full growth , which will not be for some months to come . ''
` ` yes , sir , though the trip must wait until he has more growth ; he can stay aloft for an hour or so without much trouble , but i do not like to risk him on a long flight just yet , '' laurence said firmly .
by the end of this period , maximus had almost reached his full adult size , and temeraire was scarcely one man 's height less in the shoulder , though much leaner , and his growth was now mostly in bulk and in his wings rather than his height .
i ought to have realized , when they sprouted ; it must mean you have reached your full growth . ''
` ` i gladly accept the compliment for praecursoris , but you have already many fine beasts here ; that regal copper looks prodigious , and i see from his horns he is not yet at his full growth .
he is not yet eight months old , yet he does have nearly his full growth . ''
he looked for maximus and saw him engaged closely with their old enemy , the grand chevalier ; the intervening two months of growth had brought maximus closer to his size , and the two of them were tearing at each other in a terrible savagery .
you telling me that 's a month 's growth on your chin ?
he had bodies to spare , and this one - like his others - had been modified to restrict hair and nail growth so that healing would not leave him with an unsightly mangle of a beard .
and to all appearance the wizard did leave frodo alone , and he did settle down , but the growth of hobbit - sense was not very noticeable .
the ents were as different from one another as trees from trees : some as different as one tree is from another of the same name but quite different growth and history ; and some as different as one tree - kind from another , as birch from beech ; oak from fir .
then they died , killed by their body 's own growth imperative .
it will take centuries , perhaps - centuries of fighting , learning , and growth .
i was trying to slow his growth .
they seem to limit their growth to fit available space .
sort of like starving a teenager going through a growth spurt .
then turin ran from the room and went away alone , and in his heart was a warmth like the warmth of the sun upon the cold earth that sets growth astir .
now tinuviel took the wine and water when she was alone , and singing a very magical song the while , she mingled them together , and as they lay in the bowl of gold she sang a song of growth , and as they lay in the bowl of silver she sang another song , and the names of all the tallest and longest things upon earth were set in that song ; the beards of the indravangs , the tail of karkaras , the body of glorund , the bole of hirilorn , and the sword of nan she named , nor did she forget the chain angainu that aule and tulkas made or the neck of gilim the giant , and last and longest of all she spake of the hair of uinen the lady of the sea that is spread through all the waters .
but the dragon gloated upon the hoard and lay coiled upon it , and the fame of that great treasure of golden vessels and of unwrought gold that lay by the caves above the stream fared far and wide about ; yet the great worm slept before it , and evil thoughts he had as he pondered the planting of his cunning lies and the sprouting thereof and their growth and fruit , and fumes of smoke went up from his nostrils as he slept .
' t is written that in those days the fathers of the fathers of men were of less stature than men now are , and the children of elfinesse of greater growth , yet was tuor taller than any that stood there .
thus in ? he fall of condolin ( p. 159 ) : ' the fathers of the fathers of men were of less stature than men now are , and the children of elfinesse of greater growth ' ; in an outline for the abandoned tale of gilfanon ( i .
such a queen was not a good growth medium for flagg 's brand of insanity .
` ` all the staads make handsome enough lads , but he 'll be like the rest of us when he gets his growth , i reckon - his hair 'll darken to brown and he 'll go around squintin ' at everything and he 'll have all the luck of a fat pig in the king 's slaughtering pen . ''
the owner of the chewed boot was n't a man but a boy who had just been beginning to get his man 's growth - and that would have been quite a large growth indeed , roland judged , even setting aside the bloating effects which had resulted from being immersed for some unknown length of time in nine inches of water simmering under a summer sun .
the owner of the chewed boot was n't a man but a boy who had just been beginning to get his man 's growth - and that would have been quite a large growth indeed , roland judged , even setting aside the bloating effects which had resulted from being immersed for some unknown length of time in nine inches of water simmering under a summer sun .
then manwe bade yavanna and nienna to put forth all their powers of growth and healing ; and they put forth all their powers upon the trees .
in that time the air of middle - earth became heavy with the breath of growth and mortality , and the changing and ageing of all things was hastened exceedingly ; life teemed upon the soil and in the waters in the second spring of arda , and the eldar increased , and beneath the new sun beleriand grew green and fair .
i instinctively raised my arms , trying to block a punch , trying to break free , but stopped when i recognized the stark pale face , dark eyes , and rough growth of beard .
we were all so sure that maximus had reached his final growth ; shortly after you were called here , he began to prove us wrong , and so far he has put on fifteen feet in length . ''
` ` there is as yet no serious condition , in my judgment , but he is overheated ; and has not had enough water : at this stage of his growth he does not yet possess those reserves which should make him able to bear more privation . ''
` ` the phenomenon is seen occasionally , '' dorset said in his most biting tones - he did not like the heat , and most days came out unevenly red and speckled in the afternoons , if he did not stay always in the shade - ` ` in regal copper hatchlings : it is an indicator he will make twenty - four tons , at the least , when he achieves his growth . ''
dorset added , ` ` we will know he has begun to reach his growth when he ceases to be quite so rounded : that is when the body will have overtaken the air - sacs , and so begin to approach the limit . ''
she was probably about to hit a growth spurt .
also , by studying their growth from birth , we were able to find out more about them .
` ` human growth hormone , '' he said .
so your body puts out human growth hormone still when you sleep . ''
` ` so i could have a growth spurt still . ''
they lengthen your vocal cords , add inches to your legs , increase the growth of your hair .
` ` chrism , '' she said , ` ` it has to be in the saliva , a metaphysical word for a toxin or a serum in the bodily fluids of the morphenkind that triggers a whole string of glandular and hormonal responses for a new kind of growth . ''
she did let slip that stuart was experiencing a remarkable growth spurt and she couldn , t quite figure it out .
and the growth spurt was affecting his hair too .
feverish , at times incoherent , stuart was not only surviving but thriving , grace said , exhibiting all the same symptoms reuben had exhibited , bruises vanishing , ribs completely healed , skin glistening with health , and the boy , s body experiencing the baffling growth spurt , as dr . cutler had described .
dr . cutler hunkered down deep in the big old couch by the great room fireplace , a blanket around her shoulders , shivering not from the cold but from the experience , explaining to the investigators , ` ` well , surely it was some species for which we have no present scientific label or definition ; either that or a truly monstrous mutation , a victim of a combination of rampant bone development and hair growth .
` ` there are scientists out there treating billionaire clients with unorthodox youth serums , human growth hormone , stem cells , sheep glands , cloned skin and bone , and cosmetic transplants of which the rest of us only dream .
this is where trenton marked his growth , year by year , picking and chiseling with the swiss army knife richard bought him for his fifth birthday - briefly confiscated by his mother , who thought he was too young , but then commandeered by minna from caroline 's underwear drawer and returned to trenton , as a bribe , to keep him from telling when he caught her smoking from the bedroom window .
the girls eyes darted around the garden while three men lingered around her like buzzards , each twice her age , three times her waist size , and sporting four - day growths .
( past ) there is a season for everything : spring for new birth , summer for ripening growth , autumn for the harvest and winter for death .
i rose and scuzzy jacked up their necks , forcing them to follow or risk three inches of swift , unwanted growth .
i do nt know what is happening , but its a good thing that my clothes seem to be expanding with each growth spurt that i have .
` ` o mortal one turned immortal by your father phoebus apollon , lord paian , healer of sick and injured , blessed spirit of growth and blossoming , bring your divine guidance to kleito that she may work your wonders on my sick offspring , as you would your own daughter , hygieia , health herself , your blameless consort .
jacob was squat ; it seemed as if all his growth had gone outwards rather than up , a mark of deprivation in childhood .
the barber quickly snipped away the growth of the voyage , leaving the hair moderately cropped , in the moghul fashion .
but bagtor , inside , had spent his youth under siege behind a wagon wheel , where the nutrients of his culture reached him patchily for patchy growth : in this sense he was malnutritioned , and did nt get what they were on about .
his jaw was stubbled with several days growth of beard , rough and prickling against my skin .
the driver had wild eyes and a two day growth .
all through the years of education and bodily growth chester sat for hours debating and discussing , baffled by his sons sensitivity and his arrogance .
the sun was warm , the work was interesting , and i got some satisfaction from looking back at a row of vines now prepared for the summers growth .
weeks growth of beard .
refusing to permit thoughts into his head , pike listened to sounds made as his hair was washed , liking for no reason the scraping noise telling him three days of whisker growth would soon be gone .
be assured , daughter , i traced your growth ... from infant to girl to woman .
the rest of his badly scarred face was thankfully partially hidden behind a growth of black whiskers that was probably approaching four or five days now , judging from the appearance .
in spite of his unequalled academic success , mounting confidence , and sudden growth spurt , scarlett still viewed him as a weak , spineless child , lacking in intelligence and good looks .
she moved steadily from stem to stem , cutting off those that did not have the correct leaf pattern to indicate the soon growth of a rose .
she reached up and touched his face , caressing his cheek and chin , running her hands over the dark stubble of his beards growth that was now upon his face , admiring the strength of his features , drinking in his every aspect in anticipation of possession as she ran her hand down onto his muscled chest .
` ` through tragedy , comes growth , '' answered tatum quietly , thinking about her brother 's swollen head covered with wires and assorted medical devices .
it may also prevent one from reaching out to the four noble paths , and thereby stunt ones growth .
stopping in front of richard , mercadiers three - day growth of beard twisted into an odd grin that resembled more of a vengeful grimace than smile .
even his friends from the monastery and his old schoolteacher , try as they might , lost interest as mendel explained every tiny aspect of pea plant growth and differentiation .
at the moment , he had a modest growth .
she had hated on sight the little cardboard attach case : the hand - knitted mitts attached by a cord , to thread through her jacket sleeves in case of loss ; and most of all she had loathed the gymslip , bought for her growth with its adjustable shoulder strap buttons , made of scratchy serge material which left her thighs red - raw in the cold winter .
i made the shirt slightly too large for the lad so he has plenty of room for growth , the tailor points out .
we have been driving hard for many weeks , and that knocks most of the growth off .
( strangely enough , the greek was shocked ; not at the extreme youth of the girl , who the general thought should n't be running this year - she had n't reached her full growth , she might damage her future prospects - but at the fact that women were running at all .
by gum , you sure get your growth dashing around with mosby .
his hair was too long , and the weeks growth of sandy red beard itched .
he was wearing striped pantaloons , a linen jacket , and had a beard of some three days growth .
then he bent over delameres lifeless body and grabbed his head in his arms and pressed his face to his , feeling the rough growth of beard , smelling sweat and horse and the river water and he could nt believe it .
that amount of cell growth , its just not possible .
black scales appeared as her skin stretched tight in demonic growth .
the body was already emaciated , his face covered in beard growth .
luke found himself exploring the doorway between the kitchen and the dining room for the growth chart his mother had maintained since lara was born .
as the severity of the parasitic infection grows , the most obvious indicator is the spread and growth of the small red spots .
i feel like he should be talking already because he s so advanced in growth and motor skills , but we communicate through grunts and cooing .
looking back at the entire growth of the tree goddess , i believe the initial spark that put the story in motion took place while my wife , kids and i were packing up boxes to move into a new residence .
those hair growth products appeared to be doing the job .
that in combination with his young man 's choice of clothing ; his use of hair growth products ; and the trimmed facial hair , such as a goatee and sometimes sideburns , made wayne appear very much as he did 15 years ago .
my hands flew all over him checking for injuries , checking for growth , just checking .
he ran a hand across his jaw and skin , feeling the beard growth about to prickle through his skin .
' little alteration , except the growth of our dear children , has taken place since you left us .
one of those mutations halted cell growth once it hit that fiftieth division .
spray a weed with sudden - growth hormone ; it shoots up faster than the root can grow .
hmn one of the reasons for obesity in north america is the growth hormones in the big burgers .
not too far away , a giant mutant salamander , the result of too many years of industrial pollution , nuclear waste spills into local waterways , and high environmental levels of growth and sexual hormones , and endocrine disruptors ; moved through the cool dampness of the clinging underbrush , momentarily sated with the good feeling of fresh , warm , sweet meat in his belly .
with his head at a quarter - inch stubble stage of growth , he really did nt need much shampoo .
he / she wanted growth and possession the strength to face everything this .
fucking pickle - puke nasty in retrospect , but realistic i thought , and lucky for me i hit a sudden growth period and shot up almost four inches in the next six months .
she wondered if she had stunted emotional growth or something .
as teddy grew strong and tall , griffins growth was slow .
two - day beard growth and bagged eyes completed the exhausted look .
i could use my powers to encourage good growth in fields and easier tempers in animals .
the fruit flies planted eggs ; their growth cycle must have accelerated .
her hair had taken on a bit of a curl and her long and skinny limbs advertised a recent growth spurt .
torture has a way of stunting the growth , physically and mentally .
each night he shared fluids with her and she comforted him in the knowledge of his spiritual growth and trained him to understand all the things he sensed around him .
i used to toss him around like a bean bag until he took a growth spurt at fourteen .
then the golden vampires appeared as a small yellow patch , one that had an immediate effect on the growth of the red stain .
no amount of exercise , fondling , or massage had done anything to encourage growth in the mammary area .
we do nt believe touching ourselves leads to blindness or hair growth on our palms ; we just believe that its important to be entirely focused on god while on a mission .
it felt like she was watching some terrible rebirth as she beheld his new found growth , becoming dominant and dreadful once more .
for years he d followed her growth on the posters from childhood into touchingly gawky adolescence and then into the radiance of young unemphatic womanhood .
also astonishing was the vigorous growth of the dark gold hair , which almost concealed the criss - cross of stitches in his skull .
this peculiarity of character grew with my growth , and in my manhood , i derived from it one of my principal sources of pleasure .
from its tiny bubbling entry into the world among the pinewood gardens of donaueschingen , until this moment when it began to play the great river - game of losing itself among the deserted swamps , unobserved , unrestrained , it had seemed to us like following the growth of some living creature .
moderate growth rate is the slowest range we ' ve seen so far .
that being , a growth rate of hundreds of thousands of cells within ten minutes .
the oneirophage returned to phantasmagorika by spiral stairway and evaluated its growth .
their minds had nt been polluted and their brain cells were still an incubator of growth .
` ` no , but alcohol , narcotics , pills , all of that can be used to keep it subdued , to stunt its growth , but never fully , and probably not all the time .
you had to ask your parents for the money , you said you had a medical emergency and needed a growth cut off ... josh kissed her head and wondered what she was thinking about .
being the undead sort of put a stop to all other growth at the time of death .
josh was certain that the man had to have some sort of growth disorder or something .
` ` hey man , do n't mind me asking , but do you have some sort of growth thing or something ? ''
a life where you could count on people 's last growth - spurts to have taken place by the time they were eighteen .
' i 'd say less than a day 's growth . '
it had slowed the growth of mccarthy 's beard , it seemed , and caused a few of his teeth to fall out ; it had also caused mccarthy to pass gas that probably could n't have gone ignored even in the politest of polite society - farts like poison gas , to be perfectly blunt about it - but the thing itself had apparently been fine ... lively ... growing ... jonesy had a sudden vivid image of a wriggling white tapeworm emerging from a pile of raw meat .
no doubt whatever it was did better in the heat , but still , the rate of growth was scary .
her clothes and face were covered with the rust - colored mold that had choked the cabin , but henry noticed an interesting thing : while the growth on her was doing pretty well ( especially in her nostrils and her visible eye , which had sprouted a jungle ) , the stuff which had spread out from her , outlining her body in a ragged sunburst , was in trouble .
the president will also tell a horrified world that the fungus may in fact be the controlling intelligence , the grayboys just a growth medium .
the sweat pops out on jonesy 's face almost immediately , and by the time the four of them get to the pay phone ( which is near the woodstove , would n't you know it ) , it 's rolling down his cheeks , and his armpits feel like jungle growth after a heavy rain ... not that he has all that much growth there yet , not at fourteen .
luxuriant growth had burst apart the bandages over the stumps of cavanaugh 's fingers .
between 1860 and 1865 , it seemed america had split in two , as byrus colonies did near the end of each growth cycle .
` ` what caused all that growth ? ''
it was hard to tell once the growth got high .
surely not , although her breasts had begun their first achy growth around mid - winter .
whoever this was , it was n't stan uris , who had finished at five - seven when he had his full growth .
' the corpse will not have begun radical mortification , ' cody went on in his best recitation voice , ' but enough moisture may be present to encourage growth on the exposed cheeks and hands , possibly a mossy substance called - ' he broke off .
the cold nights had surely stunted their growth .
a fat man who had towered to six feet two inches , he had been taller than jack even when jack got his full growth of six feet even - not that the old man had still been around then .
alan pangborn suddenly found himself wondering if the growth of that alien tissue coincided with something else .
him that tumors have extremely erratic growth patterns , and that i had known patients whose tumors had fallen dormant for as long as two years , but that such a dormancy was quite rare .
chapter twenty - nine i had n't recognized peter at first , because he 'd done that growth spurt thing that teenage boys do sometimes .
the cherokee 's wheels rolled over a number of pumpkins that were coming to full growth amazingly early .
she had n't dared mention it , just as no one at the office had dared to say : your clothes are starting to look like they came from omar the tentmaker , billy - boy ... say , you have n't got a growth or anything , do you ?
and he 's with someone big who he introduces as his brother moses , and moses shakes her hand and nearly breaks her knuckles in his big fist - and the two of them together look like the before and after of some kind of growth serum .
his skin is cracked open in places , and his hair has fallen out in tufts , but there is n't any growth of bone that she can see .
i recalled a remark in an article i had read years earlier that went something like , growth for the sake of growth is the philosophy of the cancer cell .
i recalled a remark in an article i had read years earlier that went something like , growth for the sake of growth is the philosophy of the cancer cell .
but after three months growth , his mustache was still frail and patchy , making him look more like he d kissed a piece of charcoal or sniffed a melting chocolate bar than reached manhood .
i think it was not so much that i had nt figured out why the chemical compound was not accelerating the growth of the animals i injected it into , it was the fact that i dissected every single one of them , he stopped and turned , looking directly at the goat .
she had battled all - comers to her show and mowed them down , like a big league pitcher hopped up on a mixture of human growth hormones and steroids facing a batch of wide - eyed little leaguers .
bandages , whiter than even the plastic bag , were wrapped round the skull of the other man , plucked like a root vegetable from the metal and glass growth medium of the delivery van .
hormones all over the place , growth spurts for no reason .
no , sir , not now , not even next months , if the gods they are smiling to you , but not long thereafter , not unless in the interest of theatrical research , arden let the salesman perform his entire shtick before duly purchasing a bottle ( even though the thatch on his scalp was thick , robust in growth and at no risk of premature balding ) .
as the two conversed , the subject of beard growth and grooming came up .
free range pigs could eat whatever they wanted , and antibiotics and growth hormone were costly .
whether this helped or hindered the growth of the mould that lived down there , none could say .
they will grow , often in a twisting motion , towards the light , and many plants also respond to touch , either by dropping their leaves suddenly , or , more long - term , producing stunted growth in response to repeated pressure .
he appeared to be watching tv , while all around him were incubators and other enclosures which contained dozens of other garys in various stages of growth .
penelope avalon received one of these decryptors from lady scafarel , after completing work on heaven , according to scafarels personal growth system , and clarity would like to keep the item as souvenir , although money fact disagrees and is holding custody of the device for strategic and intelligence reasons .
the green jade egg , symbol of ancient pleasures for women , the mineral puppet master of lady scafarels personal growth services .
his footwear had been clearly chosen with a growth spurt in mind , and would have suited an nba basketball player as they did nt fit him yet .
you ve done some good work for us over the last few years and your growth has been amazing to watch .
his three - day growth gave him a rugged appearance , as if he were about to mount a horse , rope in a few hundred head of cattle and a couple of bosomy cowgirls as well .
a special shaver offers the five - day growth look .
it might hurt a little in the short term but there is no growth without pain .
the problem faced by the board was that both women were married to each other in bahrain in a flower - flavored half - naked ceremony led by the head of the church of the holy flower , cassandra scafarel , a woman arrested for the sale of a rash - inducing beauty lotion without fda approval , and still under investigation in general for having created a personal growth outfit known as the church of the holy flower .
a low tinkling grabs my attention from monitoring mold growth .
obviously , bacteria must be able to regulate the growth of the colony in some way .
since local food supplies will inevitably run out ( that runaway growth again ) , bacteria must be able to find more food when it does or learn to eat something else .
i could feel the transmogrification take place , the cellular structure of skin seeping through my pores , the growth of hair ...
meanwhile , the lady wrestler 's very tall , extra - wide latte with extra growth hormones , was knocked from its perch on top of her head , where she 'd been storing it while she flexed her muscles .
red thumb plant growth formula grows your plants better than the leading brand !
just pour the red thumb plant growth formula around the base of your plant and in seconds you will see the results !
red thumb plant growth formula has been known to cause abnormal side effects in plants .
as vena was spreading her roots , she was growing bigger , and like a hungry , hungry teenager going through a growth spurt , vena needed more food desperately , so she snatched more bleating livestock and shoved them greedily into her mouth .
when vena had been searching for her adoptive father , she had spread out her bulk , which had strained the confines of the post office she was sheltered in like a teenager does to her clothes when she 's having a growth spurt .
` ` that 's not a mutation ; it 's just a growth spurt , '' said gastro .
` ` growth spurts are like warts -- they 're all over .
a group of swarthy young men with serious mustache growth stood up and pointed to the front .
in order to become a member of scafarels church with shalia owell and access the churchs resorts and intricate personal development spiritual growth program , jenny owens bought the rose of levity from scafarel for fifty thousand dollars , a bargain according to scafarel , who argues that the flower is priceless .
a quarter - page article summarized the growth of ucupid , its text wrapped around a black and white photo .
if people were going to report on the rise and fall of ucupid , they should at least do so with the most appropriate terminology , xavier figured : the growth and decay of ucupid .
he took this awareness as a sign of personal growth .
` ` pigging out on chocolate cake and poutine fosters growth . ''
` ` i thought it was just miracle growth . ''
moviestar : i feel like i was supposed to have growth in this movie : yknow , fall in love , find my father , go back to earth and see the family i abandoned .
effects are : stunted growth , microcephalus , poor eyesight , learning disabilities and hyperactivity .
its a special blend of growth hormones , vitamins , chemicals , and god knows whatever stuff they cooked up , but the great thing is it ll never show up in any tests .
there are certain drugs that may be able to prevent further growth , which is what i wish to start you on immediately while we explore alternatives .
thus , they continuously cut themselves apart , and used themselves as a source for food for growth .
normal , sane people ignore such growth as only a nuisance on an otherwise fine parade field .
i believe in an afterlife , a kindliness underlying the universe , an attendance behind the growth of an acorn into an oak .
that s the universes only requirement of us , growth .
she followed nellies growth from a tiny kitten to a beautiful cat , sharing a loving relationship with mattie .
this does nt favour the growth of the young ones .
or maybe its caused by his body growth that enabled him to find the answer of his weak points .
his sleep was without image , sound and deep , and her growth went unseen by any save the few lost tree spirits who glided without purpose about the linked fastness of the caves .
the energy of that curve was the focus of life , of age , of growth , the turning of moon and stars , all of which had stalled .
chapter thirty - one - ambella 's garden so this was where summer was hiding , in all her fecundity and growth .
the ones who subjected themselves to the whole race , determined that the mix of alcohol and stunted mental growth of the paying , paying mind you , customers combined to dull the senses of the spectators so much that the thought that they were watching cars go in a circle for 200 + laps was somehow enjoyable .
i was not independent for many years , and i could not make a decision without your input and that may have been detrimental to my growth .
today being a shaveless saturday he had a two - days growth , making him look decidedly derelict .
a long way could be measured in physical miles or by emotional growth or financial ups and downs and it could mean a long way forward or a long way backward .
but for these clear , suspended days , the light booming and echoing in the cavern of the sea and sky , bright limpid days of hope and growth .
he had tried to stimulate growth when away from audrey ; once in the toilet at home , and once again at work .
such guidance had apparently passed muster in spite of the untimely demise of julian beeson when julians only child , eustice , was tabbed as heir apparent pending his growth to adulthood .
thus , controlling the growth of this flower lets you get rid of negative thoughts that constantly turn over in your head .
this constant feeling of growth should be held at the level of subconscious or , to say it more precisely , at the level of a controllable , remote consciousness .
what my colleagues prescribed would only slow down the growth of the cancer cells but not completely destroy them .
but in a magnanimous gesture of liberal parenthood he tolerated her membership as long as he would nt have to be subjected to lengthy discourses on the subject and , most important , little leo continued to show sustained growth and physical development on the watery blue stuff .
this was all well and good for howard , who was seldom present to witness the growth process , clean up the messes , and had yet to trip over the damn animal with an armful of laundry , dishes or even the child himself .
if her growth were not benign she had not yet lost her vision , but she would need to be constantly vigilant that she did not .
a local anesthetic was given , a needle was inserted into the breast and into the growth , cells were sucked up for microscopic evaluation .
she had been used for growth before .
even if the growth were as smooth and as self - contained as a pea , a sense of self , a sense of capacity , of possibility , would be taken , too .
she had wondered if her mother had wakened yet in the middle of the night with the same sense that nita herself had often had that some malign aspect of her body had taken advantage of her loss of consciousness to begin its errant growth .
heat meant growth .
geo grinned , perhaps in recognition of the real , albeit reluctant , growth in this young spirit , or at least , with a smidgen of relief that there would be a bit more focus and direction .
- the roanoke times a gentle , thoughtful , and transforming debut novel about personal growth , the greatest discovery reveals [ chris sorensen ] as a gifted storyteller .
see , cancer can be caused by a lot of things but its the human growth hormone called insulin growth factor-1 that is the number one cause of tumor growth , and has been identified as the key factor in breast cancer , lung cancer , prostate cancer , and others .
see , cancer can be caused by a lot of things but its the human growth hormone called insulin growth factor-1 that is the number one cause of tumor growth , and has been identified as the key factor in breast cancer , lung cancer , prostate cancer , and others .
see , cancer can be caused by a lot of things but its the human growth hormone called insulin growth factor-1 that is the number one cause of tumor growth , and has been identified as the key factor in breast cancer , lung cancer , prostate cancer , and others .
and this is amazing but get this : this growth hormone in a cows body and in a human body is identical .
out of 4,700 different species of mammals and hundreds of millions of different proteins found in nature , there s only one hormone in the entire animal kingdom that is identical between two species human and cow insulin growth factor-1 .
the newer tinier fat globules surround the growth hormone molecules and make it harder for the body to process the growth hormone .
the newer tinier fat globules surround the growth hormone molecules and make it harder for the body to process the growth hormone .
the body can process and destroy this deadly insulin growth factor-1 in raw milk in like a second .
there is enough growth hormone in organic cow milk for it to be bad , and then they add even more hormones to the poor factory farm cows that they treat so horribly .
he was asking questions about human growth hormone instead of what it was like to kill a guy .
hey , you know they say that smoking stunts your growth .
does it look like its stunted my growth ?
the good news is , i think i got confirmation in the locker room today that smoking has nt stunted your growth ... anywhere .
witnessing the growth of a letter on screen might have occupied him for hours if he had nt realized , perhaps more acutely than anyone , that this rapt staring resembled ignorance .
as the tree drops its seed in order to grow , so shall the ring of our hearts feed our love for one another , and from that growth , the blooming of our love will see us through the life that we share .
then will it destroy in quiet stages of contamination , bit by bit putrefying the healthy tumour of life and growth .
but the heart , i said , her heart , my babys is normal and the scan they showed us , normal growth , normal size , and the heart so strong , we read , my husband read that edward syndrome babies have so many things wrong with them , so many things and mine is just fine , just those little sacs , just those tiny things and she said , the lady who did the scan said they re seeing things nowadays that they re not sure if they can interpret correctly and dr mason sighed gently as if mustering patience , fished about in a pile of papers in his desk and found the scan of my little girl , one among others .
and upon leaving the prison , he relinquished conscious control of his hair growth only to end up with a beard down to his chest within the matter of an hour .
this accelerated facial hair growth continued for the remainder of his years and it became necessary for him to employ a team of barbers to follow him around constantly and assist in the trimming and disposal of newly grown hair .
we allow the smallest of fractures in our armor , we let our guard down even the tiniest of fractions to allow a single drop of that urge to enter , for that drop will fester and explode into growth that will not be stilled until you claw your way to relieve the tension , until you crest on the sensation we call sexual release .
i had always believed that he became for degrees adult , that pits as growth of height .
sometimes happened that i felt me coward or dirty and , to smooth me the sins , had begun to convince me whether to accept of traitor to be scurvy , deceitful , pits a thing that made men , pits a footstep of growth .
one of the hardest phases of the growth , the fear to die and to suffer that it degenerates and it coincides with the fear to live .
among the fundamental necessities that for the growth of a small bud are needed , the hurry is not contemplated .
it has a speed of maddish growth and his / her eyes i am practically the exact duplicate of those of mark .
so the browncoat did not go to the deeper part of the underground passage where all footballs always ended up but to another part of the passage away from the pitch and that part was about two meters deep still more than generous apt to hide the browncoat thoroughly for at least another ten years of natural growth but the dark would stunt it so even longer fifteen good years even and if he was willing to duck or kneel for the rest of his natural existence he had no more worries on the invisibility side of the problem and the browncoat suspected that his current shelter was where the flows of urine charted by the neighbourhoods incontinent alcoholics and the older kids who played on the hospital pitch and were not so afraid of the dark or wanted to prove they could scare off the dark by pissing in its face but still kept at least half their bodies in the well - lit parts of the passage when they urinated anyway this where the browncoat was currently crouching was where the flows of urine all converged and also where the neighbourhoods many drug addicts would come and use their needles and their syringes and lie down and sleep it off and then wake up and trail off sometimes in the middle of the boys game which the boys found amusing to high heaven so amusing in fact that they often kicked their ball at the junkies top points for getting them in the head and dash off to retrieve their football and round the reeling junkie and run away and regroup when it was safe and there was no imminent danger not really because the junkies were too dazed and too slow and generally had no recollection when they sobered back up so no retribution was to be expected and so what someones balls got to the junkies head and there were balls in their face eh but the browncoat did not have to worry too much about stepping on needles and the like because despite their confused state upon waking up the junkies rarely failed to collect their needles for later reuse they must have had emotional value or were kept as souvenirs so needles were not going to be a major problem over the next ten to seventy years of the browncoats impending underground life .
the birds capped the harmony and the waterfall batted a rhythmic roll onto the water , opening the plants ' stomata to breathe the song of the lagoon and enhance the growth of life .
now growth has nothing to do with being a better soul , for the twin souls the spiritual growth has to do with the accelerating sense and feeling of the self .
now growth has nothing to do with being a better soul , for the twin souls the spiritual growth has to do with the accelerating sense and feeling of the self .
we can not control who we love or how we feel , but feeling very strongly for another person can be a detour when it comes to ones own growth , because we get to focus on the other person .
the spiritual reunion with your twin soul is secondary compared to the healing of your soul , but it is the intense physical and spiritual union with the twin soul that sets the whole healing , growth , and spiritual wholeness process going inside of us as souls .
enzymes , for example , cause chemical reactions within an organism while hormones control growth , our metabolism , and reproduction . ''
every spring her love poured out to all of the new babies on the farm and she spent the summer and fall delighting in their growth .
you see , my servant has a fine and noble heart , but his mental growth has been neglected , which is not to say he is crazed , no , no , that 's quite another matter ; rather , he is stuck at the level of ' ambition ' '' .
over the next several years we were predicting the ability to stop most forms of cancer before they took hold , repair / replace major organs , heal broken bones , attack and kill most known viruses , and even pause your hair and fingernail growth .
i d had quite a growth spurt through adolescence .
currently , i am writing new poetry and working on a book of essays on personal growth .
sally got a pair of scissors , a comb , and a mirror from their wagon , then pulled a cloth around sages shoulders and began removing a six - year growth of hair .
he believed that inquisitiveness was a growth sign .
for preservation and good growth human brain needs to create good and stable templates and store them .
they go up the steps onto the campus green trees flowered in the sunlight laying dappled shadows on the cut grass there is a smell in the air of life and death fertilization and growth .
a couple had young teenage growth small black moustaches under large noses .
mrs . price , having kindly kissed her daughter again , and commented on her growth , said with solicitude , ` ` poor dears !
after a year of growth , however , this proved to be a problem as he began to notice his strange mix of human and rodent - like features , which together formed a likeness in stunning contrast with those of the brothers and sisters of his litter .
one could assume the hairs in these desert patches were shorn for some reason , conceivably out of faith to some religion , allegiance to some criminal syndicate , or loyalty to some arcane fashion trend of prior decades that had now fallen out of favor with the general public , but that still resonated with certain throwback pariahs ; however , it appeared that there was no stubble in these smooth , barren fields , conceivably no roots had formed ; and although one might be tempted to attribute this phenomenon to cessation at the follicle , this was most likely not the case as noted medical experts had asserted publicly time - and - time - again with unquestionable certainty that there had been no documented cases of any sort of condition in which the subject in question had been consciously able to prevent hair growth in certain regions while allowing fertile growth in others ; nay , this strange pattern of chest baldness may conceivably have arisen by way of some fungal invasion somewhere either in the dermis or in the subcutaneous layers of his skin .
one could assume the hairs in these desert patches were shorn for some reason , conceivably out of faith to some religion , allegiance to some criminal syndicate , or loyalty to some arcane fashion trend of prior decades that had now fallen out of favor with the general public , but that still resonated with certain throwback pariahs ; however , it appeared that there was no stubble in these smooth , barren fields , conceivably no roots had formed ; and although one might be tempted to attribute this phenomenon to cessation at the follicle , this was most likely not the case as noted medical experts had asserted publicly time - and - time - again with unquestionable certainty that there had been no documented cases of any sort of condition in which the subject in question had been consciously able to prevent hair growth in certain regions while allowing fertile growth in others ; nay , this strange pattern of chest baldness may conceivably have arisen by way of some fungal invasion somewhere either in the dermis or in the subcutaneous layers of his skin .
it could be said that this species of moist - mouthed talker who stands before us is beneficial to his habitat in as far as he is able to produce waste chemicals which can be transformed , through a series of chemical reactions in the soil , into nutrients aiding the growth of plants in that same ecosystem .
she needed to finish sorting the tender seedlings , selecting the strongest and transplanting them into the growth medium that would allow them to flourish even in the micro gravity .
these guys always seem to have a three - day growth of beards .
he imagined vividly ( but could nt see ) the ecosystem springing to life at ground level where the sun had warmed the soil and humus , where grasses , weeds , flowers , and seedlings of every type were bursting forth in riotous life , all racing to absorb and transform the new unadulterated sunlight into chlorophyll and more growth to produce more chlorophyll and more growth before the leaves higher in the canopy unfurled and stole that sunlight long before it reached the ground .
he imagined vividly ( but could nt see ) the ecosystem springing to life at ground level where the sun had warmed the soil and humus , where grasses , weeds , flowers , and seedlings of every type were bursting forth in riotous life , all racing to absorb and transform the new unadulterated sunlight into chlorophyll and more growth to produce more chlorophyll and more growth before the leaves higher in the canopy unfurled and stole that sunlight long before it reached the ground .
then came the growth spurt that condemned him to forever towering over his opponents , giving them a bigger target .
you should have quit long time ago , after your growth spurt .
and , under the influence of these drugs , as i began to habitually forget where i placed my belongings , the sadistic games of the father and sister biumvirate ( triumvirate if one were to include the doting mother , still fused and clinging to the child in a tug of war against growth and age that mutate and spoil all human dolls while despoiling them of their owner , who either from reasons of keeping solidified the materialistic marital bonds , indifference , or not knowing what to do , looked down or askance , no longer even occasionally asking them to stop their put downs of me ) became worse .
i kept hoping someday i d have a growth spurt , but i figured it was a lost cause .
the soil maps are right for their growth .
this is a constant thing , this cellular relay race we call growth and aging .
his grotesque face showed a month or more growth of beard .
a big dark man with a two day growth of beard growled at them .
nah , clancy replied while he whittled at his two day growth of whiskers .
sacha looked up and scanned pip from his head down , taking in a years growth and pips gangly teenage appearance .
i wo nt do that again , really , but look , see i have had a bit of a growth spurt .
biological growth appears to be quite complex but can be modelled by quite simple cellular automata whose evolution is determined by the simplest of rules .
maybe two days of growth might help .
it was true that their recent attempts to scale up fractionation of the growth factors she had discovered , the cytomitin substances , had produced meagre returns thus far .
after supper with dorothy and members of her team , janet returned to the laboratory to check the recent column fractionation with bob hayes , and to harvest some special culture medium from conditioned cells for a test series on production of enhanced yields of the cytomitin growth factors .
first she went through the results of the week 's experimentation and set out a schedule of trials and innovations in the methods for growth factor isolation .
i hit a blank wall on my lecture topic , and just proceeded to tell them about what we 're doing with growth control factors . ''
the professor was in the middle of welcoming dr . r. hayes as the newest member of the group working on growth factors .
one concerned the admittedly incomplete but negative attempts at large - scale isolation of her active growth factors .
it was also a valuable self - evaluation process , to have to submit her research this way to the scrutiny of her peers , to examine how she would follow up her early success in demonstrating and isolating the cytomitin growth factors from cells .
other laboratories were cranking out reams of papers on other growth factors , and there were doubtless dozens of teams trying to verify her recently published findings .
dr . gordon has isolated a unique growth factor , alan .it acts on cells in culture to induce them to divide beyond their normal restraints , is n't that so ? ''
she volunteered for only those projects she believed in : and that was everyone that had to do with the armed forces , freedom , the fine arts , and growth opportunities for young people .
the slow homogenous growth of the rusty dermis of the angel seemed to grate with the dichotomous policing structure in which he was now marooned .
uncle jack taught me the rudiments of winemaking but charlie said you had to experience the entire growth period of the vines , from spring leaves to winter dormancy , to really appreciate what went into the art of wine .
when zifi is increased inside the cell it stops cancer growth in its tracks .
even her clothes reflected the growth .
he shaved off the weeks growth of stubble and had a shower .
five days growth of grey beard did nothing to improve brian dales appearance .
no , except that it was about the only culture that would support the growth of the aids virus .
since she started taking the azt , she was losing weight , she was falling behind the proper growth rate for children her age , and she was losing her appetite .
sims had two granddaughters through her , but seldom saw them , having to follow their growth by means of letters , pictures , and phone calls .
his sandy brown hair stood up on end and he had a two - day growth of blond bristles on his thin face .
skin a shade or two lighter and about two days worth of stubble growth .
they set about their own workouts with the grim , silent , determined glee that is the emotional precursor to increased testosterone production and muscle growth .
school photographs of smiling teenagers , brothers in various stages of growth , lined the wall going up the stairs .
they 'll just be starting so you wo n't have full growth until next season . ''
i know you think that i m being over cautious , but mia , your heart and pulse rate have never returned to the rhythm they had before david bit you and your blood is still registering those abnormalities , although the growth rate does seem to be slowing down .
the growth results have only added fuel to the fire .
though he s pushing fifty , he still moves with the gangliness of a teenager during a growth spurt .
summer reflected on each of the generations growth and enlightenment and felt her heart swell with pride in seeing it in chalcey .
pluripotent stem cells can not give rise into a fetal or adult organism since it lacks a placenta ya know the nutrients from a host like a mommy - to - be feeding the fetus for growth and survival .
the room temperature hovers at 50 degrees fahrenheit stopping of the growth of any bacteria on both live folks and dead people preventing any contamination but second and third preparedness does nt hurt .
the major goal is to use viral strategies to express the normal gene in a human chromosome cell lines and to study the effect on growth and invasiveness of the lines , fingers the screen .
i be bodybuilding my family treasure like measuring your growth height .
man , i ve growth into superman , the man of soft steel .
this specie has a multi - cycle growth pattern .
most of the patients were shaved every second day , but john was often left for three or even four days , as he had less beard growth than most .
barbara ritchie relented after two days , and although the beard growth was not a great deal , it was still discernible , and was obvious to the touch .
as intended , the beard growth was obvious now .
they may not have noticed , of course , just one days beard growth .
next day she would release them from their suspended state with a feed of growth factors in her continuing quest to define the conditions for triggering cell - division .
i find it hard to keep up with the assays on the growth factor fractions .
we ' ve tried all manner of procedures to stabilize them , '' and she gave a detailed account of her recent attempts to isolate the growth factor from the medium conditioned by contact with rapidly growing cancer cells .
it would take the most astute investigator several weeks of close observation on the spot to reproduce the complex manipulations necessary to produce active extracts of her growth factor , not to mention the extremely difficult assay medium to demonstrate its effects on the cells ' differentiation and growth .
it would take the most astute investigator several weeks of close observation on the spot to reproduce the complex manipulations necessary to produce active extracts of her growth factor , not to mention the extremely difficult assay medium to demonstrate its effects on the cells ' differentiation and growth .
it was while she was musing among the current journals in the library in an effort to escape the frustration of her elusive growth factor and the feelings guilt she had amassed over the events at the pinkney house , that she was suddenly struck by the answer to her puzzle .
thus , the two factors together combined in the proper proportions mimicked the cell growth stimulation of the original extract from which they had been derived .
seemed very keen to collaborate on my project with isolation of the growth factors . ''
usually the homeless are nondescript and tend to blend in , but this guy has a large lump on his head that distinguishes him from the rest , some kind of growth .
psych report dr . grinberg is a loving father who will be an asset to his daughter during her growth and development .
on the contrary , it has been my observation that dr . grinberg is a loving father who will be an asset to his daughter during her growth and development .
julie muskey began to develop into a normal pattern of growth .
you have to admit that his work on your project was pivotal in characterizing the growth factors ` ` janet winced at the word ' pivotal ' .
with the morning session all devoted to the chemistry of growth factors it did seem best to put dr . elster at the end of that group , as the ' clean - up man ' you might say .
` ` i expect there will be some marvellously stimulating discussions about your new growth factors , and their role in the development and malignant spread of cancers .
with only passing reference to his own epochal work on growth hormones , dr . neuhauser managed to cite all the pertinent researches , from the beginnings of banting & best with insulin up to the current brief abstract of the current work of elster & gordon in discovering the novel cytomitins .
the opening papers , consisting chiefly of sequence analysis of the better known protein growth hormones and the strategies for cloning their genes , were heavy going for janet , and she departed with alacrity via the back door into the dazzling sunshine at the mid - morning break .
for a while she tried to make notes following the protocols for the isolation of embryonic growth factors .
she sat squirming , only half listening to the saga of the embryonic growth factors , wondering whether she should bolt for the rear exit before karl came up to the dais .
she spent a profitable hour with him over the lunch - table comparing properties of his blood - cell growth factors .
anyway , our group is maximally extended in studying the embryonic growth factors for the foreseeable future .
one very obvious mistake made by nature was the rapid growth of christian , an infant one month and a few months later a teenager .
the kore center has an extensive research wing used to study female growth and development issues .
if you agree not to scare me out of a year 's growth again . ''
his teeth were aggressively capped , as if the front cuspids had taken growth hormones .
the first was younger , late twenties maybe , good - looking with sandy hair and that three - day growth pretty boys use to look more rugged .
he stroked his facial growth and stood to my right and stared nails at me .
( due to a last - minute growth spurt , anna 's fancy dress , bought months before , was now too tight in the shoulders , so varena had had to scour catalogs for a quickly purchasable substitute . )
i looked at her growth chart .
` ` but i thought your relationship with my daughter was '' - he looked up , searching the ceiling for the words - ` ` a hindrance to her growth .
svensson was blond and blue - eyed , with a crew cut and a three - day growth of beard .
he studied blomkvist and saw a hollow - eyed man with a day 's growth of beard .
the growth rate was fast -- five to seven years to maturity -- and its blooms were quite striking , with an elongated lavender flower that was mildly fragrant .
a mention was made of utilizing the species in the timber and pulp industries due to its fast growth and low production cost .
setting a date seems like trying to pin down when a growth spurt begins and ends .
hit a growth spell , grew a little .
` ` well , those growth hormones you fed me probably had something to do with it . ''
i step close , grateful that my last growth spurt put me just a few inches shorter than him .
her baby 's growth level was starting to drop off , and the twinges in her belly were becoming more frequent .
his jaw still covered in a couple of days of beard growth .
i ' m not worried about her delivering too early , but we 'll just continue to monitor his growth .
they think that the ' emotional growth ' of a teenager 's mind is too underdeveloped to understand love , to know if it 's ' real ' or not .
she came home from that first doctor 's visit with a confirmation of pregnancy , a due date , a calendar , prenatal and extra iron pills , and a chart that showed the baby 's growth in terms of weeks .
i was as patient as i could be , and i 'd grown a lot in the last year , but i still had a lot of room for growth .
i 'd wanted to be part of his growth process , but it seemed i had n't been .
despite the sudden growth spurt and muscle development in high school , chloe still felt protective of her younger brother .
` ` growth hormones .
it was n't just that they 'd had phenomenal , slightly exhibitionistic sex outdoors , with the air perfumed by a nature eager to burst forth in its own explosion of growth and renewal .
` ` that 's called growth . ''
but instead of a sexy , blue - eyed vixen , the person who stood on his doorstep was male , forty - ish with dark hair and a three - day growth .
most parents keep their kids away from the stuff , saying it ` ` stunts their growth , '' but i was such a grumpy , surly bear in the morning .
a young man with three days of facial growth and a plaid shirt with slacks , an intern from the looks of him , opened the door when eddie pointed to it .
his growth had likely been stunted by malnutrition or perhaps both children came from small parents .
masculine growth , he 'd lectured .
every draft she 'd typed but never sent rested in her phone like a perfect calendar of her growth from naive daughter to fierce opponent .
the facial growth shot an image of q into my head .
she cupped his cheek feeling the stubble of the day 's growth .
she touched his cheek , feeling the roughness from the day 's growth .
when they were younger , she had prayed for a growth spurt that had never happened just so she could tower over kade and travis to make them stop teasing her about being vertically challenged .
but she also knew she had some thinking to do , and plenty of growth left to accomplish before she could do much more than date kade right now .
he 's still cultivating that ridiculous two day 's growth on his firm jawline , and he 's walking in that particular way , like maybe he went and lifted weights on his lunch break .
long enough to hit a growth spurt and no longer fit into the clothes my last foster family bought me , so now i ' m stuck wearing clothes that bobbi gets from thrift stores , and the other kids pick on me for the way i look .
` ` i do n't ... '' he begins with confusion written all over his face , so i explain , ` ` it 's basically where you have abnormal cell growth outside of the uterus .
if any reporters asked about her recent stint in rehab , she was to refer to it as a period of growth and divert attention back to the film .
with brown hair that hung past his shoulders , a perpetual days growth of whiskers , and an always - ready grin , nolan was the polar opposite of finley , with his short cropped , prematurely gray buzz cut , smoothly shaven face , and ever present scowl .
her nineteen years had given her enough growth to keep the thing out of his reach .
the metal rings did nt give with the growth .
an ache at the base of his spine signaled the growth of his tail , then the skin split and the new appendage unfurled .
skin splitting at the base of his spine signaled the growth and unfurling of his tail .
i see the potential in you , your pureness of heart , but i know others perceptions impinged upon your growth .
he slowed the growth but ca nt cure me .
i advanced her ability to fight the tumors growth to slow it down and give her more time so that she could make amends with you and pass without this regret .
last year was the first that a few of the boys had finally caught up with me , finally hitting growth spurts .
he had nt shaved , so he had a full days growth going , which only gave him a more dangerous look .
she moved closer and kissed him on the neck , just below his ear and jaw , and felt his beard from the days growth scratch her chin lightly .
on his feet , he had thick black boots , and his face sported at least a day 's growth of hair .
she placed a quivering hand on her still flat stomach every few hours , searching for any evidence of growth .
gol had said that only a male host could carry a seed from the alliance for any length of time prior to the twenty four hour period because the male was not a suitable host for causing growth in the seed .
inside a woman , the seed would find suitable growth stimulus and begin the process .
not that showers stopped pregnancy , but being naked in front of a mirror so many times in one day , she could not understand how she had missed the obvious growth taking place inside her .
it would need energy to help its growth process , so gol would start there .
his need for growth dictated his need for more energy .
he needed time and energy to complete his growth process .
once she had learned the importance of forgiveness for her own growth , abby had forgiven him for leaving her and her mom .
she had added some length to it soon afterward when shed hit a sudden growth spurt , then her life had changed and shed never had occasion to wear it again .
i associated it with the human growth hormones that dumb athletes took .
let him loose on accelerated cellular regeneration and growth or dna replication , and he could explain their intricacies until the cows came home or until the students grew bored .
excuses would only hamper my growth .
then she got her growth spurt and shot up to nearly six feet and he dropped the little .
it had taken molding , programmed seed design , and the requirement of staggered engineered growth .
she was not stunted in her growth , and yet , lexanna was fully preserved with uncommon youth .
the one thing that ties them together is the sudden need to consume blood and the growth of fanglike teeth .
shed been the one to cause their rapid growth to cover the remnants of the city that had once stood in this place .
the oak tree was her tree , so it had been easier to manipulate their growth .
when i turned sixteen , i had a sudden growth spurt .
you required greater amounts of growth hormone for healing those nasty wounds gabriel and his little friends caused , terzini pushed .
his dad said it was from all the growth spurts and getting his wings .
he was sure his growth spurt had nt been activated yet , but hopefully soon this bro would nt dwarf him anymore .
ill be dead meat before i even get through my growth spurt .
his chin held three or four days worth of growth and he d aged ten years in the seven days since i d last seen him .
it has growth factors in it and costs around four hundred dollars a bottle .
three days ago , a whole package had arrived and shed pored over every item , tracing charlies growth from the little boy whose image was burned on her heart to the man shed seen on ren fletchers office computer that very first day .
laying a leaf - covered hand on a branch of one of the most venerable of the orchards roses , he concentrated all his energy on encouraging the growth of the vine , willing the poison ivy that made up much of his torso and limbs to creep along and around the roses stalk .
i think you understood quite well that madam said fleas , not growth .
they are damaging some of the growth to her organs .
it does appear that you have gone through another growth spurt .
when i tell him my body feels as if it is fighting itself to grow , he reminds me that its probably a natural growth spurt because i m at that age .
she smiled brightly then said hestia , i ' m going to need you to lie down so i can measure the babys growth .
the bad news is despite my best attempts to test their growth abilities of her internal organs dinlas paused for a moment and i watched her swallow hard .
but then , a lot of people tell me growth hormones do no harm , they 're the wave of the future , and so on .
in a knee - jerk response of vigilance after a thousand cautionary tales from my mother based on true stories from reader 's digest , i took in little details about him for the police report i 'd probably never have to file - tallish , dirty - blond hair , midthirties , beat - up work boots , jeans , dark t - shirt , a few days ' of beard growth on his face - and then i looked away and made my way over to the pool table , where doug was chalking his cue .
you know that 's an important part of your growth , learning to take the power back . ''
in the last year , he 'd hit an enormous growth spurt , going from an average height of five foot six to nearly six feet .
it attacks scar growth inhibitors while swarming around the area of injury .
with this new level of personal growth , she could then handle the more complicated assignments on a regular basis instead of these once - a - year jobs .
her growth is fine , her heartbeat is strong , and her brain is developing normally .
he was salty and human , the little buds on her tongue feeling the hair follicles , half a day 's growth peeking out .
she could n't possibly eat more than mike , though , who managed to eat the share of a seventeen - year - old football player going through a growth spurt .
clearly he 'd had a growth spurt ; his pants were too short , his hair was long and unkempt , and the picture caught him in the middle of a particularly unattractive laugh .
i want to watch your beautiful body change with the growth of our child , and then i want to do it all over again as many times as you want .
but in his late teens , he had a growth spurt that had started him toward the tall , strong man he now was .
within moments , she had him panting and kissing her back with an excitement that wee hethe 's amazing growth was proving .
i was apparently a good candidate for this new drug treatment to prevent the growth of future tumors .
through the day 's growth of stubble , she saw a dimple .
his long , white hair lay stringy across his face , and several days ' growth of beard covered his worn face .
the stuff will stunt your growth . ''
his school pictures showed increasing growth and maturity .
on the closet door was a growth chart , void of any markings .
' those were my human growth and development notes , dicklick , ' tina said .
` ` i had a late growth spurt , lost my baby fat , took up intramural sports and got contacts . ''
for a moment , kate was disoriented by the sight of her own daughter ; she 'd had a growth spurt again .
she looked at her daughter , who looked like a sleeping princess , made young by her fuzzy new growth of hair .
she scrunches her nose , and says quietly , ` ` but at least it did n't stunt your growth . ''
the hormones in the pill slow the growth of the fibroid . ''
cade was exactly as i remembered , all hard muscle and masculine features , a shadow of beard growth dusting his jaw .
he looked like a ruffian , with his hair tousled , his jaw darkened by the overnight growth of beard , his bare torso brown and roped with the steely muscles that were never found on a businessman .
at first she 'd thought she was learning about weeds and the importance of a solid root system and levels of sunlight needed for growth ; in time , she 'd realized that her mother - in - law was teaching her about life and love and family .
` ` i did n't put on any growth until i was sixteen , and then i grew like a weed .
` ` caffeine stunts the baby 's growth . ''
his jaw was blurred with several days ' growth of beard , and she noticed that his beard was much darker than his hair .
and after spending most of her adult life looking at men who shaved their chests for the camera , she enjoyed seeing a growth of healthy hair .
despite a growth of beard , he still looked good , damn him .
close your eyes and it 's a rosebush blooming in time lapse so that its shoots and blossoms flow outward in a swift choreography of growth and collapse , twine and coil , release and fade .
he resembled pete the most , the big bear with black curly hair and green eyes , and an unassuming , self effacing , hunched over physical look - because at six - five he had worked very hard through his puberty growth spurt to be as small as possible .
a tiny stubble from a few days ' growth greeted the palm of his hand , and as he scratched one eyebrow and pulled the cap back down , a man in a little red golf cart drove past in the opposite direction .
` ` i ' m going to take a growth from grannie macbeth 's ear tomorrow .
` ` nothing , '' i said , and put a hand on her arm , just to feel the strength and joy of her presence , the years of her growth .
he 'd always been lean to the point of thinness , but in his younger years , his teenage scrawniness had seemed quite normal , merely the result of his bones outstripping the growth of the rest of him .
now he had reached his full growth and had had a year or two to let his muscles catch up .
jamie frowned , rubbing his hand along the edge of his jaw to judge the growth of the stubble .
he was a short , heavyset man , about roger 's age , perhaps , but looking older because of the heavy growth of unshaved beard and disheveled black hair .
i had known we would leave soon ; even if i got immediate good growth , i would not have had time to collect , dry , purify ...
he knew savannah was too young for him , that she 'd need to spread her wings and explore , but for now , he was happy that he was part of the growth .
seeing her growth and confidence was sexy .
it was a measure of her strength that he had tested his budding manhood against her , measured his growth by how well he held his own with her .
granted , a big chunk of that might be genetics , early or late growth spurts , and all that , but another part came from general health .
epilogue two months later beth glanced in the rearview mirror and smiled at the sight of zeus standing in the bed of the truck , his nose to the wind ben sat beside her , rangier since his recent growth spurt but still not quite tall enough to rest his elbow comfortably out the window .
they could , however , sometimes control the growth rate of the tumors or , if lucky , even stop the growth entirely .
when we asked about her chemotherapy , we were told that there was a slim possibility that it could slow the growth in a case like hers .
if the devil did n't have literal horns , he 'd at least be wearing a black coat and have two days worth of beard growth , and a lit cigarette hanging out of his mouth .
` ` stunts your growth , '' said dee .
the drug was phalanxifor , this molecule designed to attach itself to cancer cells and slow their growth .
but i 'd had a total body pet scan on the first night in the hospital , they told me , and the news was good : no tumor growth .
everyone got there and made a big show of turning off their pagers and everything so it would be all about me , and then dr . maria said , ` ` so the great news is that phalanxifor continues to control your tumor growth , but obviously we 're still seeing serious problems with fluid accumulation .
` ` well , we know from other patients that most tumors eventually evolve a way to grow in spite of phalanxifor , but if that were the case , we 'd see tumor growth on the scans , which we do n't see .
after a long time , lidewij and augustus pulled me to my feet and i saw what was protected by the glass case : pencil marks on the wallpaper measuring the growth of all the children in the annex during the period they lived there , inch after inch until they would grow no more .
he actually had a growth spurt so he 's a bit taller than he was .
i was a few months older and had already started my growth spurt ... and i liked fights , so i jumped in .
they were better than the old closed adoptions -- from her perspective , anyway -- because she could still hear about her child 's growth .
strong jaw , chiseled mouth , two days ' growth roughening what might have been an otherwise pretty face .
but the ache coursing through him was n't under his two days ' growth of beard ; it had quickly settled south , behind his straining zipper , despite his orgasm fifteen minutes ago .
military - short black hair capped off his angled face , covered by a healthy two days ' growth of beard .
while he 'd love feeling raine tight and hot around him , they could n't let her believe their time at the lodge was about anything other than her growth .
` ` you ' ve learned that your growth is worth the bits of pain now , have n't you ? ''
she talked about how each of the men who became roxanne 's clients symbolized some aspect of the human condition , and how her heroine 's submission to each represented another milestone in her personal growth .
looking even more delectable with his couple of days ' growth of facial hair , he made her want to drag him to the sand .
but she was trying to grow here , and throwing a tantrum was the opposite of growth .