it was a week after that second round of tests that she found out - to her dismay - that she had an endometrial growth that might prevent her from ever getting pregnant .
any day now i suspected i 'd find a growth or a tumor .
` ` i had a little growth inside of my body and the doctors cut it out , so it would n't make me sick . ''
no body odor , bad breath , or strange growths in obvious places , no bald spots or facial tics .
it looks like a growth on the trunk , so we refer to it as cancer . ''
` ` normally , we do n't risk it unless there 's a dire necessity , such as a cancerous growth , a congenital malformation that 's preventing any useful speech - or a strong professional reason .
they found the growth in his esophagus almost immediately , and operated .
he winced , rubbing his chest where jess had sensed the cancerous growth .
maybe you do nt have a growth .
the cancerous growth had been removed .
but if we introduce life there , and by that i mean accelerated growth bacterial life forms , then it should take six months .
in fact , many were convinced that the vanishing of a cancerous growth , the regained ability to walk or hear or seethese miracles were all due to the presence of the godship .
fine , except for that growth on your back , said jeff .
he had some sort of white growth on his shoulder .
a cancerous growth needs to be prevented from spreading . ''
instantaneously two growth started developing underneath his arms in the gap between his shifted ribs.the growths burgeoned rapidly until they had reached the length of his existing arms.these newly developed obscurities then started separating at the ends and believe me if you will , small weird appendage like extremities started developing , after growing a bit longer they had developed into fully functional hands with finger nails and all , no different to yours or mine !
hidden in the side growth there were broken - down ruins .
` ` he said i had a growth in my abdomen .
it did this after first weighing each petri dish , and examining any growth with its photoelectric eye .
within a few weeks here , his amputated stump began to split , bleed , and sprout a raw tumorous growth .
the growth was a mass of undifferentiated stem cells .
they were sure it was some malignant growth .
a purple growth on her left shoulder like a huge birthmark .
heidi spoke , what if we get cancer or some growth or worse like what ?
more often than not , he had a couple days growth on his face .
she tur - r - rned away the stewar - r - rd of coth a week ago due to an unexplainable growth on his knee .
i do not want to be the one to inform you , but we found a cancerous growth .
and all of a sudden there 's a rotten growth in our armour .
over the lavatory he shaved and worked carefully around the quite handsome growth he was cultivating on his face .
when he was twelve years old , a cancerous growth was successfully removed from his larynx .
he rubbed his face , moving his hand over the same three - day growth he 'd been sporting for the past two weeks .
director barnes said , ` ` the inference is that you believe this ... this tumorous growth , this biological transformation ... is somehow transmissible ? ''
eph said , ` ` redfern , when he attacked , exhibited a highly developed growth in his mouth .
` ` and so the sick thing , the growth , had to be excised .
cal breathed a sigh of relief , he did nt care for his chances escaping in a dress with a three - day growth on his face and he did nt relish the idea of forcing a woman to give him her clothes .
the surgery was successful , took the pressure off the area caused by the growth , it was benign .
he ran his hands across the three - day growth on his face .
his face itched with four days growth .
carl scratched his three day growth and frowned in thought .
once we have extracted the growth we can do a biopsy to learn more about it .
they just said it was a growth .
meredith smiled , but pressed on , then if its just a growth , then why did a specialist have to come in ?
they say i have a growth that needs to be removed .
the first thing we want to share is that the patient is in good health , and it is not medically indicated to remove the growth .
pale and gaunt , several days growth shadowed his jawline , nearly overwhelming his face .
he was n't thinking , so much as feeling , stifling the powerful transformation , again and again feeling the tiny needlelike growth of the hair all over him as he forced it back .
melaina also saw a boy with an oozing growth on his neck , and a man , wounded in the lung by an arrow , who was spitting up pus , a bowl a day , he said .
brent scratched a three days growth on his chin : they were running low on shaving cream as well .
auntie beth could nt have known when she took over her sisters role that it also entailed dying of the same cancerous growth .
she said too many people trapped her in corners and told her about this pain in their side , or a growth on their toe .
a good two days growth of white on the pink skin of his face where the sun had found him .
but as far as i understood by eavesdropping in the conversation between my mother and the doctor , i have a malignant growth in the cerebral cortex .
i have a growth .
what would he be feeling in a week if the growth were malignant ?
and if that was all it was , some small growth as benign , as innocuous as a pea , even that excision would take more than the object itself .
he ordered another bone scan and found the growth .
that would tell us there 's a tumor or growth of some kind in the brain , and where it is , if the growth is big enough .
he understands that he is herniated , that the turmoil in his guts in not from a cancerous growth of cells but rather from his insides trying to escape to the outside .
turns out he just had a benign growth in the superficial muscular wall of his abdomen and was fine .
that night i dream that there is a growth in my left breast .
several days growth framed his pasty grin .
and if she wants a growth removed , she can do it , no questions asked .
a cell growth gone mad ! ''
of course , some people -- like the ` ` dearie '' lady at the abortion clinic -- might scoff at my saying this , and point out that my abortion was simply to remove a growth of cells , and that i was not really a ` ` mother '' like my own mom at all .
only a fungoid growth , i dare say , said deronda , accustomed to treat hans in brotherly fashion .
she also felt for growths or tender areas .
i m looking for a man with a growth on the side of his head , gretchen said .
two days growth on his dark beard , my favorite .
they were also quick to point out that it would have made no difference if the tumor had been discovered sooner ; its malignant nature and fast growth made it a killer without equal as cancers go .
i just think of you as an annoying growth the doctors think is better left alone .
i stared at the odd growth in his throat or was that his neck ?
it could be a benign growth or a cyst .
` ` a fibroid is a benign growth on or in the uterus .
she rammed her fist into her mouth to stifle the sob that swelled like a malignant growth .
or something rarer - a dead twin , an abnormal growth ...
they could , however , sometimes control the growth rate of the tumors or , if lucky , even stop the growth entirely .
` ` if we do n't want to leave her growth to someone else , yes .