a litter of kittens had been born about two weeks earlier and were playing in the hay .
she pushed several of the spare bales of hay around , forming a sort of couch where she could curl up and watch , think about what had just happened .
he was so tall he had to duck down slightly or he 'd hit his head on the roof of the stables , but otherwise , he looked ' right ' up here in the straw and hay bales .
` ` okay , i 'll stay put as long as you stay on that side of the hay . ''
he instantly agreed with her terms then relaxed back against the hay .
she relaxed and sank deeper into the hay , feeling as if their old friendship were back and that pesky sexual tension that always seemed to be around them now had dissipated slightly .
he asked , leaning towards her with his arm behind her on the bale of hay .
she rolled her eyes and shifted on the hay bale uncomfortably .
he leaned over , pulling her with him so that she was on her back , leaning down in the soft pile of hay that covered the floor of the loft .
she tripped on the bale of hay behind her , righted herself and grabbed the beam overhead to steady herself as she almost ran for the ladder down out of the loft .
you did n't want anything from me but a quick roll in the hay !
she brought the kittens treats and enjoyed their antics while they flounced around in the hay , tumbling over each other .
it was n't like the stables back home she 'd seen when driving through the country with stones or wood and hay strewn about .
as they moved through the center of the stable area , the horses poked their heads out of the stalls for a moment before moving back to eating their hay .
ethan , the man who lures defenseless women to town for a quick roll in the hay , then sends them packing .
` ` i knew you 'd had a good roll in the hay last night , '' rob said .
` ` you passed up a chance for a roll in the hay ?
` ` ready to hit the hay ? ''
` ` speaking of bed , i ' m going to hit the hay .
at night they 'd cuddle up , take in a show or two , and then hit the hay .
as he got to work in the hayloft of the largest of the barns on the property , preparing to fix a leak under the eaves before it allowed any dampness to ruin the hay stored within it , he heard the creak of the barn door as it opened far below him , and his father 's voice cut across the stillness .
` ` you want this hay ruined ? ''
some chores they 'd do together , like riding fences or helping with the hay harvest .
jake did n't notice the wooden handle of the pitchfork in his hands , or the smell of the old hay and horse dung he scooped out of the stalls .
he was n't paying attention to the cattle grouped over by the brush to the south in the home pasture , out of the wind , nor was it on the task ahead of him - hauling hay to a sheltered feed spot and making sure all the cattle were in good shape .
she 'd seen the cattle come out from their sheltered hideouts in the brush to eat their hay this morning .
ned had explained that digesting the tough hay actually helped increase their body temperatures .
ned loaded the cart attached to the small tractor with hay a bale at a time , stacking them up carefully so they would n't tip on the bumpy ride to the cattle .
as he trundled the load of hay out to the cattle , the problem of his dyslexia churned in his mind , though .
they 'd have to make hay while the sun shone , so to speak , since his vacation was only temporary .
it was a mix of hay and sweat and something a little tangy that she could n't define .
she was in a hay smelling barn , standing next to a big utility sink while a gorgeous , sexy cowboy rubbed what was probably horse cream on her hands and it did n't matter .
elissa could n't deal with the looks so she kept her gaze on the ground , crossing her arms over her chest and shuffling some hay on the floor with the toe of her boot .
he only let her get one stall away before he grabbed her from behind and hauled her into the empty stall filled only with loose hay .
when he felt her arms go around his neck , pulling him close , jake swung her up in his arms and carried her over to the pile of hay .
jake ran fingers through his hair and pulled hay out of hers while she re - clasped her bra and buttoned her shirt .
elissa sat down on a stack of hay and tried to be as inconspicuous as possible .
jake 's deep voice seemed to be helping the exhausted mare who simply laid her head down on the hay .
jake sat down on the bale of hay she 'd been sitting on for the past few hours and grabbed a sandwich and a cup of coffee .
i just had time to snag him by the seat of his pants and swing him over onto a pile of hay .
` ` i think i ' m going to hit the hay a little early tonight , guys , '' jenny said once we had all finished our meals .
` ` i 'll bet geneva and her two sidekicks are spreading the word like fire through a hay field . ''
how hard could shoveling hay be ?
he thought maybe there 'd be some loose hay for him to sleep on , with hopes of not getting stabbed by a forgotten pitchfork in the pile .
she only owns a hundred , if that , and probably closer to seventy - five , as we only grew hay and some produce that was sold .
she barely weighed more than a bale of hay .
all of them were very playful and she laughed as she sprinkled fresh hay around them for the evening .
chloe almost fell onto the bale of hay as she watched in fascination as sam 's strong hand stroked down the horse , soothing the muscles with one hand after the brush stroke .
maybe take a quick roll in the hay if she was interested .
after her experience with lyall duncan , she wanted to be valued as the person she was , not considered just another roll in the hay , suiting nic moretti 's convenience .
wrong image if the widow wanted to make golden hay with a second husband .
did n't know sal was spoken for , '' he gabbled and shot off to find easier game for a roll in the hay .
' so we make hay while the sun shines . '
the mingled scents of horses , fresh hay and old wood made an almost comforting aroma .
and grows acres of hay .
jefferson walked toward them , sidling past idle machinery and stacks of baled hay on one side of the barn .
he sniffed at the mingled scents of hay and wet sheep .
that i 'd just get dressed , say thanks for the roll in the hay and then leave ? ''
` ` i ' m not a naive young virgin out for her first romp in the hay , you know .
and she deserves better than a quick roll in the hay and a one - way ticket off the mountain . ''
royce frowned , trying to remember poems , but the only one he could recall went : there was a young lass named may ever good for a toss in the hay ... gawin 's face fell and he shook his head .
she called , her face flushed and glowing as she brought the horse to a stop in the barnyard beside a bale of rotted hay .
matt let go of the bridle and made a futile grab for meredith , and she slid backward , landing on her rump on the hay , then sliding to the ground .
the bale of hay had broken meredith 's short fall , and she was n't hurt , she was just mortified and confused about what had happened .
meredith paused in the act of brushing hay and dirt off the seat of julie 's borrowed jeans .
matt was just walking out of the barn , and they converged near the bale of hay .
she giggled , scooting around the hay bales and backing toward the barn .
he offers you five million dollars for rolling in the hay with him four times a week , and i ' m vulgar ?
through the open doors of the stable , zack could see grips positioning bales of hay and best boys scrambling up in the beams and adjusting lights , while the cameraman called directions to them .
the real focus of the scene , however , was on that table at the end of the corridor , beside some bales of hay , where the two protagonists would have their final struggle .
let 's move it closer to the hay bales . ''
standing beside the camera , his arms crossed against his chest , zack watched it all through narrowed , impersonal eyes , but when austin started to kiss and fondle rachel and drag her down onto the hay bales , everything went wrong .
austin came up from the hay bale furious and spoiling for a fight , his arm around rachel , who 'd finally developed enough sensitivity to be embarrassed and equally furious .
this was going to be the last take , a perfect take - zack sensed it as he watched austin grab rachel and force her down onto the hay bales , his hands and mouth devouring her .
a gardener directed her to where the cows were kept , and victoria walked into the spotless barn , her nose tickled by the scent of sweet - smelling hay .
a stablekeep laid down his pitchfork and watched the duke and duchess , then he , too , began to whistle as he reached for another bundle of hay .
smarth reached quickly for the reins of jordan 's restive horse and led him into the stable ; a groom snatched up his pitchfork and energetically dug it into the hay .
this morning , their hired coach broke an axle , and they were now ignominiously ensconced on the back of a hay wagon belonging to a farmer , their trunks and valises tipping precariously to and fro along the rutted path that evidently passed for a road in scotland .
the prospect of arriving in a hay wagon on ian thornton 's doorstep was so horrible that elizabeth preferred to concentrate on her guilt , rather than her forthcoming meeting with the monster who had ruined her life .
lucinda sighed impatiently , clutched the side of the hay wagon as it made a particularly sharp lurch , and righted herself .
i like the way hay smells , and it 's soft .
shoving himself to a sitting position , he raked his hands through his thick red hair and grimaced at the hay that stuck between his fingers .
when i looked at him again his hair was sticking in a few different directions like a bale of hay .
he was into women for a quick roll in the hay , and if he thought that was what he was getting from her , then he had another thing coming .
i thought i could always count on you for a roll in the hay .
she took her work too seriously to drop it for a romp in the hay .
anton came to a halt several feet away , watching in silence as she hefted bales of hay from the barn to the truck while pablo , her helper , eyed them both warily from beneath the brim of his hat .
she looked too delicate to touch , yet she hefted those bales of hay like a man .
she sighed wearily , then turned away from him to remove her gloves so she could toss them down onto the bale of hay .
our sex life had been reduced to a chaste daily kiss with an obligatory roll in the hay once every couple of weeks .
` ` i drew the line when he brought in some hay he wanted me to graze on . ''
luis removed all his clothes , even his socks , and stood in a pile of hay .
the market 's front porch was lined with shiny white adirondack chairs , and the chairs were all filled with bright orange pumpkins and yellow and green gourds set in hay .
he 'd arranged corn stalks and bales of hay from the back door to the barn .
when his brother found out , he got jealous and set luis up and luis 's father caught luis getting fucked over a stack of hay .
prefers pedigreed blondes in public , but wo n't turn down a roll in the hay with something ... flashier in a pinch . ''
there were no animals in it , only a smattering of hay on the packed dirt floor .
it smelled like gasoline , exhaust fumes , and hay , a combination that reminded him of childhood .
there was no way he 'd do that for a roll in the hay .
was he going to plead his case again or was he just hoping to get a green light from charity for another roll in the hay ?
fancy a roll in the hay with a somewhat newly arrived brit ? ''
dad asks as he shovels fresh hay into the stall next to mine .
i shrug one shoulder with a jerk and keep my eyes trained on the hay on the floor .
` ` i just ca n't stand it when you ignore me ... discount me ... act like i ' m about as interesting as the hay on this floor .
she was jonesing for the kind of roll in the hay that would demolish the tension in her shoulders , let her forget the things she wanted to forget .
not just a roll in the hay with stephen what's - his - name . ''
` ` oh yeah , tons of times , '' she says , ` ` i love a good roll in the hay with leo .
` ` i think i 'll just hit the hay , if that 's okay . ''
colby had finished loading hay for his horse when he heard voices approaching across the paddock .
you need anything from the motel room before we hit the hay ? ''
you been rollin ' around in the hay ? ''
` ` there ' ve been no rolls in the hay for me for a long time , '' gemma retorted .
even covered in horse shit and hay dust channing could n't hold back a big grin .
she pointed to a mound of golden hay .
while channing shoveled hay , she considered the idea that she might have some regrets .
the rich scents of sweat and leather , mud and manure , the choking heat and the constant buzz of insects , hay and linament , tobacco and beer .
she picked her way through discarded tools littering the dirt floor , the scent of hay and feed and horseflesh overwhelming her senses .
` ` i saw him headin ' out to the west pasture with a load of hay in the back of his truck about an hour ago . ''
` ` i 'd planned on cuttin ' hay this afternoon , but it 'll be too wet .
the next one was of the man with the baby , except he was alone , exhaustion lining his face as he threw a hay bale from the bed of a beat - up truck , oblivious to the beautiful pearly orange glow of the sunset behind him .
she jerked her arm before she pulled the trigger and the bullet went high into the field behind the hay bale .
` ` i ' m just sayin ' ... '' bootsteps shuffled , kicking up dirt and hay dust .
she remembered sitting in that truck cab , surrounded by the scent of horses , of chewing tobacco , of hay , dust and the underlying tangy aroma of his cologne , and she 'd wanted to stay right there with him forever .
earlier , when he 'd slipped on a matchbox car and nearly fell on his ass , he 'd automatically yelled , ` ` ky , come down here right now and pick this up ... '' the silence hit him like a load of hay bales .
i want you so f**kin ' bad , i ' m thinkin ' takin ' you for a roll in the hay in the barn in broad daylight might be worth someone discoverin ' us . ''
she 'd be bent across a hay bale in the dim light of the barn , wearing those ` ` fuck me big daddy '' high - heeled silver boots and nothing else .
now he was cutting the first field of hay .
cord forgot what a big guy kade was until his younger cousin literally picked him up and set him aside like he was an eighty - pound hay bale , not a two - hundred - pound pissed - off man .
cord shook the hay from her panties and shorts , helping her get redressed .
admit this is long past a simple roll in the hay .
we start cuttin ' hay in another week , that 's long , hard work , pretty much sunup to sundown .
skylar brushed a piece of hay out of his hair .
` ` let 's go out in the main room , where there 's a little more hay . ''
` ` hay for what ? ''
two tractors were parked next to the towering stacks of hay .
then again , his dad could ' ve bought the damn piles of hay .
chassie squinted at the nanny goat chomping on a pile of hay .
then she returned to mowing hay , allowing chassie an opportunity to run her hand down the side of greta 's rotund belly .
a thud sounded as edgard jumped the fence , sending hay dust swirling around chassie 's head .
` ` maybe you oughta hit the hay early since it 's been a rough day .
` ` since a tumble in the hay with your sexy cowgirl sister ai n't in the cards , i ' m up for other suggestions . ''
i ' m gon na hit the shower and then the hay .
yeah , nothing seven - year - olds liked better than hitting the hay at six thirty .
they rolled around on the cold ground amidst the dirt , rocks and hay .
` ` with mud on the tires , a gun rack and a bale of hay in the back ? ''
reagan asked if she used hay as toothpicks .
it just makes me wonder how many more responsibilities fall to you because you do n't have a wife and three kids waiting on you after you drop off the last bale of hay . ''
too early to hit the hay .
except they kept bales of hay stacked on one side just for situations like this .
` ` i ' ve got ta spread out some hay .
without a word , ginger spread out the hay and did n't panic with the cows started to surround her , looking for food .
he 'd helped her unload hay .
he 'd helped her unload more hay .
the six horses trotted in from the pasture , tossing their manes , as if eating the hay jessie had spread out was of no consequence .
however , i was thinkin ' along the lines of the longer i keep him out here , the earlier he 'll hit the hay tonight . ''
she thought she 'd built up a strong set muscles from working with horses and hauling hay bales , but holding a toddler for hours on end used a whole different muscle group .
` ` well , i ' m gon na hit the hay .
they worked side by side in silence , spreading hay to feed the horses and the llamas .
the familiar scents of hay , manure , dirt , grain and grease did n't offer the usual comfort , especially when she heard harsh grunts and the hard and fast thud thud thud of one object striking another .
in super slow - mo she crashed into the wooden slats , hissing as a splinter sliced her cheek , gasping as she twisted her body to land on her hands and knees , sucking in a harsh breath as gravel and hay dug into her palms and her knees skidded out from underneath her .
` ` you wan na bend me over a hay bale and spank my ass ? ''
tell had been seconds away from throwing common sense and caution into the wind , taking georgia amidst the hay , dirt and tools in his truckbed .
at colby and channing 's place , colby hitched up the team of morgans to a hay wagon .
she 's busy making hay while the sun shines , so i thought i 'd grab you and we 'd go get ice cream or french fries or something equally junky . ''
so the tycoon wo n't mind if it 's an old - fashioned country wedding - held in the barn , with hay bales for pews , followed by a hoe - down ? ''
haying it does save us feed costs , but i did n't charm charlene fox to become a damn hay farmer . ''
it is your job to hay .
he ran out in front of the tractor when dad was picking up hay bales .
so the time to hold the discussions about elk escaping and affecting grazing land and hay stores is not now . ''
luckily the herd was in a pasture between brandt 's and tell 's places , so they did n't have to venture far into the blowing snow and frigid conditions to roll out bales of hay .
since the feed truck would ' ve gotten stuck in the snow banks , they had to fill buckets with cake by hand and then scatter it close to the line of hay .
his slow gait was n't due to taking time to smell the freshly mown hay , but mostly from his hip replacement surgery two months ago .
now go check on them boys before i decide i need another helping of you before we hit the hay . ''
or the smell of hay in her chicken coop .
he reached out for it , but could n't reach it where it lay in the hay since he was so small .
` ` got ta make hay when the sun do n't shine and all that .
she woke up slowly , out of mellow dreams of warmth and fire , the smell of hay and apples .
he had the kind of muscles one got from lifting bales of hay .
the whole conversation made me want to crawl under the thick and wide piles of hay behind us .
a maddening rush of sensations shot through me as he went down on his knees and my back hit the hay .
the hay drew in our combined weight , cradling us as one of jase 's hands drifted to my thigh , hooking my leg over his .
in the hay .
i was frozen in place , knowing that i was covered in hay and my skin was way too flushed , like a heatstroke was now a true possibility .
but not as awkward as addressing his mother for the first time looking like i 'd just gotten it on in the hay .
harlow sitting on a hay bale with my knees pulled up under my chin and my arms wrapped around my legs , i watched my half brother , mase , work with a young thoroughbred that was giving him fits .
major asked as he took the seat beside me on the hay bale where i had sat to watch mase work .
instead , he reached for a piece of hay and stuck it in his mouth .
major pulled the hay out of his mouth and frowned at me .
that was n't true - i had confessed my feelings for grant to major on that hay bale just a few days ago .
as much as cage would get a kick out of her strutting out there in her sparkly tutu and the work boots he had bought her for when she helped him feed the cows and spread the hay , i could n't let her do that .
` ` there were rumors of strange things happening at cattle and horse farms but nothing could have prepared us ... every horse in that barn was dead , their throats torn out , blood sprayed over the walls , the hay - everything .
lilly continued edging the car along in silence , winding along the narrow path , moving deeper and deeper into the land where the trees became larger and older , and crypts began cropping up like hay bales in a farmer 's field .
she points to the old woman 's two horses , grazing on a bale of hay by the barn .
i smooth my face and continue spreading fresh hay in felix the black 's stable .
i 'd get farther dragging a mule through a hay field .
` ` and there is n't any hay , besides , and if there was , it would be soggy . ''
we were whipped into a long hay - strewn room , the hay feeling good under my feet , and then the other slaves were gathered up one by one and made to squat beneath a long thick beam some four feet above the ground and at least that many feet from the wall behind it .
we were whipped into a long hay - strewn room , the hay feeling good under my feet , and then the other slaves were gathered up one by one and made to squat beneath a long thick beam some four feet above the ground and at least that many feet from the wall behind it .
the mud floor was strewn with sawdust and hay merely to make it soft and keep the dust down .
on my knees in the hay , i bent over to have my hands and head locked into place in the wooden board , and there i remained until gareth appeared , who scolded me furiously .
` ` goodbye , my beautiful prince , '' he said , and he knelt in the hay and kissed my hand .
dunstan rolled over in the hay .
he exchanged his cambric handkerchief for a bottle of elderflower cordial , a round of green cheese and a number of unfamiliar fruits : they were soft and fuzzy , like apricots , but were the purple - blue of grapes , and they smelled a little like ripe pears ; also the woman gave him a small bale of hay , for the unicorn .
he dropped the bale of hay , and then he kicked it .
there 's hay and fresh water in the stables , for your beast .
if she 'd met him when he was still a shy mortal , she 'd have cornered him in a hay barn and had her wicked way with him .
i ' m about to mince meat and make hay with this thing . ''
the smell of old hay and dry rot eddied about his feet .
it was going to be a scorcher of a day , and she was glad the hay had come in already , filling the barn where her art studio was with the scent of summer .
the darker gray of the barn smelled like hay , familiar and welcoming .
the stalls were large , the hay sweet smelling , and the layout set to funnel the wind from the pasture right through it all to create the sensation of an open pavilion .
two construction workers in intensive care from an unexpected glue discharge , and a van of kids treated and released for something involving cotton candy and a hay baler .
the air was always sweet smelling from fresh hay , and the air circulation was top - notch .
as if understanding , tulpa nosed the bowl i 'd brought the brush and hoof pick out in , both purchased at a local farm and feed store along with an ungodly expensive bale of sweet - smelling hay .
` ` rolled in the hay , played train and tunnel , got their parking tickets validated ... '' ` ` grow up , jenks ! ''
chapter 1 as i lay in the rafters of the old west cattle co. , surrounded by dust , shadows , and the smell of stale hay , anticipation raced through me .
the midnight air boasted the scent of hay and car fumes .
` ` hay ... dee ... final y , you 're going to give it back . ''
` ` hay ... dee ... you hid when you were a little girl , too .
fur , hay , pine .
they 'd been here for almost an hour , still , quiet , waiting , hidden by thick wooden beams and moldy hay .
round bales of hay dotted the surrounding land , their tops covered in the accumulating snow .
i 'll probably hop down to the lake for a quick swim and then hit the hay as soon as the sun goes down . ''
but this was far better than the country - western barn theme that cimil wanted , complete with goats and bales of hay for seats .
no hay nadie .
` ` no hay nadie . ''
` ` what i ' m looking for , '' he said in a deep , low voice , ` ` is like searching for a needle in one billion hay stacks - a f**king unicorn .
a couple of rolls in the hay ?
it causes my hay fever to go nuts . ''
i need to hit the hay . ''
` ` you know , hay fever . ''
nothing but hogs and hay bales for miles , we used to say ! ''
but he loved the smell of the barns : the hay and the leather , the horses and the wood .
i start in slow about kansas , how i thought i had another family , my mom , lacey , the flat country , lime green grass as far as the eye can see , round bales of hay that dot the landscape , the ripe scents of farm life that i miss so much .
i ' m not in the mood to kick the mounds of hay he has lying around to see which one he might be hiding under .
marshall comes out looking as if he just had a roll in the hay quite literally with straw covering the entire left side of his body .
swear to god if tad starts breastfeeding , i 'll arrange for some bullets and caskets myself , better yet , i 'll avoid the felony and become a permanent resident at marshall 's palace of perversion way the hay before graduation .
just the thought of all that hay needling in inappropriate places assures me marshall 's perception of romance is slightly askew .
because something is way the hay off this morning in this corner of the universe .
ellis kicks at a mound of hay before reaching in and extracting a crossbow , same one marshall taught me how to use .
the arrows spill - they rain over the splinters of hay , disheveled and impotent .
` ` it 's called a party for two , otherwise known as a roll in the hay . ''
we circle around back to the barn where marshall instructs brielle on how to shovel through hay and filter out all the horse crap .
there 's a light knock at the door , and michelle steps in looking like she got in a fight with a bale of hay .
drake and brielle have manifested themselves , complete with spikes of hay that stray out oddly from their clothes .
the smell of crap and hay clogs up our senses as the sunlight dapples through a crack in the ceiling setting her hair on fire .
` ` looks like the farmer 's daughter is ready for that roll in the hay .
the smell of hay is strong , but the barn is clean and tidy .
there will be hay rides and the corn maze is ready too . ''
chapter fourteen ty ` ` i do n't want to take a dumb hayride , '' seth , zack 's twelve - year - old son , murmurs as we all hop up onto the wagon , stacked with hay bales , being pulled by a big , green john deere tractor .
i stagger back a step and sit on a hay bale , rubbing my hand over my chest just as jill steps up beside me .
hit the music and pull up a bale of hay . ''
then she grabbed a bale of hay , tugged it close to where i was working and sat down on it .
we can break up a bale of hay . ''
then he said , ` ` welp , got ta hit the hay . ''
i ' m hittin ' the hay . ''
upon entry , i found it was what i thought it was , a six stall stable , cleaner than the house by far ( my husband was clearly not only scary but also a dick , cleaning the stable but keeping the house in such a state ) and there was a barrel full of fresh water , plenty of oats and hay .
tell him how he hurt you before , explain you admire him and you do n't want a roll in the hay . ''
a few years ago , indy went berserk and broke through the hay bales they had set up to make the haunted trail and headed into the cornfields .
` ` hank told me you went berserk and broke through hay bales and they had to cal the cops .
we got around a corner , another one , into another scene with some hay bales .
` ` wrestling in the hay bales , '' i said , staring at the piece of straw .
when he returned , he got on the phone and juno and i hit the hay .
the only thing that slightly marred the festivities was when ally started a hay fight during the hayride , it got a little rowdy ( tex was on that ride ) and we got threatened with hayride - ejection from the irate hayride driver .
unfortunately , he had n't noticed that he was in fact in front of an empty stable , not anywhere near the other side of the stables where several horses stood eating hay .
i meant for you to pick a horse , but if you 'd rather a night tossing in the hay with yours truly , by all means , do n't let me stop you . ''
hunter rubbed his cheek just before dominique charged him , knocking them both into the hay .
hunter , however , lay back in the hay , hands behind his head and a piece of straw in his mouth .
yes , a toss in the hay that was exactly what he needed .
except that , when his brain thought of tossing and hay together , it conjured up images of rosalind in the hay .
except that , when his brain thought of tossing and hay together , it conjured up images of rosalind in the hay .
` ` here , '' she murmured , pushing aside a forgotten bale of hay to tuck him into a narrow stall .
bolting out of the stall , she paused to shove the hay bale across the opening before moving across the barn and climbing the narrow stairs to the hayloft .
grumbling beneath her breath , laylah snuggled between the stacks of hay and closed her eyes .
he sprawled on the loose hay , a taunting smile curving his lips as she scrambled to her feet .
she instinctively backed away , not halting until she hit a stack of hay bales .
she briefly surveyed the white , two - story home with black shutters and peeling paint before shifting her attention to the nearby chicken coop that lurched to a drunken angle and the more distant sheds and a tin - roofed barn that held the lingering scent of hay .
with a snarl of impatience , he padded behind a hay bale and shifted , careful to remain hidden from the passing cars .
the sight of the tiny demon with oblong black eyes and fair hair pulled into a tight braid standing in the hay field did nothing to soothe his desire for blood .
and there is satisfaction in that , and a sense of accomplishment , even though if what i ' m accomplishing does n't amount to much more than hanging out with some kids and feeding horses hay .
` ` the hay adds a nice touch i think .
we really were in a dungeon - rusty shackles at the end of chains hooked on the stone walls , with hay on the ground .
but , instead , he seemed truly committed to gunning for something more than a couple of great rolls in the hay .
he could n't cook , but he could chop wood , herd cows , shear sheep , bale hay , harvest the crops , and do construction .
his glare was hot enough to spark a fire in the loose hay they were standing on .
she saw the hay bales lining the large space , the country band playing up on the stage at the far end of the building , the dance floor that had been cleared in front of them , and the drink and food stations positioned all throughout the rest of the barn .
she could easily have written off a roll in the hay .
even knowing the additional pain it would bring in the future , the way people would talk about how she 'd been foolish enough to believe smith sullivan could have wanted more from her than just a couple of rolls in the hay , she could n't possibly have kept her emotions from bubbling up and over .
as he bent down and nipped at some hay in the corner , a.j .
but the man had already started walking away , delicately sidestepping a pile of hay in front of another stall and then yelping as a curious muzzle reached out to him .
he did n't like the way the place smelled and the way hay and horse hair clung to his clothes .
she was always too busy picking out hooves , carting around bales of hay and bags of grain and giving worm shots .
her jeans carried dirt and hay on them , as if they 'd never seen the inside of a washing machine , and the flannel shirt she wore was an untucked , floppy wreck .
` ` i ' ve got some hay in the trailer , '' she said , going out into the aisle , ` ` and if you show me where the hose is- '' ` ` i have an automatic watering system , '' he replied , shutting the bottom half of the door .
dropped the hay and ran ahead , only to stop in surprise .
found herself returning his grin as she tossed hay into the stall .
laughing , she entered the stall , checked his water and then went to the trailer for some oats and hay .
put her saddle away in the tack room and paused to watch sabbath munch on some hay in his stall .
she could smell the sweet perfume of fresh hay and hear the reassuring grinding of sabbath 's teeth .
was n't around , the oats or hay went untouched .
nodded , covering her smile with a hand as devlin emerged with his hair messed up and hay hanging off his sweater .
` ` say , i do n't know if you 're aware of this but there happens to be some loose hay up in the loft . ''
the groom behaved himself for the most part , but when he came down from the loft with a heavy load of hay , devlin had to step in .
` ` humpin ' bales a ' hay is what they make men for . ''
i ca n't wait to get down to the stables , to smell the hay and hear the sounds of hooves in the stalls .
` ` so this was just a roll in the hay ?
unfortunately , she 'd gone on to apologize for losing gilly , only to find out that the donkey had been fully restored and was munching hay in the small pen behind mrs . tate 's house .
and geordie can pitch hay in the stables .
pausing in front of a scene showing several hay piles , more lemon colored than wheat colored , a blue sky and puffy cotton - candy clouds , she tried to wedge her hand behind the art .
as recently as last week , she 'd exchanged a few formal pleasantries with him when he 'd rung up her purchases and loaded her hay .
while waiting , isaac breathed in the sweet smell of hay and grain that surrounded him , and realized that he was actually beginning to like dundee .
as she dusted off the snow clinging to her pants , she could hear the horses , could smell the familiar scents of hay and manure .
over the past few weeks , he 'd tossed bale after bale of hay to hungry cattle .
he knew from the condition they were in that the trucks had been used to carry hay and fencing , tools and tack .
conner stared around him at the animals and the tack and the hay , breathed in the smell he 'd once found so unpleasant , and felt sick inside .
someone , probably roy , had already put some hay out for trigger , and he 'd simply removed the saddle and bridle and turned the horse into his stall before flipping off the light and heading wearily to the house .
tony had come out with hay hooks so he could load a bale of hay into the back of wally 's pickup .
tony had come out with hay hooks so he could load a bale of hay into the back of wally 's pickup .
` ` i ' m planning to solve it as quickly as possible so they can all go home , '' she said as tony finished loading the hay and went inside .
if she visited at all it was by order of her mother - to pick up some hay for anne 's horse or drop off a sack lunch .
did he really earn such a great living from selling hay and other animal supplies and renting farm equipment ?
praying he would n't shoot her by accident , she groped through the hay and the dirt , searching for the pitchfork she 'd noticed earlier .
put this on your list of things to know : the combination of tinsel , baby angel wings , and manger hay burns like weed at a miley cyrus concert .
even though i 'd looked for opportunities to talk to her , when she 'd sat down beside me on a bale of hay , my mind had gone completely blank .
can you move that bale of hay to make it easier ?
this was his domain , the cab of this old truck with its big bale of hay and long line of black , hairy cows trailing behind us .
the lead guard pushed me into the cell first , and the others threw tuck down onto a pile of hay before the door dropped , shaking the walls around us and effectively sealing us inside .
just the two of us curled up together in the hay , waiting for morning to come .
i am smuggled like some forbidden cargo , hidden among turnips or in hay in the back of carts , awakened by furtive voices and fumbling hands as i am passed from hedge priest to herbwife , a hidden chain of those who live in accordance with the old saints and are determined to keep me from the church .
i drink the tisane - which tastes of rotten berries and old hay - then hand the cup back .
` ` of course he recognized me , '' i scoff , as if he has hay for brains .
they hardly need any steering , for they are as exhausted as we and go eagerly to the scent of hay and the promise of rest .
even after his words that this seemed to mean a bit more than an easy roll in the hay .
asa looked like the kind of guy that wrangled horses or threw bales of hay around all day .
he wants something , and it must be more than a quick roll in the hay .
she glances over at the main building of the apartment complex , which is decked out with hay bales and a scarecrow .
in fact , i spent most of my evenings with that horse in the stables , resting against a bed of hay , reading .
it would have been better if i 'd found him shoveling large piles of manure , or bailing some hay .
after a few moments of reconciliation , rusty picked me up and carried me into a stall filled with hay .
he pulled a piece hay out from the large stack beneath us , while leaning up on his elbow .
my ni**les hardened even before the tip of that hay was being circled around them .
the piece of hay stroked over my pu**y , causing sporadic jolts of delight .
i had to sit up on my elbows to be able to watch as he teased my pu**y with that same piece of hay , rubbing it over the smooth folds , and then finally lightly brushing it over the crease .
rusty licked his own lips and turned the strand of hay around so that the thicker end was now at the top .
he pulled away from my lips and stared at me for a second before grabbing another strand of hay from behind my head .
it would n't have been so bad if conner had n't sat bales of hay on the field edge .
after they set fire to a hay bale , they managed to catch a baby bunny and tie a piece of thread to it 's tail .
when we got back he decided he was going to send me out to pick up a load of hay .
while on the way to pick up the hay , i decided to stop by this girl 's house .
like the time that we climbed on top of this old hay barn and fell through the roof .
when i could n't find harvey , or his alcohol stash , i sat down on a bale of old hay and just sulked .
aside from the hayloft being full of old hay , and probably a few critters , the first floor was n't that bad .
do n't you have some hay to bale ? ''
i 'd spent the day decorating the hay loft with candles .
my hopes were that i 'd become exhausted and fall asleep on a bed of hay like i used to when i was distraught and hiding from the world .
later a chicago tribune reporter writes about the fire , claiming that a cow owned by mrs . o'leary kicked a lantern , knocking it into the hay .
now she thinks you 're just looking for a quick roll in the hay .
i got the impression we were talking about a quick toss in the hay with my man .
one of them is that to someone like mr . raven fifty grand is going to speak a lot louder than a toss in the hay .
` ` i have n't succumbed to malaria or typhoid or hay fever yet . ''
` ` hay fever ?
the shifters used to meet for their forbidden bouts in an abandoned hay barn nestled into folds of a hill , but the land had been purchased , and a developer had built over it .
shifters filled the vast space of the abandoned hay barn out east of austin , the darkness broken by trashcan fires , huge flashlights , and led lanterns .
he scrambled to get his paws under him , the light of the fires in the abandoned hay barn starting to blur .
there is no way i went through all this just for some roll in the hay .
casual conversation with some humans in a little bar outside the perimeter of shiftertown led myka to the abandoned hay barn out east of town , and there she 'd found the shifters in all their wild glory at their so - called fight club .
almost proudly , he shoved down his pants and underwear and stood without clothes , as unashamed as the shifters had done at the hay barn .
* * * * * * * * * the night was fully dark by the time myka and spike pulled up to the gigantic abandoned hay barn that housed the shifter fight club .
sean had vanished , no one knew where , and gavan was no longer in the hay barn .
the barn was an incredibly long metal building , rusting now , built to store hay for a ton of cattle .
the hay was long gone , along with the livestock that had eaten it .
she ducked inside the stall to find him standing on freshly strewn hay , his arms folded , eyes glinting in the dim light .
her hat came away and fell to the hay , and he was pulling her up into him , his arm solidly around her .
he sank to his knees and pulled her down with him , cradling her in his arms as he laid her down on the soft hay .
they 'd kissed quietly for a long time on the hay , then he 'd withdrawn , lifted louisa to his lap , and held her close .
they sat on the giving hay , not speaking .
she 'd spent a while in the horse stall putting herself to rights , lloyd having to pick bits of hay out of every piece of louisa 's clothing and her hair .
she shook her head , realizing as she did so , that a piece of hay still rested on her shoulder .
` ` well , if you 're hoping for a roll in the hay with me , you 're out of luck , william , '' she said , keeping her voice light .
` ` well , if you 're hoping for a roll in the hay with me , you 're out of luck , william .
inside cerise unfolded a quilt over a pile of hay .
cerise hesitated for a second and sat on the hay .
he kissed her hard , trying to shut down the annoying warnings in his head , and dropped them down onto the hay .
` ` on the hay , '' cerise murmured .
` ` we did it on the itchy , smelly hay .
` ` this time in the hay .
cerise rolled to her feet , thrust her hand into the hay , and pulled her sword out .
he circled the body and sat in the hay .
i tried to give her a few oats , and she did n't want it , or good hay . ''
ainsley landed in the soft hay in the back of the stall , rolling over angelo , who seemed to be tangled up with her .
he talked to the cart horse all the way , little endearments in his broad scots as he gave the old animal a brief brushing down and made sure it had hay and water .
there were farms with hay stacked like building blocks , battered mailboxes and white fences , bird feeders and bluish grass .
then everything north of his collarbones pitched over into the hay .
i had to suppress the urge to summon another bolt and keep whipping rend 's remains until he resembled the hay beneath him .
quentin had a piece of hay hanging out of his mouth .
boys in the band had already dumped the daily load of hay bales and farm implements - scythes or whatever - out onto the grass .
instead , he had the strong , tanned body of a farm boy used to baling hay , or swinging scythes , or whatever it was farm boys did in modern times , with his shirt off .
we drove fast across the rolling hills , until we could n't see the house and barn anymore , and there was nothing but the warm wind scented with hay , the green hills , and the deep blue sky .
a fter a long time he paused to spit out a fragment of hay .
he had to cut all the hay before a storm front came through on friday .
you ca n't bale hay when it 's wet because it will rot .
` ` i also have a hay baler that needs testing , '' he said .
a nd a barn full of hay . ''
i was still in drew 's barn , testing the freshly cut hay .
a nd even if i eventually forgave him , i was n't sure i could ever take him up on his offer to make out on a hay baler .
back home his muscles had worked underneath his skin , stacking bales of hay , holding a bucking stallion .
or i d dig a pit for them in the ground and fill the pit with hay to keep them fresh and cold .
groups of agents and buyers and my grandmothers assistants wandered into our farms section of the stables and out again , talking business over bourbon in clear plastic cups , lighting cigars after they d walked away from the hay .
i did nt remember ever seeing him sneeze before , even with all the hay and dust constantly hanging in the air in the barns .
the smells were different , melted asphalt and warm hay .
in the flimsy jeep i smelled asphalt and hay just as if i 'd been walking along the shoulder .
` ` i guess he 's home , '' erik muttered as hay and water magically appeared .
annie 's uncle only used the barn to store hay , so i did n't worry too much when colton started climbing into the hayloft .
chapter two sleeping in hay is not advisable .
first , there 's the hay itself , add in the manure smell and the last thing you get is sexy .
at least this one did n't involve a field or hay .
colt led me up the hayloft stairs and laid me down in the hay the same way he had that first night .
i never would have imagined a roll in the hay could change my life so completely , but you never know what 's going to happen .
jb , never one to ignore an opportunity to make hay , put both arms around me and kept up the patting , but it seemed to concentrate on the middle of my back ( checking to see if i was wearing a bra ) and then quite a bit lower ( jb liked firm rear ends , i remembered . )
the prescotts had a sheaf of corn , a bale of hay , and some ornamental squash and pumpkins arranged artfully on the front lawn .
marian crept to the archway and saw him outside , throwing the pot at the bales of hay he 'd set up for target practice .
thank the darkness lucivar was taking his anger out on a pot and bales of hay .
returning a few minutes later , he grabbed her arm and hauled her out to the bales of hay .
it hit the target with enough force to get wedged in the hay .
grim pleasure filled her when the skillet hit the hay bales before bouncing to the ground .
she threw the skillet and hit the hay bales .
he got mad at her for sweeping up spilled sugar but dragged her outside to throw a skillet at bales of hay .
hay fields that should have been thick with stubble from the harvest had small islands of yellow grass growing out of a sea of barren ground .
and for the history buffs out there , apparently shit and hay mixed together literally makes a kind of mortar .
i could hear the rustle of hay inside , and as the chickens hurried from my path i watched for any calling cards the horses may have left .
shoveling hay down from the loft with a pitchfork , he was already working up a sweat .
i leaned against a barn post , the sweet smell of hay thick in the air .
he pivoted , catching me off guard , tossing down a load of hay right in front of me .
i blew , and hay flew .
pulling myself out of the car , i headed toward the barn , where i could hear the faint rustling of hay .
internally wincing at how terrible those names were , i poked my head around the corner carefully , not wanting to get hit with a mouthful of hay again .
i walked farther in , sunbeams pouring through the space between the old barn boards , illuminating the golden strands of hay , making the entire space glow .
i had a sudden vision of being thrown down on a cushiony pillow of hay , one strand in his mouth as he lazily drove into me , his jaw tight and clenched .
he literally stood there with his back to me , shoveling hay , knowing i was there .
not for a roll in the hay ; not for a quickie up against a barn door , although those thoughts were tantalizing i 'll admit .
every day he worked in the barn , pitching hay , feeding the chickens , caring for the horses .
sweet hay .
he 'd already stripped down , the shirt tossed casually aside as you do when you have hay to pitch , and the sight of his suntanned skin and muscles for days made me quicken my pace .
he was pitching hay down from the loft .
speaking of sunset , it cut through the impending clouds , golden and glowing across the barn floor , highlighting the scattering of hay , the rustic planks , the brown poop .
he kept on pitching hay .
my back thrust up against a hay bale .
as i bounced off the hay , my entire field of vision was filled with hank , and it was good .
he leaned in , the scent of sweat and sun and ... hay ... filling my nostrils .
he looked slightly confused ; one hand moved into my hair , pushing through the curls toward the back of my head , and bringing forth ... a piece of hay .
i saw clark put the pieces together and come up with a roll in the hay .
` ` so tate 's using vamps to make political hay ? ''
but that desire would have been significantly dwarfed by the financial and political hay he thought he could make of it .
not when she thinks she 's making political hay .
it landed too close to the barn and caught some hay on fire so sam and i ran over to put it out , smothering it before it could get out of control .
while we were there , another bat attacked , its huge head coming right toward me , but sam knocked it out of the sky with a metal rake that was lying by the hay .
soft beams of light shone before us , illuminating the yellow hay and dirt floor .
sam began shoveling the hay out of the corner to reveal solid packed dirt .
once done , he spread some hay around and sat jasper 's feed bucket back in the corner .
i heard the soft rustle of hay , and i smiled .
with jasper in his stall , i walked to a corner of the barn filled with hay , sank down and cried my eyes out .
` ` i think i 'll go see jasper and give the horses some hay . ''
a pile of clothes lay off to the side , and a single blanket was tossed across a loose bed of hay , near it was a small flashlight and a book .
i glanced over at him , sitting on a bunch of hay with his one bag of possessions .
he flicked his dark brown eyes up to me but then returned them to the floor , shuffling his feet in the hay .
i said , then grabbed up a handful of hay and tossed it at him .
he laughed , dodging the flying hay .
i reached into the hay and fished around , coming out with a bag .
it must interfere with tossing hay or participating in watermelon seed - spitting contests .
it was also empty except for a tractor and a big pile of hay .
` ` what 's the hay for ? ''
` ` it 's actually straw , not hay .
good god , he was actually fantasizing about taking a tumble in the hay .
i 'll be making hay in the north field . ''
she felt like kicking the crap out of some hay in these clod - hopper boots she was wearing .
` ` i ' ve carried bales of hay that weigh more than you . ''
he never needed to work out - pitching hay and other chores kept him in shape .
` ` i want to kiss you on the hay ride . ''
trust me , he wants more than a roll in the hay . ''
the problem with this challenge is that it 's not just a quick roll in the hay .
her own racing heartbeat filled her ears now , each breath faster and faster , filling her lungs with the scent of hay and leather .
he stepped closer , near enough to catch a whiff of hay and bluebonnets , and closed his hands over her fingers , which were gripping the necklace his grandmother had given her .
the regular scents of hay and leather offered none of the normal calm she found here in the barn , her realm .
installing the new battery one - handed had been a challenge , but he 'd enjoyed the familiar scents , routine , being able to fix something in his hay - wire world .
bo hitched his elbow on the open window , breeze heavy with hints of fresh - mown hay and country hits from the radio .
settling in to wait , he leaned against the stacked bales of hay and glanced around .
stacks of hay were piled in the field farthest from the water .
i 'll watch the news and hit the hay myself . ''
the damp smell of hay and horseflesh permeated the walls of the massive barn .
only chickens and piles of burning hay remained .
not when i fell out of the hay loft when i was eight and not when i fell out of the back of my grandpa 's farm truck when i was twelve .
i ' m carrying my laptop and i climb up into my dark little cubbyhole in the hay loft .
as i walk through the heavy wooden doors , the smells of the horses and the hay and the saddle - soap and leather assail my nose and i breathe them in .
the sweet smells of hay surround us and i murmur , ` ` with you . ''
it beats throwing hay bales around this afternoon . ''
still , he does n't need to be a nice guy to be a good roll in the hay .
note to self : ask andie if they have hay anywhere around here .
i ' m totally not rolling in the hay with him .
a bunch of dust and bits of hay fly up over me as ian stands spread - legged at my feet .
` ` did you just throw me into a pile of hay ? ''
` ` so you 're just going to leave me here in this hay ? ''
` ` i told you it ai n't hay .
i climb out of the hay or straw or whatever the hell it is with two fists full of the stuff .
i fling that hay stuff as hard as i can at the back of his head .
` ` i ' m pretty sure it 's hay . ''
are we about to do it in the hay ?
are you saying you want a little roll in the hay ?
i move my eyes around to emphasize the fact that there 's nothing but hay around us .
` ` i told you , candice ... '' he lowers his face until our lips are a hair 's breadth apart , ` ` ... it 's not hay .
it 's ian on me , the man who makes me crazy who i want to hit with snowballs and piles of hay .
he pushes his hips into me a little , letting me know he 's ready to go again for another roll in the hay or the straw or whatever that yellow stuff is .
i ' m still fishing pieces of hay out of my hair . ''
i grimaced at him , wondering if i 'd just blown my chance at a roll in the proverbial hay with the sexiest cowboy this side of the mississippi .
i ' m just going to hit the hay .
more hay .
only the hay was scattered near the window .
and who the hay was the bandit ?
what the hay are you doing here ? ''
i needed to figure out ( a ) how to catch the copy - kitten , ( b ) how to help the squad , and ( c ) what the hay was up with aiden and me .
but what the hay , at least they were making noise .
i moved to a hay bale and drifted off to sleep .
i rinsed off my hands in the sink at the end of the barn , then made my way over to a bunch of hay bales .
when i got both horses saddled up and ready to go , i sat down on a hay bale and waited .
i watched as she sat down on a bale of hay and pulled her knees up to her chest .
i sat on the hay bale and watched the horse scott was brushing .
i 'd never forget the time he talked me into jumping out of the second - story barn window because he was convinced i could land on to the hay pile .
they 're going to swing off rope swings into the river , riding horses , and having parties in the hay fields .
i walked down to the barn and sat on a hay bale where i cried for the first time since i was six years old .
i turned and sat down on a hay bale , and then i put my head in my hands .
i hit end on my cell phone and looked over at jessie , who was sitting on a hay bale with her knees tucked up under her chin .
i was in charge of keeping records of all the feed , hay , and fencing supplies . ''
most of the time , the cattle are fine with hay . ''
he walked over to a bale of hay .
i ' m going to have to hit the hay . ''
in the morning , i woke to rough hands dragging me from the hay .
a bed of hay is piled in one corner , and on it sits a girl with a sweet , fragile face and a head of dark locks that now look tangled and dull .
tony cursed each bale of hay he threw down from the barn loft .
tony bit out , stacking the leftover hay against the wall .
` ` they 'll bond with anyone who cares for them , but do n't fool yourself into thinking you could n't be easily replaced by anyone else with hay and a brush . ''
the question had barely registered when tony realized he 'd dropped the bale of hay he 'd been holding and then practically sprinted over to her vehicle .
the question had barely registered when tony realized he 'd dropped the bale of hay he 'd been holding and had practically sprinted over to her vehicle .
he got up onto his hands and knees and felt carefully round inside the byre , but there was nothing even faintly edible - only a scurf of mouldy hay .
find a small wagon , and have it filled with hay .
looking about for something to do , jamie gathered up an armful of scattered hay and took it down the slope to the midwife 's mule .
when the hay was gone , the cow would have to be slaughtered ; unlike the goats , it could n't get enough forage on the winter hills to sustain it , even with the picked grass and weeds the small children brought in .
` ` i willna have ye spoilin ' what little hay 's left . ''
he raised his eyebrows and shifted himself on the hay .
jamie felt that he should ask her to sit down , but there was no place for her to sit , save on a pile of hay or an upturned barrow .
the boy adored mackenzie , and as he grew older would spend hours in his company , riding on the huge draft horses as they pulled the heavy roller through the high fields , and perched precariously on the hay wagons as they came down from the upper pastures in summer .
beneath the wavering surface , flecked with floating bits of hay and crisscrossed by the dimpling striders , his own face stared up at him .
i was covered wi ' hay , and the ends of it sticking in my eyes and my ears and through my shirt , and fleas hopping all through it and eating me alive , and my leg killing me at every jolt in the road .
how many times had they thrown a rope between them , to raise hay to the barn loft , or bind a load to the wagon for carrying ?
he smelled faintly of dried hay and cabbage leaves , with the ghost of peat smoke laid over his own deep , musky scent .
it was warm inside , at least by contrast with the chill outdoors , dark , and filled with the pleasant scent of horses , hay , and manure .
jenny glanced from her son to the stall , where a soft - eyed sorrel was peacefully munching hay from its manger , unburdened by saddle or bridle .
still , the heaps of manure were swept up daily , and neatly piled in baskets to be heaved overboard , and annekje johansen brought dry armloads of hay to the manger each morning .
` ` komma , komma , komma , dyr get , '' she crooned , luring a yearling within reach with a twiddled handful of hay .
a big , placid woman , she reminded me of her own goats , adapting cheerfully to the queer life of shipboard , enjoying the pleasures of hay and warm company , thriving despite the lurching deck and stuffy shadows of the hold .
rollo , nestled in the hay next to his master , gave a short , sharp bark of displeasure at the racket .
i sat down in the hay next to him and put an arm round his shoulder , pressing his head toward me .
the words seemed puny and powerless , swallowed among the sounds of hay rustling and beasts chewing .
i got up , brushed hay from my skirts , and held out a hand to him .
to the lord melton who had declined to kill him , out of honor , who had instead sent him home from culloden , hidden in a wagon filled with hay ?
` ` i should much prefer to have eaten hay .
we had found shelter for the night in another barn - this one unburnt and still equipped with a few piles of musty hay , though the stock had long since vanished .
i was lying in the hay , my shawl pulled over me , but was n't asleep .
i asked , sitting up and beginning to brush hay out of my hair .
he sat up , too , and faced me , serious , ends of hay bristling from hair and clothes .
i did n't see anyone outside save a couple of big , shaggy highland cattle munching hay in the near pasture , but the chimneys were smoking and the big white - harled farmhouse had its usual hospitable , settled air .
smith , he supposed , sleeping on a canvas bed sack stuffed with grass ; grey could smell the meadow scent of dry hay , faintly musty in the humid air .
` ` the hay 's long since in and naught to do that john canna take care of for me . ''
` ` certainly better than cutting hay in massachusetts , '' he said , with a glance at the marching columns they were passing .
denzell blinked , once , and did n't speak for a bit , absorbed - apparently - in steering his way past a large hay wagon whose oxen had suddenly decided they did n't want to go any farther and stopped dead in the middle of the road .
the meadow was dry , brown and brittle in the summer heat ; jamie 's stockings prickled with foxtails , and the warm sharp scent of ripe hay was stronger than that of black powder .
his wavering sight convinced him that he was indeed in a tiny cow byre ; it was new hay he 'd been smelling , and the warm scent of fresh cow dung .
he was lying on a blanket spread over a mound of hay , but the cow was absent for the moment .
he said , shifting uneasily on his bed of prickly hay .
the kids - her kids , that is , and she smiled at the thought - were already sticking wisps of hay through the fence and playing with the young goats , who were standing on their back legs to peer at the visitors .
clarence , having finished his hay , was methodically rubbing his forehead against the top rail of his gate , making it rattle and thump .
mr . simpson cleared away the last of the hay and pulled away the canvas with the air of a magician producing a rabbit from a hat .
to give the car time to rest after pushing it two hundred miles , we ' ve stopped off in the middle of nowhere missouri to let maggie climb on the largest bale of hay known to man .
right as maggie almost reaches the top of the bale of hay , she lowers her head .
i take off for the field , running over the damp ground , watching as she clutches her fingers into the hay .
she mutters something that i ' m sure is an insult in my direction , then kicks at the hay until she discovers a foothold , then struggles up the rest of the way .
the barn smel ed of musty wood , moldy hay , dirt and oil .
chapter twenty - two - trick i sit on a hay bale , drinking a bottle of water , looking at the empty stable , listening to the late - morning quiet .
i can see cami and me exercising the one year - olds and stopping to go roll in the hay .
2 the two male kangaroos - both only 12 months out of the pouch - which will fly to london shortly ... will eat 12 lb of hay en route .
she breathed in the mothball smell of his good jacket , and the bovine scent that mingled with hay .
awful hay fever .
my brows rose in surprise as i thought of aj and me snuggling on hay bales as a mattress .
thought she might have hit the hay by now but she was up , get this , doing homework !
instead , the flames allowed him to make out an almost black , rough stone floor and a few pieces of hay .
steadying himself , he ran to the tool shed attached to the hay barn .
the cattle had been congregated around the tractor while his father was dumping hay on the ground , but for some reason they had now moved off some distance from where they once were .
` ` back in those days , we had to take the hay out on a scoop loader on the old john deere .
they walked past stone buildings and hay filled carts to an open courtyard where tony and jackson were shoved to the ground .
to the side of the road sat a row of round hay bales stretching forty feet , covered on top by a coating of white .
samara moved in the shadows of the hay bales using them for cover as he looked to the house for movement .
from the hay bales , he crept over to the grain bins and stood in the shadows .
one of them appeared to be asleep now , the other keeping watch from his perch on some hay bales .
the weed leader on the floor grabbed the double barreled shot gun laying on the hay bales where he had been sitting and fired both barrels into the windshield of the truck .
he felt uneasy , losing his balance and falling onto the bales of hay .
along the main road , shackled human livestock were herded up like feed cattle while nonhuman slaves diligently pulled carts weighted down with bales of hay .
get your gear off that caddy and ill set up a corner for it with some hay .
perhaps woods hay had done it some good .
plenty of hay there for you to bed down in .
a flatbed truck loaded down with hay bore down on them , headlights glaring .
they also fed him cooked meat , hay , vegetables and anything else they could think of .
bull interrupted my alien daydreams by telling me to hit the hay , as he and susi were taking the first watch .
it was airy , and rich with the sweet smell of hay , and the pungent aroma of horse droppings .
they put out some bales of hay around their laying sight and tied them together under a protected overhang .
the animals bunched themselves together with some new hay where they would stay for at least another day : safe till they returned .
they were able to park the car inside and lay their bedrolls on some hay piled in the corner .
her hair looks like hay .
it would be like looking for a piece of hay in a big stack of needles .
in the lane next to us , driving in the same direction as us , was a pick - up truck carrying , not crates or barrels of hay , but alpacas .
the barn contains an old flatbed farm truck , a tractor , and a hay wagon .
jack , is that farm truck road worthy , and will it pull the hay wagon .
we stowed the tools and the generator on the hay wagon .
i would have preferred to be on the bus too , but jack asked that i ride in the tail car to keep an eye out for anything falling off the farm truck or the hay wagon .
he went to the hay wagon and retrieved an ax .
i stood there for a while , watching her go , then finally walked to the hay wagon to dig through the tools .
in the spring , there was gardening , and in the summer , the crew mowed grass at various gated subdivisions built by the boss man , and in fall , they cut hay and prepared for the christmas tree harvest .
as jorge spied through the crack , willard staggered between the stacks of hay bales , plastic water barrels , and sacks of cracked corn like he was looking for his bottle .
he stumbled into a loose pile of hay and fell onto his face with a soft thump that shook the floorboards .
the sunlight was soft on the hay , creating a golden bed around willard .
willard wheezed and brought his other hand from the depths of the hay .
whenever jorge bought a load of cracked corn , hay , or fertilizer for the wilcox place , shed averted her eyes as he filled out the bill of sale , careful to never make contact with the skin of his fingers .
she reached the door and the dark air inside was almost a solid thing , rich with the dust of hay and manure , and obsidian block framed by rough wooden planks and chicken wire .
as her eyes adjusted to the shafts of light leaking through the cracks and windows , she was able to make out support posts and stalls , with tufts of yellow hay littering the dirt floor .
around the campsite we had placed several bales of hay , sacks of seed torn open , mounds of day - old bread , fifty pounds of beef , and some fruit .
he rose from his hay mat and donned his blanket like a hooded cape .
i m warnin you , hay for brains , you hit me with that ball , and there s gon na be the wrong kind of trouble over here , jim said as he hit the makeshift plate - a red plastic dish pushed deep into the ground reading old beths tasty pies-3 times hard with the tip of his bat .
it was sunny like a hay field in the summer , and warm with no chance of rain at all .
neil stood and went over to the box and moved the hay on top of it to look into it .
` ` hay fever , '' he confided to nella .
even though my three - storey goliath house was basically right across the street , i really needed to hit the hay .
she hid behind a large hay bale as louis approached from the other side of the barn .
mr . beamer sat down on a nearby hay bale as he motioned for louis to come closer and sit down with him .
mr . beamer rose from his perch , off of the hay bale with the red blanket firmly in his left hand .
he 's really right behind that bale of hay over there . ''
he looked behind the largest of the bales of hay , then behind the two barn doors , nothing .
slowly sauntering in he sat back on the self same bale of hay that he was on before , turning toward harriet the milking cow he spoke to himself ` ` man on man those guys have no faith in me .
looking to his left he saw wooden horse carts full of hay being pulled along by the smallest , odd colored horses he had ever seen before .
maybe charlie the horse will pitch in this year and he can take us on a sleigh ride or even a hay ride .
` ` master satore and his wife , nuca , traded us some vegetables from their garden in exchange for the hay . ''
` ` you keep telling me to stop letting hay fall , ugilino , '' lincoln complained , ` ` but i ' m not spilling it .
` ` ah , it 's not that bad , '' hansum replied , lying dreamily in the hay .
he pulled his liripipe down over his ears and nestled down in the hay to sleep .
he lay curled up in the hay , wrapped in his blanket and pretending to be asleep .
lincoln dropped the necklace into the hay , and the instant it landed , a blinding flash lit the loft .
when the children could see again , there , lying on the hay , was an image of a man almost naked .
gettin ' married at seventeen , '' lincoln laughed as they lay in the hay that night .
lincoln yawned and stretched out in the hay .
with a sigh he collapsed onto the soft blanket covered hay mattress .
` ` got in some hay .
the conversation shifted to talk of the farm and the hay that had to be cut and in the barn before it rained .
he , tom and the other boys had spent all day carving jack olanterns and moving hay bales while the girls had been preparing food , and jonas pikes cousin had promised to secretly source three bottles of barb wine that he said lived up to the name this year .
the barn on toms fathers farm was the chosen venue , after pledges were made to keep naked flames and hay bales a goodly distance apart , and lectures about improper behaviour , keeping masks on and strangers out had been endured .
a man in a scarlet suit had thrown knives at a woman in scarlet drawers while she posed before a stack of hay bales .
this time , in her voice maeve heard rolls in the hay , and white lightning .
corissa laughed so hard she developed a side stitch and had to sit down on a bale of hay .
aroma of hay and manure floated across the bottom of her nose .
all the horses had come in from the meadow , in to eat their grain and hay .
as she reached the other side of the barn and found another large open doorway , hannah stopped and turned around and took a final breath of hay and manure .
they d have a hay day with freedom marches and privacy issues .
bob and tom were finishing up spreading fresh hay across the floor in the huge open area where the horses bedded down .
` ` he can spread that hay , '' ronnie remarked .
bob finished spreading the last bundle of hay he and tom had thrown down from the loft , dusted his hands and came over to the rail .
the horse wandered a few feet away and began to eat the fresh hay that was scattered across the floor .
lilly was on the hay covered floor , holding patty and rolling back and forth , laughing uncontrollably candace looked at the yolk and chicken shit dripping off her glove .
the smell of hay , animal and manure hit her as soon as they entered .
ryan peered behind the hay bales as indie checked the stalls .
finding what i was looking for would be like finding a needle in a planet covered in nothing but hay .
speaking of bed , i m going to take my shower and hit the hay .
their horses neighing as they eagerly awaited their nighttime hay , restless in their makeshift stable .
she went to feed her herd , out of her nearly - gone supply of authorized hay .
she looked at the remaining hay stacked near the hut , calculating how long it would last .
the stacks were untouched , but had been so for three years already , by orders from bureaucrats who had in their rulebooks that hay should be used within five years , but who did n't seem to understand that the quality suffered long before that .
what mattered to them was that they could show that they had a steady reserve of hay .
she cut twine from hay bales , tore off hay in sections ( called leaves ) , and tossed the leaves in a row on the ground , so cows could eat without battling one another .
she cut twine from hay bales , tore off hay in sections ( called leaves ) , and tossed the leaves in a row on the ground , so cows could eat without battling one another .
as no - longer - compressed hay came apart in her hands , her resolve and sense of ingenuity crumbled with it .
anything out of place in a haystack could be blamed on creatures that ate or burrowed in hay .
it also meant the herder , if she reported seeing him anywhere near the hay , would most likely be treated as an accomplice .
she 'd put loose hay on top of the bristly bales , and a blanket on top of that .
it was a rainy day , and the woman sat on a hay bale .
perhaps she was tangled in twine from a hay bale , or something like that .
he snuck out just before dark , only to see vitamin still sitting on the same hay bale .
shortly after that , he smelled hay , and then he felt like he was being lowered into the bowels of the earth .
i touched it and he caressed my hand with it , his breath blowing on my face , a strange odor of dirt and hay blasting across my nostrils .
we headed straight for the elephant paddock and found susan in with the elephants , cleaning up hay and debris with a shovel and broom .
after pulling some hay close to the little bull , she looked around to assess .
several pens stood completely fresh , with neither animal nor hay .
she took a tentative step away from the bull and he started to bleat again around the hay he ravenously chewed .
he still chomped the hay like he had n't eaten in weeks .
away from the snarfling noises of the bull wolfing down the hay , and the buzz of the flies around the rotten cow , she could n't hear anything , either .
warm clothes for winter , extra hay for phil , band aids and bengay and all that could be gathered from different stores .
she threw her arms around phil as he placidly munched his hay .
` ` fine , '' she said , throwing the brush in the hay .
she made sure his hay was topped off and headed out to the truck .
she hastily crammed phil 's trough full of hay and made sure the barn door was shut tight before firing up the plow and heading down the hill .
mother began pulling the dirtied hay from the stall with the rake .
she finished adding fresh hay to the stall and was just leading phil back into his home when the first townspeople arrived to set up the folding tables and chairs they now used for meal time .
make hay while the sun shines ? ''
phil nudged her with his nose , then continued to munch the hay she fed him .
they rode with melville in his green faded pickup truck and spent the two and a half hour ride talking to them about his job lifting hay and feeding his pet rooster named roger .
chapter 52 in the farm , mercedes is working in a barn near the house moving bales of hay from the far end to the center for pick up .
she says mimicking juan carlos words to her as she stuck the pitch fork in her hands into the hay and tossed it into the barn .
once inside the barn , the man gestured to some bales of hay , then lowered himself slowly onto the only chair .
no , its like looking for a piece of hay in a haystack .
a particular piece of hay in a haystack .
are nt pieces of hay called straw ?
the two struggled to get him off the mule then somehow lowered him onto a bundle of hay on the straw covered floor .
my insides wound up like hay whirled with a pitch fork .
arek continued his walk up the street , over the hills where announcements were made , past the outdoor eating area , and finally stopped by a pile of hay .
i foundi found a bale of hay .
what do i care if there s a bale of hay outside ?
but what is a bale of hay doing here ?
lead me to the location in which this pile of hay lays .
they decided to take the hay back with them to the destville buildings to show to mordon , who would know what to do , since he was an investigator .
no one except evil is that powerful , and why would he send a bale of hay to us anyway ?
the great and powerful evil morchad would send his enemy a bale of hay ?
deep within the bale of hay something was shining .
a slight breeze rustled the tree branches above her and carried bits of dried hay and cornflowers over the hills .
well stuff him with fresh hay .
a few chickens pecked at some corn scattered in the hay .
every day , ben and kyle would have to wake up at the crack of dawn to feed the chickens , herd the cows , and bale hay , among other tasks .
they went into the stable and started shovelling hay into the horse stalls .
and they were bound to mispronounce it and call him erlid or arlid instead of ay - erlid ( the first syllable was pronounced like hay without the h ) .
the next outbuilding is also dilapidated , but is more encouraging , as there is a fluffy , gray cat perched on the edge of a hay bale , watching us with pale , gold eyes as we pass the open door .
among scenes of cattle branding and hay baling , i notice a photo of a younger cowboy bob cradling a baby goat .
as i lay and perved i figured this was not good ; the transformation had heightened all my senses , so technically my procreative responses were going hay wire .
they did nt , and here we are camped out in a field of hay and watertown is long behind us .
i nod , and he smiles , motioning a hand toward a well - kept stall freshly strewn with hay .
` ` hay is for horses , mother - fucker , '' willie replied calmly , as he quickly bounced the rifle from the pavement and into his hands .
chapter 7 a cold send off it was a warm morning that whispered of summer when alex woke up and looked out of her window at a huge black horse that was idly chewing at a hay bale just outside of the forge .
then she tossed the body aside like a soiled bale of hay .
the lion will eat hay like the ox .
the wolf and the young lamb will feed together , the lion will eat hay like the ox , and dust be the serpents food .
i found myself in a brick courtyard with a single stall stable , a watering trough and some hay .
there were bales of hay across to the side .
i ran over behind the hay bales and hid , just as the first policeman fell clumsily through the window .
evans and the three men leapt down from the platform , onto the bales of hay and threw themselves down at the fauns .
i kicked it away , behind the hay bales .
his sun - weathered skin itched from a dozen hay pricks and the combined smell of human and animal feces assaulted his broad , wrinkled nose .
he closed his eyes and remembered the loads of people who slept in the stacks of hay during the beginning of the apocalypse .
as he passed the third stall , he saw a half - eaten horse decaying on a stack of piss - colored hay .
the colossal diseased corpse was too big to fit under the balcony , and now paced in front of a fortress of hay .
hopefully some of that hay is dry .
ten yards ahead sat the dead , grass - colored fortress of hay .
he froze near a water trot and realized the big , nasty one stood guard near the bundles of hay .
once it passed , he crawled forward and climbed up the bundles of hay .
trapped between the hay and an infected freak towering over twelve feet , hunter had no hope .
he wedged his frame between rolls of hay and the back wall , hoping to remain undiscovered .
* * * the abysmal creatures feeler arms stretched against the front of the pyramid of hay , searching for the boy .
the hook swung down low , smashing the infected giant across its boiled face , and continued toward the stack of hay .
a second later , the teenage boy climbed to the top of the pyramid of hay and jumped into the hook .
hays was almost directly in front of her , so if she hurried to the tree and took it across , she would be close enough to deal with him and then help evara if needed .
she loosed and hays hopped over where it dug into grass .
evara shifted her gaze and angry eyes towards where captain hays lay face up on grass near the white pebbles of the tributarys shore , an arrow sticking out of his chest .
eight - hundred people died , mostly from the massive forest fires started as a foolish tactic , but hanyan hays , his mother , and the family dog survived .
i guess the last few years of him throwing hay bales and hauling wood paid off . ''
if you ever cross the sea to ireland and maybe at the closing of your day you can seat and watch the sun rise over clada , and watch the sun go down on galway bay maybe some day ill go back again to ireland if my dear old wife would only pass away , now she has my poor old health broke with all her nagging , and she has a mouth as big as galway bay , after drinking sixteen pints of arthur guinness and she walks down the road with out a sway , if the auld sea was bare in stead of salty water a then she would live and die on galway bay , after drinking sixteen points in padgo murphy and the bar man says its time to go , now she does nt try to answer him in irish but speaks a language that the travellers do not know , well on her back she has a map of ireland , and when she takes her bath on saturdays well she rubs the care ball soap all round the clada just to watch the auld suds go down on galway bay , well her feet are like auld lump of board na mona and her hair is like a rake of last years hay , a and when i rub my around her turage a shell forget about auld galway bay .
rubbing them down with hay and then curry combing their coats to a sleek shine .
the feed bins were full of oats and there was plenty of hay .
ion climbed over , waiting as the bike passed a large horse shed before knocking the naxim officer off the bike , and sending him to a safe landing on one of the giant heaps of hay .
an elephant was gnawing on a bale of hay .
like hay for a horse , said mathew speaking up again .
bogey and me are trailin the cattle along towards camp , day dreamin about hay and oats .
saves us some time when we are ready to head out , but then we have to throw them some hay if they stay penned up too long .
spike sure appreciates his hay and oats come nightfall .
further inside there is a large room set up as a stable , hay and all .
there we unsaddle and put our steeds in a small pen with a shock of hay each .
i fucking love the smell of hay and horse shit in the morning , i say .
after its abrupt fall , the ambassador , his job done , had been transferred to a small asian nation , and while driving his sports car he had suddenly discovered a slow - moving hay truck pulling out of a side road directly ahead of him .
the owner of the hay truck had probably said to the local authorities .
do we feed him a bale of hay for dinner ? ''
there are many vegetarians on earth ; they do n't eat hay . ''
he said , curtly : ' i have hay fever . '
a hay fever sufferer is a bad egg - genetically .
chest x hay .
` ` yes , as cows are clever enough to eat the hay we provide for them .
` ` i 'll bet you anything you like - a roll in the hay , if you 're willing - that they 'll claim they do n't keep records or that , if they do , they will insist those records are closed to tribespeople . ''
rex had once worked on his grandfather 's farm in texas during harvest season ; every step through these burrows reminded him of the anxious moment of lifting a hay bale and not knowing if an angry rattler lay underneath .
there was hay scattered around , and a wool blanket that looked none too clean .
in the dirt field that was the mayfair 's parking lot he parked next to an empty hay truck .
the most exciting thing that had happened in years was the hay truck losing its load on the petaluma road and smashing in alise hatfield 's station wagon with her and her three kids inside .
in any case it was her policy to regard him as a malformed man , one who should be matched , and by talking along this line she made hay from each of his binges .
you better make hay with her during the next few days , because that 's all there 's going to be .
what do i cane if she wants to go roll in the hay with you ?
ebenezar had taught me what i knew of astronomy , on long , dark summer evenings in the ozark hills , hay doors to the barn 's loft open , stars overhead shining in the country darkness by the millions .
at the time of his death , tibor was subsisting on a small annual pension from the church , plus a guaranteed maintenance of his cart , with alfalfa hay for two cows : because of the excellence of his work he was given two cows , not one , to pull his cart .
` ` the hay , '' rick explained .
i want to make petaluma today ; there 's a lot of drugstores there -- all i have to do is find a hay truck going that way . ''
while he was thinking about jim fergesson -- who was now dead and gone all these years since the bomb fell -- he arrived on san pablo avenue with its little shops open here and there , little shacks which sold everything from coat hangers to hay .
inside , packed with hay , was a rack containing four vials .
one lamp glowed sunken ly , and a shadow jumped and flickered as a gangling old man in bib overalls forked loose timothy hay into the hay loft with huge , grunting swipes of his fork .
one lamp glowed sunken ly , and a shadow jumped and flickered as a gangling old man in bib overalls forked loose timothy hay into the hay loft with huge , grunting swipes of his fork .
he could n't think yet his head was filled with motes and there was a huge , thrumming ache building in it when he woke up , he was on his back , and there was a pile of light , odorless hay beneath his head .
there was a small pile of white hay in the corner , and a neatly folded blanket , but there was no smell of horse .
how far i have come , he thought from couching with susan in sweet hay to this .
dry hay with its ghost of summer clover .
` ` just hay . ''
the hay in the center was warm .
now that it was daylight , he could see it was some kind of a maintenance building , with stacks of hay and supplies .
it poked its snout through the bars toward lex , its eyes watching her as she fed it more hay .
` ` there 's plenty of hay , do n't worry . ''
` ` you like hay , do n't you , ralph ? ''
he likes hay . ''
something outside gives me hay fever .
mostly he complains about hay fever . ''
it makes almost fifty miles an hour , and that is n't hay . ''
one of the boards squeaked when grandpa rocked , and there he sat , a book face down in his lap , his hands folded atop it , there he sat rocking amid the dim sweet smells of hay and apples and cider .
so you 'd just say something like ` by god , they 'll have the tinsel and the angel 's hair out before the rest of the hay 's in next year , ' and whoever you said it to would say that was nothing but the gospel truth , but it was n't the gospel truth , and when i hunker right down and study her , clivey , i know they are putting all those things out pert ' near the same time every year .
and more : a scent deep in his fur that was the hay into which jake and benny slightman had taken turns jumping not so long before .
he 's like the dog in some old fable or other , wanting to make sure that if he ca n't get any good from the hay , no one else will , either .
five the outbuilding consisted of a chicken - coop on one side , lippy 's stall on the other , and a little loft stuffed with hay .
roland climbed the ladder resting a - tilt against the edge of the loft floor and tossed down hay until collins told him it was good , plenty enough to last lippy through even four days '' worth of blow .
the smell of old manure and mildewed hay .
it was a smallish establishment , quartering perhaps two dozen horses in three wooden barns , with hay , saddles , bridles , and other apparatus hanging from rafters .
` ` i did n't want just a roll in the hay .
` ` it 's hay . ''
` ` -in the hay , then .
he had been helping their next - door neighbors , the elwells , get in their hay .
there had been sudden blinding pain in his chest and belly and head , he had slipped on some loose hay and had fallen bonelessly out of the loft and into the truck .
the droppings appeared to be composed of pale flecks of hay , mixed with green .
` ` witwer is making hay , hand over fist .
and there on a heap of hay i beheld her , bald and thin and wretched , in a ragged gown of coarse cloth , yet pure and shining as a lily as her admirers had so described .
but i was afraid to leave her alone lest she run away , and wrapping my cloak about me , as if it would somehow restrain me , i lay down on the hay opposite her and stared at her , and tried to think what to do .
taking up the candle once more , i drew closer to her , and went down on my knees in the hay before her so that i might look into her eyes .
barbie nodded , then pointed to the patch of burning hay to his left .
it and the two or three patches on the right side of the road were sending up thick columns of black smoke to join the smoke rising from the pieces of the dismembered seneca , but the fire was n't going far ; there had been heavy rain the day before , and the hay was still damp .
they all look at the little vehicle with the fat balloon tires , and watch as it cuts a diagonal through the october - white hay .
' you need to move hay , you carry it .
so he drove on a diagonal that would bring him to the dome five hundred yards or so from the tent , marking the place to stop by the crushed spots in the hay .
behind them comes the hay .
but that led back toward susan , lovely susan at the window with her hair unbraided and all down her back , the smell of her like jasmine and rose and honeysuckle and old sweet hay , smells of which the oracle in the mountains had been able to make only the palest mimicry .
our job is to hold the hay out of the furnace as well as we can , as long as we can .
brian hookey made them at the forge behind his barn and hostelry , however ; susan easily picked out four new ones of the right size , enjoying the smell of horseflesh and fresh hay as she did .
all the time gently propelling her through the fragrant smells of hay and horses toward the door .
the last cutting of hay began and was finished in the run of a week - that last one was always scant , and ranchers and freeholders alike would curse it , scratching their heads and asking themselves why they even bothered ... but come rainy , blowsy old march , with the bam lofts and bins rapidly emptying , they always knew .
here the smells she had known since childhood - horses , lumber , hay - filled her head and drove the awful clarity away .
iam a man of the bright blue hay , all i say , all i say , until my nets are full i stay all i say is fine - o !
they walked into the stable past the two men flanking the door , one hidden behind an ancient harrow , the other tucked behind an untidy stack of hay , both with guns drawn .
` ` i can better afford to be frank before a witness than make hay for any more rumors . ''
the men lay breathing the regular sighs of exhausted sleep , half - sunk into broken - open bales of hay , with their sabers and pistols beside them : one after another laurence woke them , a folded pad of leather over their mouths , janus to pin their heels and tharkay with a pistol steady in the man 's face , and they were turned over and trussed quickly with straps , heaved up onto the stack of bales .
` ` you have used it , '' snapped her sister , ` ` i ' ve seen it and it 's all worn out and the bit where you put the hay is broke and .. ` ` adam gave a magisterial cough .
he was just signing for witchfinder private table , who got an extra tuppence a year hay allowance , when there was another ping .
` ` she is only under dutch colors because we have been hired to bring in a cargo , since you have that bonaparte fellow making hay of things in europe . ''
laurence put the glass to his eye as they came overhead , a rolling wave of baking heat rising , lifting temeraire soaring high : a handful of russian soldiers were dashing through the city streets ahead of the line of leaping , hungry flames , carrying torches ; there were heaped piles of hay and tinder at corners , and they were firing them as they went .
sorrow settles upon us like pollen in hay fever season .
the occupant of that pen lay stiffly on its side atop the hay floor , legs straight out , eyes wide and fixed , dead .
he pointed as something buried beneath the hay shifted .
most of the hay had been pushed and piled to the back of the pen .
the hay pile at the back shifted as something burrowed away from her .
lorna crossed , knelt , and gently picked the hay away .
` ` hasaseeya , '' he mumbled as he straightened some baskets over omaha 's head , cursing his hay fever .
fresh - cut hay .
the true courier had left a day ahead , with a mule team , bearing the true relics wrapped in rough - spun cloth and hidden inside a hay bundle .
she passed him a canteen of cold water and motioned for him to sit on a wrapped bale of hay .
a low bale of hay sat crooked across the passage , as if knocked aside in a hurry .
he backed a step , half tripping on the bale of hay .
7:37 a.m. buren , germany gray steered the bmw around an old farm truck , its bed piled high with hay .
he clutched the heavy object to his bosom , wrapped in sackcloth and still prickling with packing hay .
the dark space ahead smelled of dust , dry hay , and a hint of cedar .
the floor was pine with a scatter of hay over most of it .
rifles bristled out of bunkers built into the centers of hay trucks .
it dragged a hay trailer behind it , and its straw - strewn bed held a collection of sodden people .
the place smelled of hay , manure , and musty sweat .
real bars , just like all the old videos , except with a little swinging door at the top where they could shovel in hay .
how could something made of hay hit us so hard ?
and that big monster made of hay .
the titanic cow stood munching hay from the loft .
dust and hay floated down from above .
a smell like ashes mixed with hay surrounded us .
i pulled my stained cloak around me tighter as i got comfortable on the molded hay that lay over the mud floor .
one thing led to another , and on a cloudy spring morning one of the village elders caught me in his hay - barn with his youngest daughter .
if anyone among you ever calls me ' polly ' , you 'll all get boiled hay for supper every night for a week .
the honethites and vorduvians could make hay of the fact that you 're consorting with ` ` heathen sorcerers '' . '
she wo n't be nearly as attractive if she suddenly turns bright green , and you wo n't be nearly as robust if she starts feeding you boiled hay for the next twenty years . '
women are a commodity - like bales of hay or barrels of wine .
it 's more expensive to campaign in winter because you have to buy hay for the horses .
there was a peculiar fragrance about delphaeus , a scent of new - mown hay .
` ` hay fever ? ''
she sat on a pile of fragrant hay and bounced tentatively a few times .
he and ce'nedra were leaping from the loft in the barn at faldor 's farm into the soft hay piled below .
give him some hay and grain and rub him down , if you would please .
' there 's an attic - and a hay loft . '
` ` i ' m not sure that i ' m up to watching a group of men murder hay bales with arrows again today , '' adara said a bit waspishly .
they sat together on the soft , fragrant hay in the loft .
beyond the courtyard lay the stables - warm , smelling of fragrant hay and of horses .
and , if the weather was too cold or on toward spring when rains and warm winds had made the snow slushy and the pond unsafe , they would gather in the hay barn and leap by the hour from the loft into the soft hay beneath , filling their hair with chaff and their noses with dust that smelled of summer .
and , if the weather was too cold or on toward spring when rains and warm winds had made the snow slushy and the pond unsafe , they would gather in the hay barn and leap by the hour from the loft into the soft hay beneath , filling their hair with chaff and their noses with dust that smelled of summer .
all of this wonder he gave freely in exchange for a few meals , a few tankards of ale , and a warm spot in the hay barn in which to sleep .
when he could , garion slipped away to be with zubrette and doroon , but they no longer found much entertainment in leaping into the hay or in the endless games of tag in the stables and barns .
things might perhaps have gone further if aunt pol had not caught them in the midst of such an exchange one bright summer afternoon in the seclusion of the hay barn .
the thought of doroon and zubrette together in the hay barn almost made him want to give the whole thing up altogether , but it was far too late now .
the food in the stout farmer 's dining hall was plain , but there was plenty ; and the loft was a bit drafty , but the hay was soft .
they were peacefully eating some piles of dried hay .
let 's hit the hay .
he saw hodor , the simple giant from the stables , carrying an anvil to mikken 's forge , hefting it onto his shoulder as easily as another man might heft a bale of hay .
hodor lifted bran as easy as if he were a bale of hay , and cradled him against his massive chest .
samwell tarly awaited them in the old stables , slumped on the ground against a bale of hay , too anxious to sleep .
tarber plucked a pitchfork out of a bale of hay .
the roof was gone up too , and things were falling down , pieces of flaming wood and bits of straw and hay .
the miller 's wife sold us hay for our horses while that old knight clucked over her brats .
he spied untidy mounds of hay , smelled goats and sheep , horses and pigs , dogs in great profusion .
in the black hour before dawn , they stopped to let the horses drink and fed them each a handful of oats and a twist or two of hay .
back of a vegetable garden and empty sheepfold , a dozen black brothers were loosing arrows at a butt they 'd built of hay and straw .
by then the east stables were afire too , black smoke and wisps of burning hay pouring from the stalls .
the gate of the gods was open when they reached it , but two dozen wayns were lined up along the roadside , loaded with casks of cider , barrels of apples , bales of hay , and some of the biggest pumpkins jaime had ever seen .
` ` the lady lay a - kissing , upon a mound of hay , '' marillion was singing .
brienne paid the villagers a few coppers to allow them to bed down in a hay barn .
he shook his head , muttering , as he made a bed on a pile of hay .
` ` now , make hay , dickhead .
` ` i 'll ask angharrad to take you , '' i say , looking over to where she 's munching on some hay .
i get up after a minute and go over to angharrad , tethered with juliet 's joy by my own tent , eating her heart 's delight of hay and apples .
the tower was lined with water troughs and filled with hay , and there was even a little potted tree under the big hole in the tank where the ufo had come in .
` ` the ship has hay fever . ''
a strong smell of hay , oat , drying dung and whisky hung in the air .
the soil produces some of the finest crop fields of cotton , indian corn , hay , vegetables , and unlimited flower floral vines , and grassy plants .
pocola , mccamy and rusks mama loves the outdoors , and rights beside her husband on the farm tractor plow , inside the hay barn , and toils the reddish sandy soil for growing crops of corn , cotton , and soybeans like a country princess .
fowler farms paints a portrait of smooth brown valleys of soybeans that sway besides long fields of bright yellow waist - high hay with miles of open green grasslands dotting with tiny spots of colored white and black dairy and beef cows used for food and leathers as well as an array of blending tints of yellow and white , solid black , bay and black , and chestnut skins that represent the different types of breeding horses , including colts and fillies .
he brushes hay stalks and seedlings off the long wooden bench built against the wall inside the red horse barn smiles in a goofy grin and finger points at the empty spot .
i guessi should thank she suddenly stops and pauses , gathering her mentally thoughts and eye burns the hay floor then returns her eyeballs back to baycliff , parting her lips , widely then swiftly stands and swings her body directly at baycliff while she parks her fist on her waist , announcing wildly .
tulu names as she cries heavy into his shoulder as mccamy , baycliff , rusk , and wolf carry two unconscious mud - covered rider on each shoulder into the barn doors then painfully slams them onto the soft hay floor .
he jerks taffy into his arms , lifting and hauling like a bale of hay over his shoulders as he dances through the white heated steam at super human speed pathing back to the clear floor .
i nicely exhibit a set of nice lean biceps from lifting too many squared bales of green hay for the horses paired with my faded skinny blue jeans , which are shredded into sideways ribbons at both kneecaps from scooting on the white gravel , playing with the cute dang six - week old labrador - able puppies .
i can sniff the nasty burned dry hay and brown weeded interior gut stuffing from the burning maser blast .
surrounding the castle , i view miles of asymmetric rows of green fields , crops of wheat , corn , soybeans , and hay .
i walk the beautiful colorful nice smelly gardens , consisting of rainbow flowers , manicured grass , short plants , and tall trees along with fresh cut green hay that makes me homesick for my own plantation on earth .
boe swiftly grabs with his teeth and tongue , chewing as the apple juices lands on my hand and hay floor .
we quickly plummet like a shooting star to commerce as i monitor the fall at 5 mph slowing our descent upon a green hay pile inside a broken down farm wagon .
i gently guide one form of two bodies into the soft hay , folding my kneecaps and hit on naked feet , squatting deeply and then we roll to the side in the green hay like kids at play as i relax and release rann from my two - armed gripe .
i vault like a rocket out of the hay wagon , brushing strands of yellow hay off my gray damaged dress and out gray messy hair .
i vault like a rocket out of the hay wagon , brushing strands of yellow hay off my gray damaged dress and out gray messy hair .
i flash back mentally in the third time line when i jumped from the tower castle floor onto a hay wagon with rann saving us from the fighting rebels .
i jog to the pail and grab the brush dragging it down mojos gray soft coat ironing out the hay weeds and grass particles shining his skin clear and smooth with my hands .
tonight , tina starts her new duty as she narrows her eyelashes , searching the darkness of the empty barn , and locates with angel - eardrum the distressed voice beneath the hay floor , lifting the metal latch bolted to the wooden floor door upright , feeling the wet dampness .
he has ditched his cowboy boots and stinky foot socks outside on the front porch since they are covered in horse shit , hay needles , and wet grass finishing up his last duty of the day by hustling the baby calves into the protective grassy pastures with their mamas for his daddy .
she smelled the ocean , and then wet earth and hay .
he reached his hand down into the balmy muck with the iron stomach of experience and fished out an errant piece of hay while blue tried not to blanch .
i could smell we had arrived at the ponies rides by the hint of hay in the air .
but i definitely caught a whiff of hay .
minutes felt like hours , but they finally reached a wagon , which was situated under a towering tree and loaded with bales of hay .
he hopped on the wagon and spread a few out over the scratchy hay .
she did nt know which one itched most , the hay , the blanket , or the cloak jules had given her .
he said , blowing a piece of hay in her direction , to which sarah just rolled her eyes again .
moonlight pooled in through the cracks of hay piled above them .
lets check it out , he said , reaching into the hay and pulling out the tranquilizer gun .
cody went back in the barn , saw everyone lying on some hay bales , laid down beside sarah and promptly fell back asleep .
they crashed over on those bales of hay and in the dune buggy and slept .
then they went over to those bales of hay and fell asleep .
my nostrils inhale the scent of wet hay , dust , and a far gone hint of manure : a barn .
i do nt even see a stack of hay bales or a box or anything to climb up on .
one lap around the hayloft later , i determine that there are two ways to get down : through a small door at one end , through which hay would have been loaded back when this farm was busy and prosperous , and the straight drop down into the barn .
a search of the barn turns up only moldy hay and a small bag of rotting grain .
there are chunks of grass , hay , and a frothy substance that s probably cud or something floating on top , but i still dunk my face in and drink .
its slow going , though , and by the time i finish i collapse back into the hay .
i remember those autumn nights curled up in the hay with lila in my arms , her fur warming me .
everything has a gold sheen on it , the hay and the wooden walls and the dust motes floating in the air .
i take off the remains of my pants and my shirt and crouch in the hay .
he puts everything down on the dirty hay and looks at me expectantly .
the night frost has left its mark on the hay , ice coating each straw .
the frost tonight is not so bad as in my dream no arctic ice covering everything with white but i ve nestled myself under the hay for warmth .
the acrid breath of old , damp hay hit them .
fourteen the smell of hay and farm animals surrounded us as we appeared in the middle of a field .
kol nods his head right away getting out of his bed in the hay of the run down barn , right after ragnar is gone he goes to his hiding place for the money getting just enough to pay ragnar for this week saving the rest to leave afterward , he had hoped he would have been able to leave before he had to pay but things did nt work out that way , no choice now but to pay .
chapter 11 waking the dead would have probably been easier than getting sander out of bed at the break of dawn , vasos had tried clapping near his ear , yelling in it even hitting the swords together while screaming for help , still sander snored peacefully in the hay of the barn they had slept in for the night .
i was under piles of hay .
it was empty with the exception of some hay on the floor .
do nt tramp the hay .
the briny air carried the scent of fresh mown hay , and a dampness that clung like a wet towel .
not this , i mean , i do nt golf , but cash and i used to have this game growing up where we would find a stick and see who could hit rocks , hay , pretty much whatever we could find to hit .
as i walk back across the barn to cash sitting on a bale of hay messing on his phone and looking hot as hell .
i shoveled out all the hay , scrubbed the floors and walls with hot water and vinegar , dried everything and then replaced the hay in each stall .
i shoveled out all the hay , scrubbed the floors and walls with hot water and vinegar , dried everything and then replaced the hay in each stall .
his shoulders slumped and he kicked at the dirt and hay mixture covering the ground .
he tossed the key and i watched it land in a pile of loose hay .
quickly , i jumped into the hay and just as fast the spiky straw was all over me .
i panicked as my body began freezing up on me , with the hay scratching at every exposed inch of my flesh .
the key was small and i was too afraid to throw any of the hay around so i parted it and pressed at it trying to feel for the key i was nt seeing .
i stretched my fingers wide and ran them along the floor beneath the stack of hay and felt something cold slide next to my left pinky finger .
hope squeezed my heart as i held my breath and brushed the hay out of my way .
i offer a pat and rub as i feed hay to what i think is a horse .
we say our goodbyes and then we are off down the road being led by journar past a tall hay field to a small house similar in size and decorations .
chapter 21 : revelations i hurry through the hay field and unto the road toward cassies house with miriam at my side .
as i walk the road , the tops of the hay move near me .
we cross a hay field , i hate the stuff , it makes me itch and sneeze .
i open my eyes to find myself on the ground in the middle of the hay field .
i point to the hills in the distance and then move to take the route that leads to a hay field .
it takes a short while longer to reach the hay fields .
in the far corner is a mattress of hay and upon it lies helga belsgammon .
again he tosses grains of hay from the pouch at his waist .
what the hay !
burried under stacks of hay and straw lay the archaic box , telling a story of outlaws in sherwood forest .
he stepped down off the horse and lead it to a bucket of water and a stack of hay .
her hair was the color of hay , only silky instead of stiff and rough .
rema assumed it was from lifting bales of hay , buckets of water , and working with horses on a daily basis .
darmik drew in a deep breath , smelling horse sweat and sweet hay .
she ran inside the stables , the familiar smell of hay immediately calming her .
lord filmar , although tall , was thinly built , and it looked like if he were to lift a bale of hay , his arms would break .
a sleeping stable hand rolled onto his side on a pile of hay right next to the door .
entering the stables , the smell of hay and horses made his body instantly relax .
she had no problem shoveling hay , getting buckets of water , or riding a horse all day , but put her in carriage for two weeks straight , and she was a mess .
she slid the mattress in the corner and sat down , inhaling the fresh smell of hay .
the grass was yellowed , the color of dried hay .
it reminded me of the fall festivals we had back home with hay bales arranged in a circle and a giant bonfire in the center .
ryder asked as we took a seat on a bale of hay .
in frustration , jackson picked up a huge armful of hay and threw it as hard as he could into the next stall .
kokum stood there with a huge clump of hay balancing on her head like a hat .
i need you to load some hay bales onto the truck .
this is a metaphysical trip , not a physical ride on a hay wagon .
the float covers in yellow hay and yellow sawdust particles with a wooden table in the center of the lorry .
i safely landed in a hay wagon a short ten - story high descent .
i gallop like racehorse to the opposite end of my personal long wooden box and peek - a - boo inside , a shiny sharp sword inside yellow hay clippings .
lou was dozing on a pile of hay in the corner , but at the sound of hoofbeats he came awake with a start and ran to hold the reins .
besides ... she attempted to take a step toward him , but her foot caught in the hay and she tripped .
we ve got the orchard to tend to , the hay fields , livestock to take care of and the barn and equipment to maintain .
once you re done here , rich said , hobbling out the back doors , head on down to the hay fields .
i ve been over in the hay fields forkin straw .
the hammer hung between the boards as he collapsed into a mound of hay in the empty horse stall next to lily .
she rolled off noah and lay next to him in the hay .
when the last nail had been hammered into place and the toolbox returned , noah strode over the knoll and down into the hay fields to rejoin his crew .
rich asked , tossing another fork - load of hay onto their stack .
he spread the hay out on the floor and curled up under the rest .
he nestled his head into the hay and released his grip on consciousness .
daphne waited her turn next to cam and emma on the dirt with the sharp smell of animal and leather and hay .
the row of pines was thin and not high , and on the other side was a yellow patch of hay .
she sat in the grass against one of the thin trunks , crying a little and trying to think of what to do when she noticed , just past the yellow field of hay , an orange and gray dome tent .
first , she needed some hay .
kiethara reached up on her toes and held the tip of the hay against the flames .
she stumbled forward , the wooden floor littered with strands of hay .
it was wood and hay , nothing more .
faye had slept on hay next to ten people she had never met before in a large wooden barn .
i walk him to the door , wishing him a good night and safe travel back to his hotel , and decide that its time for me to hit the hay .
kurt chewed on a blade of hay thoughtfully , and then dropped it into the mud at his feet .
when he came to the gate , kurt noted the other three mares and their foals milling about the hay crib .
toss them down some hay from the loft , and dump their grain in .
he sat down on a hay bale opposite carpias stall .
he has nt touched his hay or grain , and i do nt think he s been drinking .
there s no more grain , but we have a lot of hay in the trailer .
i could reach the hay in the net and grabbed a handful .
he stretched out his neck and tried to reach the hay in my hand .
the hay was still too far out of his reach .
i held out the hay , and he got a taste .
i gave him the handful of hay .
then , he found the hay net and the rest was history .
he not only had the net of alfalfa grass hay , the manger was full too .
despite the long driving time , he had plenty of hay left .
i think he wants to finish the hay first , i said .
mom went to get jack to put a bale of grass hay in the manger .
he pinned his ears flat against his head and stomped one foot , then kept eating , pulling hay from the manger .
mom promised a whole bale of hay in your stall .
when i pushed on his chest again , he simply leaned further toward the hay and continued chewing .
he wants to finish the hay in the trailer , i said .
mom had obviously succeeded in taking twaziem away from the hay .
green paddocks , trees following a creek at the bottom of a small valley , and in the distance , black and white cows milling around some hay bales .
cupcake was at the back of the stable , eating some hay .
like an elephant burping after eating a big bale of hay , barret volleyed back .
she figured no one in her family would even notice whether she was around or not anyway , so what the hay .
his royal blue riding helmet lay on top of the hay near the stall door .
there were a couple of broken hay bales behind him in the bed of the truck and there was hay on the flannel shirt he wore .
there were a couple of broken hay bales behind him in the bed of the truck and there was hay on the flannel shirt he wore .
he grabbed his pitch fork and went back to pitching hay .
pizza delivery guys do nt pitch hay .
bloom stopped pitching hay and straightened up .
he grabbed the fork and started pitching hay again .
no better fire to test your mettle than a really hot one , said bloom , grabbing his fork again and pitching hay .
crewe uses his feet to brush aside the stray hay that covers a wooden doorway .
allan pulls out a container with something that sorta looks like a small hay bundle .
at this cue , max goes ahead of losev into the yard and leads the doctor 's horse from the stable , where it has enjoyed a brief rest and some hay , and begins to harness it to the buggy .
the fairgrounds share land with the county rodeo , so the air reeks of horse poop and hay bales mixed with the scent of kettle corn and sausages on a stick .
i see green everywhere as we pass some fields with rolled hay and grazing sheep .
they only give me hay fever .
around me there were some rusty old bits of iron , some pallets , some old petrol cans , big chunks of fire wood and some bales of hay .
i had to muck the stables out , change the hay , give the horses the feed and put the bags in my old shed .
i can still feel the sea air blast out all that hay , horse dung and saddle soap that seemed to cling to our skin .
that evening i washed down the yard , shifted the hay and barrowed off the horse dung to the big pile for mad keith to spread on his garden .
when she saw the elves bringing in their own hay , she would tell her master and he would bring his in , too .
when the rains came , his hay was always dry .
it was an airy structure , the second level loft and floor below covered in hay .
i sank into the hay , my fingers pulling the sketchbook free of my belt .
i lowered the book and placed it on the hay .
i picked at the hay .
the smell of hay , soap , and watermelon .
balkind smelled of his sanctuary : sun ripened hay and fermented dough .
the new arrivals were already arranging hay bales into makeshift benches and were passing platters and spoons to each other .
more men arrived ; more makeshift tables were set up with hay bales pressed into use as benches .
but then he nodded and gestured at alexis to step aside so he could extract himself from the hay bale .
harry said , sinking onto the hay bale again , as lord massant , blain and romulus moved away .
he shouted and shoving alexis aside , clambered over the hay bale and hurried to help .
but the thought just jogged through his mind like a sea horse in a turbulent surf , no , his emotion was more like a load of laundry going around which he was anxious to put in the dryer , but he was forced to wait : if hoang - ha and tien had been at a picnic where emotional disturbance was like disturbance by yellow jackets , then anxiety as a side effect of the medication they took felt like a tractor on a hay ride on itchy hay .
they were made of stacks of bales of hay covered with cloths that showed rings of red , blue and white .
we dash into the horse barn dropping me on hay .
when there was no answer , he pushed the stable door open and the mingled smell of hay and manure assaulted him .
lily groped around for the only object she could find , which turned out to be a fistful of hay .
he sat down on a bale of hay several paces away from her .
grain and hay , gunpowder , manure .
there are bandages and scissors and thread in the hay and sawdust .
once inside the coolness of the barn , we took seats made of hay bales in the back , near the horses .
as everyone filed in to take their seats , avalon stood up from the hay bale we were sharing and took his place in the front of the room .
she patted the hay bale she was still perched upon and i joined her , pulling my skirt down behind my legs so the straw would not scratch me .
i came right out and told him everything about my origins , my destiny on this planet and my future role in saving earth from the legions of darkness one day when we were climbing hay bales on his familys farm .
dna molecules are amusing since my brain cells ca nt comprehend the medical explanation but each warfield son looks like their daddy with tallness with big broad shoulders for working the farm equipment and hay bales and a set of short cropped locks of blonde hair minus the heated sweat over their golden tanned bodies with emerald green pupils while cinta is an exact version of her healthy mama .
the bouncy house is floating upright for the time being as far as my memory cells can process which is around four years old i clearly remember one of my earliest birthday parties that is always housed inside the biggest barn on our property since the interior floor is used to storage fresh green hay and tons of oats for the horses and grains of wheat for the crops , not the smelly old horse crap left by the stallions .
starting the party at three in the afternoon , daddy provides kiddie pony rides , hay wagon rides , a bouncy foam house exhibition for the young kids of the farm workers and for the pre - teens there are bow and arrow fun and a long horse trail lead by the responsible teens as well as serving folks with tons of fresh pork bbq , thousands of gallons of baked beans , hundreds of corn - on - the - cobs , big containers of fresh sliced potato salad , oceans of sweet tea , and batches of freshly home - baked rainbow - colored sprinkled cupcakes that s really for the younger kids then at precisely five all the children go home to watch tv or to sleep as the party entertains the adults with a hoe down .
buti need for ya to hay the horses out in the pastures .
i jump , kitten - like upon the tail gate of the old 1950s truck that s been in the patillo family longer than some of the well - nourished shit weeds around the septic tank as i toss back the cloth tarp and double - check visually for eight bales of 100 pounds of yellow hay to feed the horses .
i do nt have to pitch the hay from the truck bed just kick it with my boot over the tail gate into the grassy field so the horses can snack during the night time for added strength of their morning chores the next day .
i hug the brakes going slo mo down the hill parking the truck near the first group of horses , jump , kitten - like out the truck and climb with gloves and boot toes onto the tail gate then kick the snot of the first hay bale as it grunts in silent and whips out the tail end of the truck onto the green grass while the horses lift their faces and stare at me then stare at the hay then patiently wait for me to leave .
i hug the brakes going slo mo down the hill parking the truck near the first group of horses , jump , kitten - like out the truck and climb with gloves and boot toes onto the tail gate then kick the snot of the first hay bale as it grunts in silent and whips out the tail end of the truck onto the green grass while the horses lift their faces and stare at me then stare at the hay then patiently wait for me to leave .
i jerk the gear into d drive to the semi - group another set of horses , get out the truck , climb onto the tail gate and push the hay onto the lip then kick the snot out of the rectangular organic box as it slowly slips off with a little help of earths gravity in the green grass while i repeat this manual exercise six more freaking times until the truck bed is empty .
then for my outlaw fun after i slo poke shuttle safely away from the horses for safety half way up the second hill i quickly gun the gas pedal down to the floor while the old engine kicks into overdrive riding the truck like a snow mobile on pretend snow that colors in puke green instead of pure white while cleaning brilliantly the loose strands of hay and grain seedlings out the truck bed and over the horse field without daddys permission , of course .
mama will specifically asked if i eye spied buster eats his hay or busts his two hoofs in some other horses muzzle so i lay the binoculars on the tool box and climb with two hands and two boot toes over the short truck railing and bounce like a rubber ball into the truck bed .
then i grab the binoculars searching for buster not seeing buster so i twist towards the tool box and climb to the next level while sitting my bee_hind on the roof top as my boots support on the tool box my seated position noting that buster eats quietly by his lonesome self on a single bale of hay so i can report to mama .
i shake my skull side to side , carefully following the old two tires marks along the worn dirt path back down the hill then turn left as i see the white barn straight along as i putt - putt the truck towards its parking spot on the left side of the barn wall under the old crab apple tree so the tart apples can fall over the hay bales sweetening the grain for the picky eaters among the horses .
i cringe beautifully with my mixed emotions of happy and embarrassment as i slowly pad right boot then left boot then right boot wiping off hay , sawdust , clay , and grass from my jeans for a presentable daughter at the dinner table stepping onto the back patio .
we circle and giggle in a two full rotation while skipping like little kids in the hay fields in one spot .
a flashlight holder , wind deflector , and a rear window along with bed rails securing that the hay bales do nt fall off the roader .
it does have some good hauling capacity to tote firewood or hay bales via the operators manual but you are under no circumstances to drive like them rednecks did last night still ya can hurt or kill someone including yourself , understand , risa ?
i love the farm life , the fresh air , and the sun shine feeling deep down to my baby blue - painted toe nails that i do nt want to leave my farm happy that mama and daddy ca nt afford the expense of college life since i want to stay for the summertime , fall , winter , and springtime planning my wedding next summer with garth as i smile like my face is cracking open as i deeply inhale then nosily exhale the fresh smells of hay , soybeans , and cow turds then i stomp the gas pedal for my fun trip down the hillside into the valley of red waving wildflowers before i plan to turn right onto the private lawn of becks home .
si , lo estamos , pero no hay asientos disponibles para nosotros para sentarse juntos .
traylor pulls a hay bale close to the wall and sticks an eye against one , peeking out .
i join him on the hay bale and peer out .
i pull away and stumble back to my original hay bale , bending prone .
i ask , on the edge of my hay bale .
i get up and join my brother on his hay bale , both looking outside again .
i push up off the hay , readying myself for a confrontation , but my head swims .
he ventured off into his own little world , brushing sweet smelling horses and changing their hay , while i tramped off in the mud looking for a bunch of stinky animals .
the fat and unpleasant woman said we could sleep in the hay , just as ryse had predicted .
the hay would be more pleasurable .
she tied the lead rope to a metal ring on the trailer and gave him a flake of hay .
she refilled rustys water bucket and threw him another flake of hay .
until then , she thought as she leaned hard against marmots tall shoulder and distractedly stroked his mane , having already pulled over an armful or two of hay for the horse to slowly mulch contentedly ; until then she would just have to occupy herself with chores and books .
roll in a new hay bale , muck out the barn and feed the animals , then check on the garden .
erris was sweating profusely by the time they rolled the hay bale into the barn ; clammy , sweating , and smelling of manure by the time they mucked out the stalls in the barn , and just plain tired when she finished milking ms .
when she and boll were bringing in the hay , the sun was still low in the sky , and while mucking the barn and milking the cow she had been in the shade .
simon was in the back of a pick up truck loading bales of hay into a shed .
i watched quietly for a few minutes , admiring the way the muscles in his arms and shoulders flexed as he tossed the hay bales .
simon took off his work gloves and laid them on a bale of hay .
he smiled ruefully , brushing off some grass and hay from his shirt .
it fell on some hay and began to smolder .
lily trapped in the stable and the candle smoldering in the hay .
i d pet the animals and play in the hay barns , my mom would watch with delight and take pictures .
then , one fortunate october , our local department store decided it would be a brilliant idea to offer tractor hay rides around their big parking lot for halloween .
the hayride was pitiful , we were driving around a big empty parking lot , the only decorations were four tacky hay stacks sporadically placed around the pavement .
the four of them were pitchforking hay up onto a horse drawn wagon as izzy watched from her sling .
she was half way across the hay field the women were leaning on their pitchforks and watching her approach .
inside the barn they found four horses in stalls feeding on hay .
a teenage girl was stuffing hay into the troughs .
as night fell , they secluded themselves in a barn on the edge of a wheat field and bunked down in the hay to sleep .
though it was warmer than when he had travelled north on the road trains , it was still far from comfortable , and matthew found himself nesting in a mound of hay as he clutched the half empty machine gun in his cold hands in front of him .
kicking off the small mountain of hay that he had managed to bury himself in , he quickly scanned the insides of the barn .
i need more tractors for the hay season and hopefully i can bring this one back to life .
when it cleared i was down in the hay , reeling .
the targets were fixed in a wall of hay , accurately 70 meters away from where she was standing .
but no the arrow was accurate , hitting not only the gold circle , but the exact center of the minuscule x , and when it hitit exploded , literally , destroying the target and a great part of the wall , leaving only a little hay floating in the air .
roger was the farm manager , a dour cornish man who smiled only when a heifer calved or my face peered around a hay bale .
logging chains lay coiled on the floor , old wooden hay forks .
his mother hid him in a pile of hay for the bandits had a reputation of showing no mercy even to children .
i smell the floral , grass , plants , trees , and fresh cut hay .
the pilot zooms over a short hayfield at 520 miles - per - hours pulling tons of loose yellow hay strands and millions of invisible air molecules from the poor scary hiding wildlife avoiding the 20 - foot oak tree .
i slowly sashay my hay bale into the auditorium strolling in the ankle - length skin - tight gown , smiling and waving at the room .
jamie was arranging his blanket over a pile of hay .
it was a simple room with a large bed stuffed with a mixture of feathers and hay that took up most of the space , a table with a basin of water in the middle of the room , and a chamber pot underneath the bed , luckily empty for now .
the scent of hay and manure flood my nostrils as a breeze blows through the barn .
we make our way to the back of the empty stables where a cart for moving hay sits idly by .
he s staring at the cart for hauling hay .
he leads me to the hay wagon .
i climb a low fence and make my way to a heap of damp hay that sits a few dozen yards outside the town .
just high enough to hide me , the hay will ensure that i am not seen or found right now .
i m still hidden in the hay so the fallen soldiers do nt see me as they charge down the road , setting fire to buildings and pulling women and children from their homes .
they all make the same tearing sound as the arrows lodge themselves into the disks of braided hay .
it looked like the tire tracks had led us to a barn full of hay and grain .
must ve been an important barn because it was absolutely packed full with hay , and there was a fuel pump out the front .
apart from the hay , it was empty .
not surprisingly , the attic was also full of hay .
sitting amongst the hay , were two men .
the unarmed guy was sitting down against a stack of hay .
for a minute there , i thought we d have to get you a bale of hay to stand on , or maybe a pony instead of this big boy .
tamesis had been allowed to bed down in the ancient hay of a deserted barn , the warriors having finally accepted that the small vixen was nt going to run off as long as they held prytani captive .
it could be used to curve around a rider and drag him from his horse , to cut away the legs of his mount , to simply hack at body or limbs and slice them as easily as a sheaf of hay .
leaving tamesiss body nestled in the hay covering the cells floor , prytani rushed towards the wizards room .
other crops were being dug up , gathered and stored , along with hay to feed the animals .
two beautiful , shiny horses are neighing and eating hay .
` ` well , rolling in the hay is n't just for horses , '' i replied as i raised my brows , grinning .
do horses roll the hay ?
selah walked back to where her and caleb had been sitting , the fire was still burning , red ambers sizzling , slowly she poured her cup full of water on the fire , she sat down in front of the fire again , she stared at the smoking ruins of fire , she imagined the wood as dry as hay and pictured the flames licking the wood , she watched as the water slowly sizzled away , and then the colors changing from yellow to orange to a bluish , the flame crackling the wood once again , as if no water had been poured onto it just seconds before .
while the other girls would be perched up high , on the bonnets of antique cars , on the backs of trucks , on hay bales , in crepe and balloon castles elevated for maximum , eye - catching exposure bridie was going to be tucked down , almost out of sight , in a motorcycles sidecar .
it smelled surprisingly clean , like the turkey farm when they got fresh hay , or when corn was freshly spread .
he inched his nose into the air and waited for the smell of the farm to appear from the distance , as if some unfelt wind , whose current ran slow but unnoticed , could lift the scent of turkey shit , muddy feathers , hay and corn from miles away .
ed found the rifle case where he had hidden it in the loft behind some hay .
why was the hay still here ?
back in the summer , we had built a fort out of hay bales and it would be the perfect place to hide out and stay warm for the night .
i found some tarps and placed them over the small room we had built in the hay and made a pallet .
i had pulled an old trailer up to the opening to the hayloft and had removed all of the loose hay on the floor .
listen i have been living in a hay loft and working during the day on the farm to survive and last night i got shot while stopping a couple of thugs who were trying steal a tractor .
i was sitting on a hay bale thinking about the days events and i started hearing a low growling voice .
when i looked up , she was standing there looking at the loop that i had laid on one of the hay bales .
then she told her mother that she was worried about me because i lived in a barn and slept in the hayloft in a little space made out of hay bales .
i usually have hay stuck in it and in my clothes .
i took a long piece of twine that they used to tie up the hay bales and i tied it to the ladder and made a loop on the other end and jumped .
i could n't get comfortable and the hay smelled and was itchy .
it was a cold night so i pulled the hay in tighter to make the room a little smaller hoping that it would keep me warmer .
i had been able to put a set of stairs in that went up to the hay loft and smokey got to sleep with me again .
we had a bunch of old boards stacked up from a sharecropper house that had been torn down and i made the stairs out of them i also cleared out most of the loose hay from the floor and repaired some of the holes that were exposed .
i also pulled a lot of loose hay in on top of me and i seemed to get warmer then .
i showed them where i stayed and all of the work i had done to the hay loft .
i do n't think he has done much with it except grow hay on it the past two years .
well why do n't you go get a bath and put on something soft and wash that hair , it has hay in it .
you are going to have to start taking a bath or shower i have gotten several complaints about you lately coming in with hay in your hair and being dirty .
you are cleaner and do n't have any hay in your hair .
the current owner wants to retire and he has been raising cows and hay for the last three years .
i see you have almost filled in all of the cracks in the walls and gotten rid of all of that hay .
i noticed that the grass was really thick and it would make great hay .
i found the hay baler and the hay that had been cut and baled .
i found the hay baler and the hay that had been cut and baled .
there were about four hundred bales of hay stacked in the back .
we walked around the entire place and when we got back to the house , i asked if he was making a profit on the hay .
i asked if he had a buyer for the hay yet .
he said he would take all of the hay he can get his hands on .
the national weather service is predicting a bad winter out west and they did nt do well this past summer with the hay .
so he thinks he can make a pretty good profit on the hay .
i knew where a large field was that was right for hay cutting .
i talked to george about it and we decided to ask if he would let us cut the grass for hay .
we could rent the hay baler and haul it to the house to stack up and sell .
mr . williams let us use the baler and two of his flatbed trailers to put the hay on .
he even offered to tell the guy that was buying his hay that we should have some ready on saturday .
we would do this for the hay instead of money .
we got it baled up and stacked on the trailer when the man came down to the field and demanded payment for his hay .
after the count , we found that we had two hundred and twenty five bales of hay .
i got home and did my usual routine and laid down on the hay .
her friend was homeless , and had stopped to sleep in the relatively soft , warm hay that lined the back of a strangers vehicle .
amy heard all about the truck with the bp4 license plate driving into the dawn with usha huddled down into the hay in the back .
a number of completed items awaited delivery : an old father time weather vane ; a sign for eden farms organic hogs and an ornate hay manger intended for a stable .
john , that account you and hay are planning to write yes , sir ?
on one side of the wall grew sweet smelling hay , on the other side golden wheat .
i hope you select a good one , emilio concluded , and then opened the barn door and moved inside to the bales of hay .
starting today , and every day until i tell you that you can stop , i want you to move the hay from these bales , over to this pile by the feeding trough .
but for now , start on the hay .
so , happy birthday , treat your watch with care and it will function well for many years and get to the hay its not going to move itself .
emilio had transitioned him from hay to a real workout , in order to keep up with his rapidly developing physique .
before long , he was in the cluster of trees that ran along the side of the property , near the horse barn where he d so long ago been set to move hay as the commencement of his training .
he stood , surveying the barns interior , and saw that there was still abundant desiccated hay on the floor .
that s got to be a horrible way to die , the young man said in a kind , soft voice , before tossing the lantern against the ground and watching the kerosene splatter onto the dry hay from its broken reservoir .
they watched as an ancient farm truck rolled down the street , straining under its load of hay .
dim sunlight shines through a few tattered boards protecting the loft full of hay from rain and wind .
bowls of milk for the cats sit on the floor near more hay and next to the green poison for the unwanted rats that will soon prowl here in the night .
the faint scents of manure and hay hang in the air .
every stall is clean , with a layer of fresh hay and a bucket of oats hung on the side .
slinking back into the birthing stall , i watch the newborn lying on the hay next to her mother .
its so dry you ca nt grow corn or hay or anything .
once or twice a week the ranchers have to bring hay to the cattle so they do nt starve .
cattle sometimes wander into the communal pastures , where the hay is grown as a cash crop .
exiting , she vanishes in the tall hay about to be harvested , then reappears on a small hill above stream and fields .
but its not enough , so we bring them hay to add to their diet .
we have about a dozen fields of grass and hay that belong to the reserve .
lance would let her out when he returned , but for now he grabbed a handful of hay and handed it to brook so she could give it to gilbert along with a pat .
way hay is an urban expression of delight , ecstasy , satisfaction and self - achievement , all in one short phrase .
oh , you know went to the sub shop , showered , and hit the hay .
inside , there is the sweet smell of hay , tinged with an underlying dampness inevitable in these old structures .
i m gon na take stein out one last time and hit the hay .
he was in the nave , the moonlight trying to pierce the shadows through the old stained glass windows , rows of pews stretching to the opposite aisle like windrows in a hay field .
the paddock behind the house was stained by the pile of hay put out by mr . iredale and surrounded by the hoof prints of the horses , a cloud of steam above each horse like a personal aura .
the barn was a warm , friendly place the air redolent with the smell of hay and horses .
the toddler was just starting to talk and had already started calling her mal and me hay , since i often visited him whenever at her house .
as soon as cainen spotted me he laughed and yelled , hay !
ivan , its time to go to bed , he heard his mom call from down the stairs.he knew that her yelling to him was a sure sign that she was not feeling up to walking up the stairs and telling him in person to hit the hay .
2:00am , the hotline newsboard finally starts to quiet down as east - coasters hit the hay .
before us was the cellar , only it was in good repair and filled with bales of hay and other such supplies .
an elegant lady , likely the mistress of the house , was having relations with a young farmhand amongst the hay , while to our left and right , merging seamlessly , were wide vistas upon which both large animals and hominids with low sloping foreheads roamed .
piles of hay lay stacked in heaps in the corners , suggesting the building was commonly used as a cattle - shed .
pile up the hay and the chairs around this table and set fire to them , he ordered the soldier who was still waiting a word from his commander .
the two of them took hay from the corners of the room and piled it up by the stone table .
they grabbed the candles from the table and threw them onto the hay .
s que tu intencin es buena , pero no hay nada que puedas hacer .
no hay una sola mota de polvo de este lugar que no est grabada en mi memoria ... pero an no pareces convencido .
solo quera que me encerraran con l ... necesito ver a mi padre ... pero l siempre me deca que no hay que hacer dao a los dems , que la gente , en el fondo de su corazn , es buena ... -stanley bendijo a kevin peyton por inculcar esa creencia en su hija- .
no hay un poco de pan para acompaar ?
-no hay sitio para ti en mi mesa , enano .
se nota que no sabes la clase de escoria que hay en black rock .
ves los nmeros que hay en la bveda ?
voy a averiguar qu trama , por si hay que pararle los pies antes de que se convierta en una amenaza .
por m no hay problema .
an hay esperanza .
por muy extrao que pueda parecerte todo lo que va a suceder a partir de ahora , no olvides que hay unas reglas que antes o despus aprenders .
tenemos sobornadas a las personas clave , no hay riesgo .
lo que hay que ver .
shed sprint across the nearby cow pastures and hurdle hay bales .
that was true , but it was nt because she was playing leapfrog with hay bales .
follow it one block to hay street and make a left to 602 hay street .
after about five miles the area became very sparse with nothing but hay fields on either side of the road and a few farmhouses here and there .
ahead , mike spotted a gigantic hay stack that had been set up alongside the road from the harvest , so he turned in that direction for safety .
the hay stack was composed of bales of alfalfa and was fifty feet long by twelve feet wide and approximately twelve feet high .
mike rounded them to the back of the hay stack and decided the top would make a good place to hide .
the man running on foot arrived at the hay stack and started looking around the perimeter , aiming his gun each time he turned the corner of the stack .
thinking back to her farm days she wiggled her toes between a hay bale on the corner and nudged it loose .
soon , mike saw over five hundred head of cattle grazing on bales of hay that were being distributed by work hands .
most ranchers , like me , grow hay on the property , which is baled and stored to feed the animals through the winter .
i saw your hands spreading hay the other day , said mike .
well , once the growing season begins , i ve got to get those cows off the fields so i can start irrigating and growing hay for next winter .
satisfied that the herd was intact and had enough hay bales to keep them fed , alex turned back to the ranch .
although the barns original tenants had been absent for a long time , there was a faint aroma of hay and manure , overlaid with tobacco smoke , beer and unwashed bodies .
tom followed him back inside and put on a german uniform that the kid had stashed behind some bales of hay .
he could see bales of hay stacked up against the back wall .
around one in the afternoon , an old pickup truck full of hay chugged past , the hay flying out , then pulled onto the shoulder .
around one in the afternoon , an old pickup truck full of hay chugged past , the hay flying out , then pulled onto the shoulder .
it had been a strange experience , lying in the hay of a campesinos home , feverish , his insides churning with montezumas revenge , then being hit hard by what he later discovered was an allergic reaction .
bales of hay scattered across the lanes .
a few rolls in the hay and a few terms of endearment whispered in my ear had started me down the relationship road .
yes , i suppose it is a rare chance for him to make some political hay on the economy .
the old saying make hay while the sun is shining takes on a whole new perspective .
i m hoping to make hay with this story for the rest of the year , at least .
as the preacher neared , the boy shrank further , as though he could disappear into the filthy , frayed old blanket gathered underneath him and the rank bed of hay that littered his stall .
the preacher wiped the cross on a nearby hay bale .
soon there were pink - green globs of phlegm all over the hay and the blanket knotted at the demons feet , where it kept kicking , trying to retreat and failing , its bindings holding fast .
there 's nothing up there but holsteins and hay fields . ''
` ` this is n't hay fields , darling , believe me . ''
pero , no hay sitio en el autobus .
they were on the wrong side of a broad field pocked with half - melted mounds of snow and bristling with tufts of desiccated hay , slogging back toward a stand of trees along a graveled track against a cutting wind .
it seemed odd at first to lay alone in the dark , separated by a few feet of dust and dry hay , and i expected there to be far more of a wrench , far more of a breaking asunder , but in truth i felt a sense of relief too .
ty easily wrestled calves for branding when he was eight and could buck a bale of hay faster than some adult men could when he was ten or eleven .
he followed the old bowlegged cowboy toward the barn where rory started throwing spools of baling wire and boxes of staples onto the hay wagon .
` ` yeah one thing led to another and wham , bam , thank you maam , we ended up back at my place slammin back some shooters and rollin in the hay ! ''
the first night they got together was nothing more than a meeting of two people who had over indulged in the offerings of the cock - tails at freds retirement party , resulting in a drunken roll in the hay .
and was occasionally rented over the summer , when the machinery was out in the field , to store hay .
which best it lulls nanna , extended to the calduccio and done cover by the hay , while from the outside the fresh and comforting odor of the damp earth arrived ?
then i had a lightning of genius , i tried to close an eye and i finally succeeded in gathering the two chimpanzees in a solo , that was stretched to earth on a dollop of hay with the cross hands behind the head in the meantime .
round bales of hay dotted the darkness of the fields on both sides of the car .
straw - colored cut grass and round bales of hay were all he saw .
he ran to the closest hay bale but saw nothing of the dog .
the farmhouse sat on five acres of flat land surrounded on three sides by large hay fields .
they left the dusty attic and ran down the wooden stairs to the barn , where hay was drying and equipment was stored .
when the manger was in place , he carefully placed the small hand - carved baby on the hay he had purchased from frank tinsley .
it was a nice - sized barn one of the nicest ones in paraloma actually , along with a hay loft that required a ladder to get to it .
there was n't much hay in the born now but in early august he and his dad would go out in the hayfield on the tractor and the first thing they would do is cut the hay .
there was n't much hay in the born now but in early august he and his dad would go out in the hayfield on the tractor and the first thing they would do is cut the hay .
we would hook it up to the tractor early in the morning and go out and bail the hay into nice forty - five pound squares .
lastly his dad would hire a few of his friends and they would go out in his old pickup with the long - bed trailer attached and would haul the hay to the barn .
during hay season he would have a lot of fun .
he was too small to actually throw a forty - five pound bale of hay onto the trailer so on their first load he would drag as many bales as he could to complete the first stack .
another , out in a dusty old barn on a mound of hay where two old mangy dogs appeared in the middle of the night and bedded down beside him .
kinta quickly hid under a bundle of hay , while i was panicking to get out of my enclosure of fire .
a slight wind carried the fire to the bundles of hay in a whisking tornado of flame .
the dry wood of the barn and the hay , fed the fire quickly .
he loved the smell , a mixture of fresh hay , liniment , leather and horses , the sounds of horses being led out to the paddocks for the day , the whine of the electric carts they used in the buildings , the background of quiet music that the horses seemed to like .
some days were really crazy , hay might be delivered or feed although the worst was owners who chose to visit their horses without any warning or appointment , demanding attention .
the smell of fresh hay and manure brought back memories of summer visits to her uncles farm in southeastern minnesota when she was a kid .
as sam stuck his head out from the loft as he knelt beside the edge , several pieces of hay drifted down from high above .
yeah , sure , he said , brushing hay off his overalls .
hey , tasia said , brushing hay out of her hair .
some of the hay drifted down from above and elaine watched as it settled onto the dirt floor .
tasia stood up , dusting hay off her clothes as she stepped over to the ladder .
he could distinguish the shapes of farm equipment and hay bales in the near dark as he made his way along the row of split rail stalls to where sykes knelt with jorge ramirez , a migrant worker from juarez , mexico .
inside a few bundles of mouldy hay were stacked against a far wall .
she got some hay bales to make seats in the back .
i do nt want the hay to catch on fire .
well , i guess we could get something else to sit on besides hay bales .
it was a small version of the large sleds he made for working on the farm , that horses pulled loaded with hay bales and sacks of feed .
clare prepared by getting the helmet out of the bank again , and fitting out the truck bed with wrapped hay bales again .
roxy accompanied clare once again in the back of the truck on the aluminum foil - wrapped hay bales while jim drove .
it did , however , serve as a nice place for the beefy barmaid to drag surly barflies up for a quick roll in the proverbial hay .
actually , i believe it was real hay .
and now its time to hit the hay , i announced to the anxious fur ball as he stepped on my foot yet again while i was pulling the covers back .
john bowed his head , shifted the piece of hay to the other side of his mouth , and stared into the dented truck bed , which was rapidly becoming a bottomless well on that moonless night .
he tossed the piece of hay aside .
you might want to brace yourselves against those hay bales .
they whisper the legends around the pot - bellied stove at the general store , they pray for protection from him in their little white churches , they think about him as they gather hay , harvest corn , and work their gardens .
two became a puddle behind the hay .
he was lying on the ground , still hog - tied , but there was a thin layer of straw or hay underneath him .
it was dim inside , hardly enough light to see , but after only a few seconds jason realized there was nothing in the stall but hay .
this stall , too , had a covering of hay on the floor , but the walls were lined with pegboard .
he lunged forward with the saw , but cliff was already rolling out of the way , kicking his pants off of his ankles , coarse pieces of bloody hay sticking to his bare thighs and butt .
salinowskys grandfather always advised him to make hay while the sun is shining , and no matter what path he took salinowsky knew he was nearly out of money again and still days away from cashing his next benefits check .
i think we should all hit the hay .
i had behind some bales of hay and waited .
i expected a barn with hay bales and a tractor or something .
a bit of soft yellow hay was piled up near my head .
i smiled and tried to ease my head and shoulders back onto the soft hay underneath me , but found myself already lying on my back , head flat on the hard wood floor .
he s throwing hay .
he s going to need people to run the business side of things for him , and if he does nt know how to throw a bale of hay or milk a cow , those folks are nt going to show him any respect .
the doors stood open and corey worked on the far side of the barn , grabbing bales of hay from a flatbed and chucking them into a stall .
he held a bale of hay above his head like it was a helium balloon , then chucked it into the corner with its fellows .
he sat down on a bale of hay , sniffled and wiped a massive arm across a face that was already wet with tears .
after the lock - in , i d taught him to listen to the music the way he did when he was throwing bales of hay and he d improved his rhythm tremendously .
i m going to guess i weigh less than a bale of hay .
she felt soft and boneless , her brittle hair smelled like hay .
wheelbarrow propped against the wall ; and the new red trough - like hay baler ready to go to the hay field if there was any man industrious enough to take it since hoss rose died .
wheelbarrow propped against the wall ; and the new red trough - like hay baler ready to go to the hay field if there was any man industrious enough to take it since hoss rose died .
soon to be cozy after all chores were done , after the women had put up tomatoes , peas , peaches and pears for the winter , fodder , hay and corn set aside for the cattle , hogs and chickens , cords and cords of firewood cut that seemed like enough to last for months but would last all of one .
resurrection ferns growing along the branches , which are bigger than the average tree trunk , look dry as hay stubble from lack of rain .
the scent of mowed grass steeps in the hot sun , claiming the dry hay smell of curing grass .
he could hear a horse shuffling its hoofs on some hay whilst another gave a faint whiny in its sleep .
it is what farmers wrap around bales of hay .
during his frantic search to find it he becomes very tired and falls asleep on a stack of hay .
the breeze always smelled like fresh hay and damp rocks and growing things , and the air hardly had a man - made sound upon it .
the other was stacked with hay and several farming implements : pickaxes , pitchforks and the like .
paul remained silent as he watched rick cautiously back up towards the back exit , which had been mostly obscured by a pile of hay bales prior to leanne tossing them off to the side in her haste to break through the door .
how about we hit the hay ? ''
will was dressed ultra casual today in jeans , faded blue shirt , and scuffed boots that looked more suitable for hauling hay than for a day at the office .
bales of hay were stored in a loft above .
apparently even the hay fever will kill you .
i picked up her torn garments that were heaped in a pile on top of some mildewed hay .
make hay while the sun shines .
he struts out the door then jumps onto the hay floor when abby gail poses in the door frame .
hawk is a boy from a rural farm of hay , cotton , soybeans , cows , and what ever else his daddy planted to make a living for a family of four in the country hills of alabama .
joseph took full responsibility of the farm at the age of twelve , baling hay and driving the old pickup truck with their daddy feeding the beef cows .
before going into the house , though his heart is leading in that direction , shelton steps over the fence of the goat pen and ducks under the lean - to shelter to throw some hay out for them .
together they each take one of adams hands and walk him through the sweet scattered hay being munched by the remaining goats , a brittle - black nannie and her baby .
he sits cross - legged on the hay before the manger with adam on his lap and kim next to them , the morning sun flowing over them as shelton tells the story of christs first coming .
shelton and kim grow silent , listening to and watching the goats delicately munch hay while their son sleeps in kims arms .
he stands up , brushing the hay from the seat of his worn jeans .
she could still remember their little romp in the hay that happened two years before she and seth had married as if it were yesterday .
across sterling road from skid a field of mown hay lay in rows , and on the canal bank at the south end of the field the lights of a bailer trembled impatiently .
phil was square shouldered and thick in the chest , and his biceps bulged from a summer of bucking hay .
some hay could be made from that , i suppose .
luckily , the weather was perfect as we spent hours on the beach talking and relishing in hay stack rock .
doug was going to have a hay day with that .
` ` well , trying to spot an rv in a campground is like trying a particular piece of hay in a hay stack .
` ` well , trying to spot an rv in a campground is like trying a particular piece of hay in a hay stack .
it would be worse than finding a needle in a haystack , more like finding a specific piece of hay in that stack while avoiding getting stuck by the needle .
he pressed on the latch , and the door swung open , enveloping them in a gust of warm air , and a pleasant smell of hay .
the hay was in bales about two foot square .
mcbride reached back , clutched at bens sleeve to hold him up as they edged out between the hay bales .
mcbride could understand the farmers reluctance to shoot them in the barn , spattering the hay with blood and entrails .
cows were strict vegetarians , and all the hay would have gone to waste .
my husband wants to know why you were in the hay barn ?
quite satisfying humping bales of hay about .
men were sitting on the stacks of hay , smoking and talking amongst themselves .
while i set up the medical apparatus on a bale of hay , prentice said , i know a few of corporal childs 's cronies .
i thought hay i ' m right here ya know .
no hay problema .
back in the day , it was used to store bales of hay .
they did nt have troughs or hay on the floor anymore .
i m going to hit the hay , you going to wake me in the morning ?
the aromatic twang of cow manure , mixed with decomposing grain and hay , found its way inside the car through the air - conditioning system .
he faked a hay raking swing with his right fist and anderson moved his head away to avoid a blow that , he did nt realize , was nt coming anyway .
but they 'll make hay until they do .
` ` no hay problema.my name is manuel aringarosa .
radar jamming had been invented in wwii when a savvy british airman began throwing bales of hay wrapped in tinfoil out of his plane while on bombing runs .
his hair was sweated against his temples , and there was a piece of hay stuck to his forehead right in the middle of the lines that waved across his brow .
` ` no hay de que , senorita , '' he said .
the center of the barn was divided into horse stalls , back to back , with a perimeter track lined with floor - to - ceiling hay bales inside the outer walls .
ellie was lying on top of the stack of hay bales , up near the roof , her chin on her hands , looking down at him .
she scrambled back up the stack of hay bales and he tugged at a strap coming off a metal ring at the side of the mouth .
so probably the horses got mostly hay , with some of the supplement to make up the vitamins .
there were hay stalks stuck to its lips .
he sat on a hay bale and kept his back to the horses .
his clothes were dirty and hay stalks clung to him all over .
` ` no hay de que . ` `
` ` no hay de que , senora . ''
ten of them were in the back , resting on bales of hay , singing as they rolled along .
in the center of the lawn was a handsome nativity scene , complete with real hay bales and a goat whose tail went up and down .
we 're in the hay business for the next five years or so .
and there was kate lane 's dream to think about , the new extended family farming together , growing hay , leaching the old chemicals out of the norfolk soil , planting wholesome vegetables five years in the future .
then we 'll be off to the hay and make with the bodies .
this is like the hay fever , the unableness to eat shellfish , yes ? '
her body , close to him , smelled of new - mown hay and sweet pepper .
with the fury of a wildfire consuming a parched hay field , the rush of fear billowed out across the piazza until the entire crowd was craning their necks , looking upward , and pointing .
dear judge stanford , i think you should know that you have a hay sister named julia .
the drive to acrocorinth was a long one , on winding roads that meandered through the lush countryside , redolent with the odors of grapes and lemons and hay .
` ` hay tiempo .
she went on the hay rides at cedar creek farm , and watched knights in armor jousting at the shakopee renaissance festival .
` ` dost kiss hay hain ? ''
road on hot summer days , with the sweet smell of corn and prairie hay in the air ?
i mean ... you did n't fall off a hay wagon and become a success .
the countryside stretched out ahead of them , redolent with the odors of mowed hay and ripe fruit .
he moved away from the highway , and cut through a hay field .
the road was next to a hay field , farmed by a man they 'd yet to meet .
gary found him a job on a farm hauling hay , a gig that lasted two days before he quit because he said he 'd found a softball team that needed him .
silos can be packed with feed or hay and there can be something else entirely underneath . ''
the smell of freshly mown grass , the fragrance of roses , and hay - it was like paradise to me .
i missed the hay on the fourth shot , and harry rex said , ` ` i guess the padgitts are safe after all . ''
` ` just a roll in the hay , '' he mumbled .
they had parked a long flatbed trailer next to the confederate sentry and decorated it with bales of hay and red , white , and blue bunting .
fifty - nine malone lay on grass that winter had chilled into brown hay and watched the helicopter land .
their private little museum , in a converted hay barn , was stocked with items they had found on their own property .
rather , he was a temporary divertisement , a charming , quick , and complete roll in the hay for the bored .
it 's like one of those sodding nightclubs where all the really hip people get shown to a special room , and the squares get stuck in a pen with hay on the floor . ''
bedding down on a bale of hay near the warmth radiating from the kerosene lantern , metcalfe fell asleep .
their bed was a horse blanket thrown hastily over a few stacks of hay .
seventy samarkand 11:40 a.m. cassiopeia smelled wet hay and horses and knew she was being held near a stable .
mostly , we see miles of unbroken farmland : regimental cornfields , luxuriant hay fields , fat yellow swaths of alfalfa .
when dale 's car rolled across the rusting little metal bridge , the bridge said , this is it ! , and the casually but expensively dressed man in the passenger seat , who looked as though all he knew of farmland had been learned through the windows next to first - class seats on transcontinental flights and in fact was incapable of telling wheat from hay , felt his heart shiver .
he can feel dew wetting his sockless ankles and the cuffs of his pants , knows that any sort of extended stroll through the hay stubble is going to ruin a five - hundred - dollar pair of gucci loafers .
around him , the hay and timothy is rib - high instead of ankle - high ; there has been no bunny boettcher in this part of creation to cut it .
my father used to say , ' show me a man who 's too good to hay in july and i 'll show you a man that wo n't turn a hand the rest of the year , neither . '
his fleeing path through the hay and timothy has disappeared , or maybe now he 's entering the field in a different place .
the air in his throat prickled like cut hay .
once a partridge burst from a cover of goldenrod and old hay at the left side of the road and irv shouted , ` ` get i m , bobbi ! ''
irv drove the truck into the barn , which had , a sweet hay smell andy remembered from his summers in vermont .
` ` i do n't like this dress , i 'd rather have the hay one . ' .
dusky sunlight slanted in , making mellow bars and stripes in which motes of hay chaff danced with dreamy slowness .
and this p ? ace , with its bays of loose hay and its lofts of baled hay , with its dry wood all about , was a tinderbox with no smoking signs posted everywhere .
it was full of loose hay that reminded him of the way the rough on a golf course smelled .
it had been in the hay that his brother had been bitten by a snake when cap himself was only three , it was n't a very dangerous snake , but his big brother had screamed , he had screamed , and there had been the smell of hay , the smell of clover , the smell of timothy , and his big brother was the strongest , bravest boy in the world but now he was screaming , big , tough , nine - year - old leon hollister was screaming ` ` go get daddy ! ''
it had been in the hay that his brother had been bitten by a snake when cap himself was only three , it was n't a very dangerous snake , but his big brother had screamed , he had screamed , and there had been the smell of hay , the smell of clover , the smell of timothy , and his big brother was the strongest , bravest boy in the world but now he was screaming , big , tough , nine - year - old leon hollister was screaming ` ` go get daddy ! ''
sedaka could hear horses whinnying and screaming inside , could see the lurid red orange gleam of fire as the flames raced into the lofts full of dry hay .
overhead , a flaming rafter fell in a shower of sparks and ignited the loose hay in one of the lower bays .
she had come over in blue jeans and a t - shirt and sneakers , looking like a healthy farm girl who tossed bales of hay up to the loft with her bare hands .
there were hay bales and corrals , and each ` ` stall '' was only shoulder high .
i mean , if you had a sick heart , and this guy was the best chance of your surviving , would you care if you heard he 'd had an extramarital roll in the hay ? ''
inside the barn , an albino , still saddled and toting a slicker roll , stood eating a bale of hay .
we 'd steal apples , climb on his tractors , play in the mountains of hay he stored in his barns .
if they had , then they were taken into one of the smaller barns and put into pens , lambing jugs we called them , where father would take over , while i was cleaning feeders , filling them up again , changing the hay and water , and mother would be assiduously recording details of the new births in a journal .
one of them was driving a hay cart and , beside him on the board , was ...
i chased the horses out then tossed the first torch into the stables , the hay going up with a satisfying whoomph ; the second torch i threw into the vestibule of the chapel , and when both that and the stables were nicely ablaze i jogged across to the dormitory , lighting two more torches on the way , smashing rear windows and tossing the torches inside .
ezio watched him plummet , like a hawk stooping , and land safely in a hay wain he 'd already singled out , 175 feet below .
and with that he left rauf and the chattering village folk at the fountainhead and began to make his way past the covered stalls and hay carts and benches , over the paving , until the dry and dusty ground sloped sharply upwards , the parched grass brittle in the sunshine , all paths leading to the castle .
looking down , altair saw strategically placed mounds of hay , enough to break a fall .
he scanned the canopies and rooftops , looking for a soft landing , then saw a hay cart .
it had calmed down and was even grazing some hay that was loaded onto a parked wagon .
he adjusted his hidden - blade and his sword and dagger , and was about to make a leap of faith down to a hay wain parked in the square below when his wound shrieked and he doubled up in pain .
for an instant he thought he might have misjudged his aim , but he calmed his own momentary panic and landed safely in the hay .
ezio cautiously crept into the shelter of the hay again and lay there for what seemed an age , impatient to be on his way .
that night they spent in a deserted barn , where at least there was clean , warm hay .
far below , a number of bales of hay had been stacked a short distance away in various locations around the campanile - horse - fodder destined for the ducal palace .
at the last moment , he shut his eyes ... ... and crashed down into the hay !
blocks of hay sat in dun - colored fields , and luther saw a pack of horses in missouri run for a full mile , their bodies as gray as their breath .
in the boxcar , with jessie 's fine coat covered in hay to ward off the cold , luther promised the lord he would atone .
work and pray , live on hay , you 'll get pie in the sky when you die . '
of chemicals and manure and hay and mud .
` ` every time i empty one , you clean it and restock it with hay and water .
the wind , which had hitherto carried us along with amazing rapidity , sunk at sunset to a light breeze ; the soft air just ruffled the water , and caused a pleasant motion among the trees as we approached the shore , from which it wafted the most delightful scent of flowers and hay .
bowe sank down onto a bale of hay .
` ` there 's still hay in here , '' dani commented with surprise as she peered at the half a dozen fresh bales stacked against the wall .
he could n't tell if they 'd been deliberately put there , or had simply been knocked off the others and broken open themselves , but they had made a small mound of fresh - smelling hay .
` ` barns have hay . ''
` ` the hay looked pretty fresh though , '' dani commerited , and he glanced around to see that she 'd started moving along the stalls .
wood walls , wood stalls , the smell of hay , and motes of dust floating in the pools of light spilling from the open doors .
` ` but while we 're on the topic- '' ` ` oh look , more hay , '' dani interrupted as they reached the end of the stalls .
` ` they must have kept them in here so they did n't have to drag hay all the way from the front for these back stalls , '' dani guessed , but was just talking to keep him from being able to .
all she had to do was cross the open area with its hay and saddles and she 'd be out , able to rush somewhere else to try to avoid hearing what she suspected was going to at least shake , and possibly topple , all the hopes she 'd placed on the shoulders of one nicholas argeneau , rogue vampire .
she started to slide off the bale of hay , but he caught her arm to stop her , pointing out , ` ` you can hear it 's still pounding down . ''
she closed her eyes on a moan , and leaned back over the bale of hay he 'd backed her into , her hands tangling in his hair .
he dropped it on the mound of hay beside them , and was immediately reaching around for the clasps at the back of her bra .
he tossed them to the side to join the rest of the clothes on the mound of hay .
` ` oh - i- '' dani stammered breathlessly , grabbing at the bales of hay behind her to steady herself .
decker 's hand immediately tightened on it , holding her up as he ran his tongue over her tender flesh , and then he raised that leg over his shoulder as well , leaving her sitting on his shoulders , facing him and leaning back into the hay to keep her seat as he buried his face between her thighs and alternately kissed , nibbled , and lathed the core of her with his lips and tongue .
just when she thought she was about to reached the satisfaction they were both working toward , decker suddenly stopped what he was doing and swung around with her still on his shoulders , one of his hands quickly shifting to her lower back to support her as he lowered her to lie on fop of their clothes on the mound of hay on the floor in front of the bales .
she screamed his name , her body bucking wildly , back arching up off the hay as pleasure and release exploded within her .
they hit in wave after inundating wave until she did n't know where one began and another started , and then it did n't matter and dani felt herself falling back to the hay as her vision went dim .
she stared at him blankly for a moment as she recalled how they 'd gotten there , and then dropped back on the hay .
` ` not only have you had an almost roll in the suv , you ' ve had a real roll in the hay ... well sort of , '' she added with a frown as she realized it had been only a half roll .
he settled on his side in the hay , one leg splaying over her lower body , one hand moving to rest on her stomach , and the other propping up his head as he peered down at her .
they were in the last stall at the back of the barn , the one with the hay in it .
he had n't wanted to be caught bare - arsed in the hay in the open front of the barn should anyone come upon them while they were unconscious .
he was now glancing from it to the hay on the floor with consideration .
it appeared he 'd already done the mucking - out part of the job and was now using a pitchfork to spread fresh hay around .
she somehow doubted armand would have much of an appetite had she arrived as he was removing soiled hay and manure .
armand set his pitchfork aside and removed his gloves as he moved out of the stall and then paused and glanced from the cooler , to her , to the bales of hay at the back of the barn .
eshe knew from experience that a roll in the hay could be fun .
` ` i suppose a torch was dropped in the hay , or a lantern knocked over . ''
dried rushes and hay were a very deadly combination when mixed with an open flame , which was all they 'd had to use for light .
` ` well , i 'd guess because the first night i went to bed you probably did n't hit the hay till near dawn , just before stephanie and i woke up .
there 's no hay in this molding old place . ''
the creature did n't seem to mind the storm outside as long as he had his oats and hay .
the place smelled of hay , and saddle soap and oil from the freshly cleaned tack .
` ` two flakes of hay and two scoops of oats . ''
and the hay smelled nice .
` ` there was a little food stashed here , '' jeannesaid , digging under the hay and pulling out a smallpacket .
finished the meal offwith a drink of water , and then they lay back onthe bed of hay .
` ` tomorrow ... '' and then , lying on a pile of hay in a tiny shack ina strange kingdom , with three girls who had been strangers to her before this afternoon and who nowseemed a little like sisters , she was fast asleep .
but the rough - cut boards and smell of hay still felt familiar after the pandora charm , even if the memory had almost killed me .
jenks , jax , and nick were at the window beside me , more of a door , really , where they tossed the hay in .
the fragrant hay made towers around us , and the soft , inset lighting of the stables was enough to see by .
stacks of hay dotted the meadows and led the way up the mountain to the timberline .
they were used for everything from transportation to hauling great sheafs of hay .
she strode with tremendous confidence , weaving in and out of the hay sheaves until she was clear of the farms .
natalya left vikirnoff nearly unconscious beside a sheaf of hay and she approached a farmer , calming him with a mage spell and taking his blood .
natalya held on while the large bird swooped low and hopped from a hay sheaf to the ground .
she watched the ground below them , inexplicably sad , the vivid shades of green , the riot of colors from the meadows of flowers and the stacks of hay dotting the rolling hills , all blurring together until she blinked away the tears swimming in her eyes .
the scent of the hay and stamp of hooves were etched into his soul for all time .
marguarita contemplated zacarias 's thoughts as she quickly rubbed down the horses and led them into their stalls with a small mixture of hay and feed for thanks before turning to face her man .
they took seats on the decaying bales of hay , all except damon , who remained standing .
i think ... '' but before he could finish , there was a creak and pale , dusty sunlight fell across the bales of hay .
their ranch was small , mainly for horses - the few cattle and acres of hay were for their own personal use .
the way the leaves on the trees glittered with a silvery sheen , the colors of earth and hay .
colby had put in so much time with the cattle and out in the garden and the hay field that ginny was afraid she might have forgotten the appointment with joclyn everett .
colby was used to men who were ranchers , strong men who thought nothing of tossing hay bales around .
she knew when it was going to rain and just how long she had to get the hay out of the fields .
colby could have sworn he laughed softly as he turned to sit on a bale of hay , but when he looked up , rafael 's expressionless mask revealed no emotion whatsoever .
he asked , patting the hay beside him .
she rode straight to the small barn where the hay was stored and urged her mount inside .
juan had to admire her abilities as she began to toss the flakes of hay .
colby sighed heavily and , to keep from self - consciously covering the mark like an embarrassed teenager , added another flake of hay to the feeders .
she wanted to lie down in the hay and go to sleep .
paul stepped off the porch to avoid answering her , heading for the hay fields so he would n't get trapped into giving riding lessons to a greenhorn .
` ` paul is over in the hay field .
ben walked off toward the hay field , and she watched him until his large frame disappeared around the side of the large barn .
the barn would have gone up fast with the hay in it .
` ` let me get my hay in first , '' she said pragmatically .
she sank down onto a bale of hay and pressed both hands to her churning stomach as she once again watched nicolas with her brother .
she tried to distract her thoughts , anything to keep from screaming as the blood seeped onto the floor of the barn and stained the hay dark red .
he gestured toward the blood - soaked hay and julio immediately brushed back everything that had n't been touched , leaving a circle of bare wood exposed with the bloody hay in the center .
he gestured toward the blood - soaked hay and julio immediately brushed back everything that had n't been touched , leaving a circle of bare wood exposed with the bloody hay in the center .
nicolas was there , although she had n't seen him move , easing her down to a bale of hay .
she forked hay to the horses and filled the water basins with fresh water .
she was just finishing and about to go to the hay field when she heard the kitchen door again .
julio drove ginny to visit the everetts and juan 's already bringing in the hay .
definitely no horses or hay , that was for sure .
some had hay , some did n't .
his fur smelled of hay , sandalwood , and pork sausages .
half the shed was covered in the vine - obviously , the owners did n't get hay fever the door was locked .
the scent of sweaty horse and hay mixing with the hint of aged manure was like a balm .
a foul stench came faintly over the comforting aroma of hay and manure .
afterward , those wenches would be heavy - lidded with satisfaction , even as they looked like they 'd just gone to war in the hay : faces and chests flushed from exertion , hair and clothing disheveled .
as he stepped over the threshold , his boots sank into a thick layer of hay .
more mock shopfronts and houses met me , but the night air carried a hint of hay and horse .
the stable loomed above me , the smell of horse and hay and shit so strong i wrinkled my nose in disgust .
a single globe hung off a wire halfway down the center walkway , its pale light sparking off the hay bales lining the edge of the floor above .
he still smelled of hay and horse and excrement , but this time it was entwined in the musky , enticing scent of man .
the only thing that was missing was the hay - though i knew that had been here in the early years .
the old barn smelled like hay and old wood .
i took the flashlight and shined it on a bale of hay .
i shined the light on a few bales of hay .
` ` and i brought some hay in case you did n't have any . ''
come on , help me get the hay into the barn . ''
with phineas 's superior vampire strength , he had no trouble transporting whole bales of hay to the barn .
brynley introduced him to trudy , then brought her up - to - date on her son 's progress at school while phineas finished moving the hay .
you should have seen him tossing around those bales of hay . ''
you two are making more hay than hunting .
he strode into the stable and found zoltan whispering to molly as he filled her manger with hay .
straw or hay on top of stone .
then she shook herself ... and went over to nip at the hay that she had n't touched .
the horse was woofing back the hay like the stuff was going out of style .
i have a bit of work to do yet tonight , and some e - mails i need to take a look at before i hit the hay . ''
the air was rich with the scents of horse , hay , and shit , and as i moved down the aisle , heads swung my way , dark eyes gleaming intently in the muted light .
and i had to wonder why they were wasting time thumping the walls rather than using their olfactory senses - hell , given i 'd been with kade in the hay and had then been surrounded in smoke and death , i 'd have to be leaving one hell of a scent trail .
and his hair , which had always been strawberry blond and silky , stood up all over his head like bleached hay .
i guess animals do n't count , because there are some rats sleeping here under the hay and an owl in the rafters .
she was forking hay and dung , handling the big pitchfork very capably for someone as small and light as she was .
a second , larger and wilder looking , would carry heating stones to help cook human food and al the food ( it looked like red hay ) that the two thurgs would eat on the way to the nether world .
reddish hay and the original covering for the hay - a giant tarpaulin - were lying behind the thurg .
a broken strap from the hay carrier .
for a few minutes that qualified as among the worst in her life she was showered with hay , pounded with rocks , and smothered in the dust of old dung .
` ` bonnie and i have been gathering hay and fuel and we 're all right . ''
she saw him turn slowly , look slowly , then saw him leap up from a pallet made of sickly - looking hay , and saw him stare at her as if she were an angel dropped down from the sky .
as elena watched in disbelief , the grass seemed to melt , dying away into hay - colored blades that fell to the ground .
i reached out toward her , brushing my hand against her shoulder , al owing my nose to inhale her apple - and - hay scent .
a stray piece of hay from the barn was stuck in his hair , and his freckled face was smudged with dirt .
other dreams came back to me , as they always do in bitter winter , of the harsh and miserable snows of my mortal boyhood , of the chill stone rooms of my father 's castle , and of the little fire , and my great mastiffs snoring in the hay beside me , keeping me snug and warm .
i caught those memories again of the french winter of my last year at home , of the young mortal country lord with a bed of hay , and only the dogs for companions .
her hair was beautifully mussed and straight and clean and made me think of the hay which the princess spun into gold in the tale of rumpelstiltskin .
centaurs - sweet , almost like honeyed hay .
the scent of hay and horse filled his nose .
an overloaded hay wagon had wedged itself between the rickety houses that line the bridge , ripped out part of someone '' s upper storey , and had shed some of its load in the process .
valuable seconds were spent struggling over and through the hay until he was hurrying through the backed - up traffic to the other end of the bridge .
connor had erected make - believe enemies out of logs and bales of hay , and he was practicing with his sword .
i lay on a heap of hay , a makeshift bed , and the poor underfed demon peasant boys stared stupidly down at me with bloodshot eyes , and she , she wept , her hands again to her face .
stupidly , in utter intoxication i watched the contents spill and sink darkly into the mounded hay .
i snuggled into the hay .
he held me flat to the hay .
before long , the first frost would fall , and she 'd prune the roses down for the winter and cover the soil with pine straw or hay .
usually they could be found outside with their tutor , mr . sicamore , or baling hay , mowing and scooping manure into a wheelbarrow for fertilizer .
the only other spanish she could recall at the moment was : no hay tenedor limpio , tenemos que lavar la .
` ` sitting in hay and talking about laws is n't romantic . ''
there was a brittle quality to her hair now , as though the strands had lost their shine and had dried into hay .
the scent of hay took him back .
jane 's hair was dark against the hay .
` ` i just wanted to know if you could use some help unloading a little of that hay . ''
having observed me stack the hay , they assumed i was there on business .
she wanted nothing more than to lengthen it , to linger in his arms , maybe show him the empty hay loft upstairs , but she stepped back , drawn away by a larger concern .
erin stared out the window toward the sunlight , as the train rattled past winter fields dotted with giant round bales of hay .
19 december 19 , 1:36 p.m. cet south of rome , italy burrowed deep in the giant hay bale , leopold strove for a comfortable position .
dazed and deafened , he had crawled into a hay bale to hide , to think , to plan .
leopold came back into his trembling body , pressed on all sides by the sharp hay .
once the sun sank and the rescue workers left for the night , he would leave the hay bale under the cover of dark and continue his purpose , no matter the cost .
earlier , as the sun went down , he had crawled out of his hay bale .
from the hay bale , he had heard the cardinal mention that he would be coming to castel gandolfo , where he would mourn and pray for the souls who had lost their lives this day .
i told him you and i were having a hot roll in the hay and he was interrupting . ''
dark swirls appeared next to the porch , then the familiar white hair sticking out like a stack of bleached hay topped the ghost 's tall , thin frame .
the whole area was an agricultural mecca , with soybean , hay , and cornfields surrounding farmhouses , barns , and various storage facilities .
the animal tipped over , dying instantly as it landed in the dirty hay .
quaint farmhouses lined roads made of dirt and cobblestone , men and women still cut their hay with scythes , and cars had not yet replaced the horse and cart .
setting kay on her feet , he spread the blanket over a pile of fragrant hay .
` ` you ' ve got hay in your hair , '' gideon remarked .
chuckling softly , he plucked the hay from her hair , then drew her into his arms and kissed her .
he had bedded a lot of women in a lot of places , but kaitlyn was a forever woman , not a quick roll in the hay .
after looking her fill , she sat on a bale of hay and watched jester groom fog .
breathing in the earthy smell of stored hay , kylie added another thing she 'd learned about her powers .
jack and gideon lit two more torches and tossed them into the hay piled near a store .
xavier smiled at her as he settled onto a bale of hay and started to regale them .
aria rose from the bale and wiped the hay from her pants .
` ` xavier can you bring me some hay ?
the scent of hay , straw and horse seemed even more acute as she remained immobile .
he kissed her temple briefly , inhaling her sweet scent beneath the hay , blood and sweat .
now , ashe was looking for the sewing implement in the traditional pile of hay .
the o'neills supply beef and mutton to the community because they raise sheep and cattle , plus they bale hay for the others that keep horses .
wheat would be harvested soon , and hay and straw baled .
toff would miss that stage - he would be sent to the fields to help gather hay and straw for the animals and the barns .
lily did n't like the hay she got last night , so she 's looking for green grass .
he is having difficulties getting the others interested in throwing hay to his cows . ''
corent was kind , as was father willow when he asked me to help feed hay to his milk cows .
horse blankets laid on hay served as beds for us and we all slept .
dust motes and tiny bits of hay were suspended in the early morning light inside the stable .
this one had recently been mowed and stacks of hay lay here and there .
todd seemed happy to see me and told me he was getting out of running the hay machine that afternoon .
it was harder when i was this tired , but the sooner i was finished , the sooner i could hit the hay .
` ` whatever , '' she muttered , walking over to kick at the hay pile with a frustrated motion .
i mean , he 's a fool , but i think of him being tortured ... '' she kicked at the hay again , tossing a pile into the air .
` ` you do n't understand , '' bastille said , picking a few strands of hay out of her silvery hair .
like we had to get hay in the barn , '' says katy , who also can see out forward .
` ` and then there 's molly , the hot - running bay - you 'll have to make special sure that she 's cooled down after a run - and jupiter , clarissa 's horse ; now , there 's a handful , i can tell you ... '' he falls asleep after a while , dreaming , i ' m sure , of horses and saddles and meadows and hay , and i put his hand gently down and go back to my kip .
without warning , i hear my mother 's voice in my head , referring to a man she recently started seeing : i ' m not gon na be some quick lay in the hay .
i slips between two loose boards into a stable that 's all closed up for the night , and i burrows in the warm and sweet smellin ' hay .
chapter 20 ` ` ... and then i got a berth as able bodied seaman on the margaret todd bound for new england , and here i am , lying in the hay in the loft of the big barn at dovecote , one of my favorite places in the whole wide world , at the side of my dear sister , amy trevelyne .
i am sprawled out on the aromatic hay while amy sits cross - legged , reading the newly printed broadside .
` ` how are we for hay ? ''
` ` tonight we shall sleep in your barn all covered with hay ! ''
i dust the hay off my feet and slip on the shiny black pumps .
i put my face down on the hay and look over at her .
now let 's me and you go get married and have a fine toss in the hay and then we 'll talk about other things . ''
i leap onto gretchen 's back and move her over to the hay crib , which has a side like a ladder .
a desk covered in sawdust , lots of hay , though i was n't sure of its purpose since there were no animals to use it .
i started to run out of the barn , but fell over an old tire obscured beneath the hay .
the beast 's form then began to shift as the body lay there on the blood - soaked hay .
at the foot of the mountain , scattered about the valley is a small village where hay - covered roofs and wooden structures dot the landscape .
she pushes open the stable door and her entire body locks up in fear when she sees the giant beast lying bloodied on the barn floor surrounded by hay and the remains of one sheep .
aramei places the sword on the hay next to her and holds both hands over the open wound ; blood pours from the opening , running thickly through all of her fingers .
only half of it is left standing - fragments of three walls , a portion of the roof , part of an elevated platform that must once have been used to store hay .
` ` we have to call jules , '' i said , hopping off the bale of hay .
a small wooden stool lay on the ground in front of him , tipped over in a pile of hay , while a pair of dirty bare feet swung a few inches above it .
i breathed in the sweet smell of the hay and waited for my heart to stop pounding .
i threw my arms over my head , burying my face in the sweet - smelling hay , willing it all to be a dream , and i had almost succeeded when i heard , ` ` nice corsage . ''
before i knew what was happening , bex was pulling me to my feet and hooking me to the cable , and macey was pushing open the loft door to the chilly autumn night , getting ready to lower me outside like a great big bale of hay .
i imagined her blending in with the wooden slats and bales of hay , disappearing among the sea of couples until no one noticed one girl standing alone , not quite a part of the party .
it 's no - shirt guy standing in front of a pile of hay about three stories tall .
he turns around and flings a whole bale of hay into the sheep pens .
he asks gruffly as he gets another bale of hay .
in the middle of a pile of hay , no less . ''
my toenails are dry now , with pieces of grass or hay stuck to them permanently .
right after the adults leave the pens for the day , i watch as the teens gather together on bales of hay over ten feet tall .
i hang my feet over the edge of the hay and lean back .
when i hear his laugh , i turn around and jump down the piles of hay until i reach the ground .
before i realize what he 's doing , avi picks me up and throws me like a bale of hay over his shoulder .
he 's a rough , rugged israeli who can whip bales of hay around effortlessly .
he was working at the sheep pens on the moshav , lugging bales of hay .
instead of landing on the soft hay , i landed on avi .
in silence , he winds alongside stacks of hay and beneath tree branches that hang over the back roads .
he parks the car and we get out and walk across a vast green field , overrun with hay and weeds , until we come to a path that leads down to a little waterfal , where ty has set up a picnic .
tonight we 're meeting at this field party , and i fully expect we 'll make out behind a hay bale or something .
thanks to all the years he 's spent baling hay on his dad 's farm , corndog has gone from not to hot , from scrawny to sinewy , from geek to god , and now has to beat girls off with a stick .
i pass a bunch of hay bales , then i stop at their mailbox , prop my bike up with one foot , and slip the gift bag inside .
bits of hay and grass .
mr . goodwin keeps plenty of people on staff - veterinarians , farriers ( blacksmiths ) to fix horseshoes , farmers to work the hay , tons of grooms and exercise riders , and stall managers .
i bury my nose in his shirt , inhaling his earthy smell of grass and leather and hay .
the large wooden doors are wide open as i charge through a flock of birds mooching grain , and the intoxicating smell of hay and horse and manure hits me in the face .
` ` hay is for horses . ''
he wo n't stop rolling on the floor , scattering his hay bed , and snorting .
three hay wagons are off to the side of the gravel drive , with a large sign reading : be scared out of your wits !
when we walk back the sun has set and the first trailer piled with hay and pulled by a green tractor takes off for the woods .
sarah surprises me by taking my hand and the three of us rush off towards the hay wagon a hundred yards away from the pavilion .
we skip the line and jump up onto the trailer , where the four of us sit on a bale of hay together .
i watch tommy from the bale of hay .
chapter eight two hours later , we 're sitting on hay bales in the back of a pickup truck , the wind whistling through our hair .
our idea of a gym is dragging your garbage can to the end of a dirt road or hauling hay . ''
not if you had a thing for big , burly jocks who looked like they tossed bales of hay during the summer .
enormous bales of hay covered the landscape as far as i could see , lit in orange and red .
i could n't help but think the combination of dried hay and fire would n't end well .
correction : the combination of hay , fire , and cheap beer could n't end well .
large bales of hay came into view .
several cows nibbled and chewed at a trough full of greenish hay .
there 's a barn , with a door barely hanging on its leather hinges , and jim goes to take the horses there , as we know we will spend the night here , but katy says , ` ` let 'em graze out here for a while , jim , as they ai n't gon na find no hay nor oats in there now , that 's fer sure . ''
i was lying on my back in the hay , and her right leg was thrown over me , with various parts of her female self pressed tightly to my side .
after our day 's labor , we return exhausted to our nest in the hay and burrow in .
i was n't the thin , stoop - shouldered man in the dingy white coat who brought the fresh hay and oats and water .
even with the memory foam mattress pad , the dorm bed was as comfortable as a sack of hay .
` ` rolling in the hay . ''
` ` well , i assumed , given the love exchange and the hay rolling . ''
` ` about the hay rolling ?
` ` you would n't be thinking about it if we were hay rolling , i bet . ''
` ` just rolling in the hay . ''
somewhere with animals and big trees and that fresh smell of hay and poop that somehow was n't unpleasant .
` ` no hay problema . ''
the wind smelled like hay and just - mown grass .
emily shifted her feet in the scratchy hay .
the sharp scent of hay tickled emily 's eyes .
there was even a little bit of hay in her hair .
they all crouched behind a large bale of hay , waiting for the game to start .
spencer took ali 's arm and dragged her behind a nearby hay bale .
ali snickered , leaning against the hay .
he sits on the ground with his torso sloppily supported by a stack of baled hay .
correction - under bales of hay .
officially cutting him off , i slide the few remaining beers from him and conceal them in the hay while trying to keep his eyes on me .
with her black hair sprawled out against the golden hay , she reminds me of a modern - day version of snow white - lips as red as roses , skin as white as snow .
the hay rustles beneath beth as she lifts her head .
from behind me , i hear the hay crunch as ryan battles his impaired state to stand .
i pick up a tasty - looking piece of new hay that still has its head of bearded barleycorn on it and i stick it between my teeth and chew on the end , musing on the happenings of the last six weeks - london , the outfitting of my vessel , the leave - taking , the journey over , and our arrival back in dear old boston .
` ` your very purple prose efforts , sister , '' says i , squirming deeper into the wonderfully warm hay .
` ` two dewy country maidens taking their ease in the new - mown hay .
` ` no hay rosas sin espinas , eh , flaco ?
` ` you take my word for it , i ' ve been on this earth since the eleventh century , and i know what a girl looks like when she 's just been rolling in a stack of hay . ''
` ` hay ? ''
i know people who fancy rolling in the hay when i see them . ''
` ` rolling in the hay ! ''
and what i ' m for as well - the brilliant lesley hay . ''
` ` does your puppy need to go out before i hit the hay ? ''
in the middle of nebraska cornfields , on a classic midwestern farm , and on a cliche hay bale located in the back of a tractor barn perpendicular to a field of horses ; i watched my fellow immortals , magic coursing through our blood in unison , and felt completely out of place .
the old stone barn smelled like dirt and musty hay .
old farm equipment hung on rusted hooks protruding from the walls and short , stools and benches littered the hay covered earthen ground .
i had come right out and told him everything about my origins , my destiny on this planet and my future role in saving earth from the legions of darkness one day when we were climbing hay bales on his family 's farm .
so if we did n't want to get stuck working with our parents , we spent time swimming in the pond on the back of his property , jumping hay bales , hiding out in the rafters of the barns or walking the corn fields , up one way and then back and then up and then back .
he smelled like rain and hay , and tristan .
we jumped hay bales during harvest , we got lost in the rows of corn during the summer , and during the spring we would splash in the huge puddles the tractor tires made until we were covered head to toe in mud .
* * * ravka in summer was at its most lovely , its fields thick with gold and green , the air balmy and sweet with the scent of warm hay .
` ` me mom always called it a speal - what d'you call it in english , the thing they cut hay with ? ''
he went by foot and by hay cart when the weather was kind , and in the winter , he hitched his two black horses to a sledge , kissed his children , and set out in the snow .
` ` hay fever , '' she mutters .
the winter air carries their warm animal smell and , beneath it , the sweet scent of hay .
like she was more than a good roll in the hay but i know what she really is .
she opened her eyes , finding herself indeed in a dungeon , dumped onto a rotten pallet of hay and chained to the wall .
dungeons , rotten hay , cold stones against her cheek , guards talking , bread and cheese and water .
a bucket for relieving herself , a bucket of water , the crumbs of her last meal , and moldy hay that formed a rough pallet ; that was all kaltain had been given .
` ` i do n't trust her with anything in there except hay . ''
celaena pulled the tray closer , then leaned against the stone wall behind the pallet of hay .
all that was left inside was celaena 's cloak , discarded in the kicked - up hay .
the boy comes back and sits down on the pile of old rags and smelly hay and stares at me , saying nothing .
shank 's mare , mostly , but sometimes a kindly farmer would give me a lift on his hay wagon .
jeffrey sits on a bale of hay , his face pale , clutching at his stomach like he 's been punched .
she stumbles , and christian and i catch her between us , guide her to a hay bale , and sit her down .
i cling to him , breathing in his smell , his cologne and horse sweat and hay , a hint of oreo cookies , feeling the solidness of his arms , knowing this is the last time i 'll feel that , and i look up at him all desperate and heartbroken , and then we 're kissing .
but then i reminded myself that he 'd only be good for a roll in the hay one time and then he 'd be off to another conquest .
the smell of hay and manure from the nearby barn was ameliorated by the sulphur of the matches used to light the blunts .
` ` hay is for horses , harper jane ! ''
he lunges for her , his big hands out in front of him - and as he throws himself forward , risa raises the pitchfork that she 's concealed in the hay .
when risa first sees it , she yells at it , throws hay , and heaves a garden hoe .
i can smell the warm hay now ... ummm ...
me and my mates from the rooster charlie gang had come up to woolwich one summer day many years ago , hitchin ' rides on the backs of hay wagons , to see if there was anything shakin ' in the neighborhood that might lend us some sustenance .
after we washed the horses and put them in their stalls , gunner and jefferson gave them all fresh hay .
once she settled a little bit she sat down on a bale of hay and took in a deep breath .
then i saw all the hay bales .
emma and her quilting club made pillows to put on the hay bales as well .
the first thing i saw was all of the people sitting on the hay bales .
i looked down at matt as he was trying to sweep some hay away from one of the barn doors .
gunner sat down on a hay bale and looked up at me .
sitting on one of the hay bales , i tried to listen to gunner going on about something with the cattle , but i could n't pull my eyes away from ari .
he smiled as he took my hand and walked me over to a hay bale .
we kept some mats there for sleeping on , just burlap stuffed with hay and some bits of wool when we could get it .
they put a torch to the hay , and the animals started to fret something awful .
the fire were spreading quick with so much hay , and they were kept in by ropes across their stalls .
i wanted to stay awake , to treasure this , to roll it over in my mind till i had picked up every little bit of it , like baling hay .
the floor was covered in dry hay .
we were in rolling around in the hay .
will had been picked as ` ` it , '' and i 'd found him almost immediately in the hodges ' barn , wedged in the back of a hay bale .
sure , they say we were bred to carry knights into battle , the tourists eat that up , but in real life , i pull the hay wagon , i make nice with the kids , i ... whoa , check that out . ''
` ` i toppled out of a window when i was five and fell three stories into a handcart full of hay .
` ` do you think i 'll have an appetite for hay ? ''
they were dark and saturated with the odors of horses - hay , oats , wood , leather , mud , dung , hide , and especially blood .
the sentries forced him to his knees in an empty room that smelled of old hay .
fae moved across the bridges , and carts loaded with everything from vegetables to hay to wine .
` ` shake one in the hay . ''
bales of hay and gourds , mostly , though there were ghosts made of white sheets and fat - bellied witches from plastic trash bags .
a hay wagon bounced down a snaky cut that jagged through the woods .
instead of hay , the wagon was crammed with people - all blindfolded .
then her eye fell on a wooden dowel protruding from a bale of hay , and she felt a surge of elation : yes !
she twisted out the hay hook .
she turned , hay hook in hand , thinking , fight , fight .
thumbing the rifle 's carry strap , she checked the safety , and then she stripped off her glove and snaked her right hand to her back , her fingers slipping around the wooden dowel of the hay hook where it dangled from a belt loop .
she had the rifle , the hay hook , a knife .
she was shaking , all over , the hay hook in its belt loop bouncing against her right thigh .
because she had two choices : let spider kill her , or- her questing fingers closed over that hay hook and twisted it free : eighteen inches of cold - rolled steel as thick as her thumb , as sharp as an ice pick .
or- 2 she exploded , catapulting across the snow , unfurling , leading with the hay hook and aiming right for spider 's face because that wicked curve of steel was what she wanted the girl to see .
she soaked the hay with- ` ` m - mom ? ''
jesus , you mean the hay ? ''
he scooped hay pellets and oats into saddlebags , dumped dog kibble into a canvas carryall .
wade had a lot of feed : barley , corn , good hay , scratch for the chickens .
directly ahead and in the center were wooden pallets , stacked three deep and three high , the kind farmers normally used for hay .
as he neared the barn , isaac waved to another boy - not tall enough to be jayden , so maybe connor or rob - pushing a barrow of soiled hay .
wisconsin was lousy with red gable - roofed barns with stone foundations and sliders and haymows and cupolas to draw in air and dry out the hay .
instead of telling us to stay out of his stuff , her dad had bought a target and some bales of hay and set up a practice range for us in their garage .
my window was partially open , smells of earth and dried hay blowing gently through the car as we passed acres of farmland , different from pennsylvania 's only in its flatness .
i am here because the new men that malvern has hired to feed the horses are afraid at best and incompetent at worst , and the hay has been poor and the cuts of meat even worse .
dove smells soft , all hay and grass and molasses .
i lean on the gate , waiting for dove to calm down enough to pick at her hay - she does n't - until i ' m too cold in my wet clothing .
` ` switch her from that poor hay and she 'd have more energy .
less of a hay belly . ''
of course she 'd have more energy on better hay and grain .
the whole lot of them would buy one bale of hay and not a bite of good grain .
they slowly chew hay and stomp their hooves as an itch tickles their legs .
unlike the land horses , corr does n't loiter over hay all night or sigh through his lips .
he 'd thrown four men and killed another and he was eating four or eight bales of hay a day and no one would touch an unbackable man - killer at that auction .
when i get her back to the house , i turn her loose in her paddock and toss a flake of hay over the fence .
it 's cruddy islandgrass hay , i know , though i ' ve never cared much until now .
i glower at dove 's hay belly and open the door to the house .
i notice that he smells of hay and horses and that makes me like him a bit better .
i feel guilty about the load of hay and grain i just bought .
` ` you should save your money for hay , '' i mutter .
i 'll bring dove up to the cliffs this evening , maybe , after she 's had the day to eat expensive hay and get used to the idea of being fast .
dove is still strung out and fretful , and i do n't think she 'll touch her hay unless i ' m out there with her .
i break open one of the cheap bales of hay to use as a blanket over our legs and we lean back against the wall of the lean - to .
dove stands half in and half out of the lean - to and picks at her hay .
for a few minutes , we 're all silent , slurping potatoes and broth , listening to dove 's teeth grinding up the expensive hay and the sound of the light rain whispering across the metal roof of the lean - to .
finn piles more hay across his legs for insulation .
i set my own empty bowl on the hay bale behind me and take a piece of bread .
he spreads the hay thin and then thick again over his legs , trying to make it even .
crossly , i throw a stick of hay toward dove .
i glance at him to see if he 's picking at his arms yet , but he 's just mutilating a piece of hay .
he 's demolished the hay in his hands ; it 's just dust .
finn shreds another piece of hay .
instead , i start to burrow down into the hay blanket i ' ve made ; slowly , to keep the pieces from making noise .
the wind teases the hay .
my hands are fisted over the hay , the nails biting into my palms .
finn covers his face , the hay falling from his hands , and i see his shoulders shake .
the only time peg gratton addresses me is to tell me that i ' m welcome to give dove more hay if she needs it before the end of the night , before the storm gets bad .
because i rode dove back from hastoway the evening before , i give her the morning off and tell her to eat some expensive hay .
chapter forty - five puck even before i get down the twilight - darkened lane to the malvern yard , i can see evidence of it - the fields and fields of horses - and i can smell it - good horses making good manure from good hay .
and there 's nothing disagreeable about the grass - hay - manure scent of the malvern yard .
already dove 's hay belly has disappeared , either through regular schooling or through better feed .
sean joins me by the counter , standing close enough that i can smell hay and salt water and dust on him .
for once it does n't smell of fish ; it smells of the hay that he moved for me the night before and the smoke from the funeral pyre .
the breeze runs long and low across the ground , sweeping up the sea and the island grass and the hay and the horses .
some were long and skinny livestock barns , others broad hay barns topped with pointy - hatted cupolas .
for two days , they 'd trailed together across fields carved by glaciers and marked by round hay bales higher than their heads , finding hidden water sources and tiny caves and lightning - burned stumps and strangely marked stones .
i heard hay being crushed to the ground , close behind me .
we waited while he readied our mares , watching arthur 's black charger paw at the floor in his stall and the barn cats hunt for mice , all the while enjoying the freshly - cut hay smell that surrounded us .
its barred ceiling was low , its floor piled deep with rank - smelling hay .
we sank down into the hay , feeling defeated and depressed .
emma swept a clear patch in the hay and knocked on the floor .
but she looked the same as she always had , only calmer somehow , asleep in the hay next to bronwyn , her small , feathered chest rising and falling softly .
` ` hide yourselves under the hay and do n't make a sound ! ''
we did as instructed and dug ourselves into the stinking hay .
from the corner of my eye i saw hugh rise from the hay and crawl to bronwyn 's trunk .
emma lifted herself out of the hay on her elbows and rolled toward them , and i got closer too , to listen .
bekhir walked among us , making sure each peculiar child was comfortable , asking if we had enough to eat and drink , and apologizing repeatedly for the state of our clothes , now covered in filthy bits of hay from the cage .
as i raked bits of hay from my hair with my fingers and bit into a loaf of inedible bread , the gypsies and their children watched us with mournful faces .
a light , gentle breeze blew across the valley of high plains grasses , carrying with it the fragrance of fresh cut hay and wildflowers .
the cart had a couple stacks of hay , and a sleeping sheep .
dalton laid the girl next to the sheep and began piling some hay on her to try and keep her warm .
i reserve the right to use your bloody hay if i want .
the girl lay there with the sheep , covered in hay .
taylor stepped out into the quiet darkness of the barnyard to find lilly ann sitting on a hay wagon contemplating the straw she was gnawing on .
he ran to the tractor , yanked off half a bail of hay from the cabin and jumped into drivers seat .
with roaring engine , dragging a dramatic cloud of dust and hay behind him he raced the huge vehicle onto the pasture .
but he found it was more than just attraction or thoughts of a few minutes rolling in the hay .
the men were silent for a moment , and during their silence i became aware of the sound of the horses behind me chewing hay .
toby and i drove while the rest of the club , wearing reindeer horns and blinking red noses , rode on a small hay wagon attached to the back .
in the back of the wagon , on a built up pile of hay bales , rides the grand marshal of the granite falls christmas parade , none other than santa claus .
he approached the girls , who were each standing on the lower rails of a split - rail fence , leaning over with hay for the animals .
he was a rabbit like me property of the navyand i guess that if he had nt been aboard i d have starved to death for lack of hay .
david and john helped seamus unhitch the pony and put it in the paddock with a flake of hay while sarah made a pot of tea in the kitchen with dierdre .
john lit the fire in the cook stove and gathered more wood , set the rabbit trap , sharpened the knives ( i would nt even let him open a can of dog food back home , she thought with amazement , for fear he d cut himself ) , fed the horses and the goats and the chickens with corn and hay he took out of the basement storage .
the family had taken their horses but had left behind full bales of stacked hay .
sarah sat on a hay bale , cupping a tin of piping hot milkless tea .
donovan was lying in one of the empty stalls , hay piled around him .
the light pierces like a medieval lance between two tall stacks of square - baled hay that stand less than a half a foot apart and gleams off of a cold steel wheel about the size of a mans hand .
the hay itself is nearly ancient and rotting .
the rotting hay is evidence of old chores left forever undone and of the sloughed - off dreams of farm and ranch life , the dreamer gone now , taken off for parts unknown .
were you to push aside the stacks of hay and allow them to topple , before you would stand a four and a half - foot tall black case .
motes of hay , mold and old animal dander dance in the near horizontal sunbeams around you as you open the book .
lets give the combination wheel a good spin , step back and , with some effort , re - stack the hay where it belongs .
lets , for a moment , forget what s behind a steel black door hidden behind two moldy stacks of hay in a forgotten shell of a barn ; a barn that sits on a piece of land that was long ago fenced off from the remainder of the world .
if you were to take the distant ribbon of road where it meets the horizon far away and draw a line downward through the center of it , continue it on through the working men and machines , draw it still closer through the woods and across where it bisects another narrower unpaved road , draw it still further through the fence line and through the woods , you would see that the line intersects perfectly with the now completely dark hole in the side of the barn where not long ago a shaft of light penetrated neatly between two stacks of rotting hay .
there ai nt nothing there but scrub brush and gullies and an old hay barn .
an old hay barn .
an old hay barn that s about to fall down under its own weight .
three trespassers moved through the brush to the south of the old hay barn .
inside the barn there was a dirt floor and bales of moldy hay tossed about .
i looked over to the right of a fallen - down hay barn at a dried - up truck patch garden .
ill eat that and then i m gon na hit the hay .
` ` you plan to take hay ?
our relationship up to now had been entertaining , a little beyond flirting but way short of a roll in the hay , and who 'd be dumb enough to do that , anyway ?
without letting himself stop to think , neil darted forward and jumped into the back of the cart , which appeared to be full of damp , moldy hay .
scrunching down in the filthy stuff , he pulled his jumper up over his nose and mouth and tried not to breathe too deeply or to imagine where the hay had come from .
with great stealth , he peered out of the hay and over the back of the cart .
the paddocks were sufficiently dry to allow mr . iredale to put the horses out in the morning although they were still putting hay out for them as the grass needed time to grow .
the office was typical of offices found in horse barns , redolent of hay and saddle soap , monitors on a shelf hooked up to the cameras in the foaling stalls and old racing prints hanging on the wall .
they threw hay at each other and squealed without a care .
a stall to the west housed two horses feeding on some hay .
the stable door remained open as clift entered an empty stall and began eating some fresh hay .
more hay was used in the last open stall , to make a softer pallet on the solid soil ground for them .
the hay bedding had been remarkably softer than the hard ground he s slept on for months .
meat was stocked as were , fruits , vegetables and hay for clift .
what i need for you to do is hide in clifts hay pile and stay there .
i need you to slowly eat your hay while lily is hiding inside it .
if they try to poke the hay , pretend to spook and kick them if you need to .
when we got too close to his hay we scared him and he about kicked me .
lily almost exploded out of the hay .
one held hay dummies for those who used or specialized in ranged items .
the yards hay training targets stood abandoned now , a few arrows still sticking out of them .
` ` andrew , lewis - i want you pulling the mattress so we can replace the hay . ''
disappointment filled the boys ' faces , followed quickly by the group 's realization that hay was to be delivered later in the day .
the stable boys would often pass the time laying against bales of lightly banded hay , watching the orange flickers vanish one - by - one from the tiny windows and discussing the woman that could possibly be in that overlook , and what that woman could possibly be doing .
the stable boys were gathered on a pile of hay , all except two - the twins .
reluctantly , she sat cross - legged on the hay a few feet from the other boys .
she had n't moved but two or three feet from the hay pile .
back off behind all that hay is an ol army jeep .
there were no windows , but enough light came through the small door opening to see an old truck sitting in the hallway of the barn , covered in dust and bits of hay and other barn debris .
the decrepit barn smelled of old hay , rot and mold .
a pitchfork was protruding from a bale of hay and dozens and dozens of baling twine cut from numerous bales of hay lay drooped over a plank two by four cross member supported one end of the closest stall .
a pitchfork was protruding from a bale of hay and dozens and dozens of baling twine cut from numerous bales of hay lay drooped over a plank two by four cross member supported one end of the closest stall .
a huge pile of loose hay covered almost half of one side of the barn , but something was terribly wrong !
there was plenty of hay , but hay burned too fast to make a decent fire , he needed wood .
there was plenty of hay , but hay burned too fast to make a decent fire , he needed wood .
rounding the giant pile of hay , he was astounded ! !
pulling a long hay straw from the pile of hay he stuck it into the filler pipe .
pulling a long hay straw from the pile of hay he stuck it into the filler pipe .
he withdrew the straw and checked if there was any indication of gas on the hay stem .
the chickens were milling in the yard , and the goats lay on their sides pulling up mouthfuls of hay and chewing contentedly .
when she suggested they alternate who got the bed each night , cade drew the line , reminding her that she had slept on a pallet of hay while he had a proper bed during her captivity .
the barn was three times the size of the house and still contained a harvest of seventy or so hay - bails that seemed to coe to have been there forever , they were the last crop of hay before the large fields had been sold off , they were stacked to one side of the barn over which was raised a mezzanine style platform the barn had once housed up to fifty cows but not for many years now .
the barn was three times the size of the house and still contained a harvest of seventy or so hay - bails that seemed to coe to have been there forever , they were the last crop of hay before the large fields had been sold off , they were stacked to one side of the barn over which was raised a mezzanine style platform the barn had once housed up to fifty cows but not for many years now .
our shooting range consisted of a bale of hay out in his hayfield with our target mounted against the hays side .
our shooting range consisted of a bale of hay out in his hayfield with our target mounted against the hays side .
we mounted our targets on a 4x4x1/2 piece of steel which pa had situated at a slight angle and leaned it against the hay bale ; when the bullets hit the targets they would ricochet into the dirt .
we walked down into the hay field and i picked up the bird .
bales of hay lay around him and up in rafters , as well as sacks of what he assumed were oats or some other type of horse - food .
there s plenty of hay and water for him in there .
the houses utilize a cabin - style construction with thick patches of hay serving for roofing .
moving toward the open field beyond the barn , rift spots a farmhand busily scooping fodder with a hay fork .
the token was fired towards her after she hit the fifth target ; she knocked it away with her dagger before she realised what she 'd done , and had to go and scrabble in the hay to retrieve it .
catalina meant much more to him than just a roll in the hay .
he could nt understand how anyone could give up the creature comforts he had to offer for a roll in the hay .
i better hit the hay early tonight , said beth watching raj pretend he understood what she just said .
up above , here , is the loft where we 'll be putting the hay later this summer , if you 're still with us come then . ''
* * * * * ` ` it 's almost time for second - cut hay already . ''
he barely acknowledged her comment as he remembered the first - cut hay .
back in mid june , however , he broke his back , threw out his shoulders and strung out his knees for almost a week just cutting the hay down with what mr . browley called a scythe .
` ` cutting hay is going to be a double lesson for you , chris . ''
after a brief demonstration from mr . browley on how to scythe the hay , he handed the task over to chris .
that s when chris allowed himself to look around to see all of the hay laying flat on the ground .
it took them two and a half days to fork up the hay it took him and mason almost four days to cut down .
mason stood on top of the wagon situating the hay that chris and mr . browley tossed up from the field .
the hay field was bare and the wheat field lay protected from the weeds .
only two more to go chris thought , snapping back to hear mr . browley , once again , talk about the second - cut for the hay .
* * * * * the process of scything seemed almost natural to chris even though he d only done it once with the hay .
the field behind his home rippled with flowing grass that would soon be hay for the farm animals .
priscilla and hanna gathered the seeds into baskets and took them outside to mrs . browley who tossed them into the air allowing the gentle breeze to carry away the seed bits and left over hay while the good seeds fell back into the basket .
he threw hay to samantha who seemed lonely without sam there with her .
he called from the loft as he forked scoops of hay , throwing it down for chris to later give to the horses , cows and goats .
ill just throw this hay to the animals .
he stood up , brushed the dust and hay from his clothes and stormed out of the back door .
the small loft that hung above him had some hay to get him through until the first cut .
the sky speckled with hungry bees , colorful butterflies and birds scouring the land for bits of grass and hay .
the watering during the dry spells and spreading the hay in the rows for weed control .
knowing he only had a few minutes until breakfast was ready , he hurried through his chores , letting the animals out into their pens and throwing hay and grain for them to munch on throughout the day .
it seemed to take him a bit longer than usual to finish scooping , shoveling , then it was time to fork out the fresh hay .
he does nt even know i left or why , i was nt even done throwing hay , yet .
they had barely left the bed , only for chris to throw hay and grain at the animals and for hanna to use the necessary .
an overwhelming feeling consumed him to where he dropped to his knees right onto the hay covered floor of the barn .
chris dropped down into the hay and began sobbing uncontrollably .
chris took in some deep breaths and stood , brushing the hay from himself .
it was a tool she had used thousands of times before on the farm , cleaning out stalls and throwing hay to the cows .
a pile of hay in a barn was like a five - star hotel for me until last night .
it was the type of off - road machine that one would find on a farm , hauling hay bales and firewood .
scarborough took careful attendance of sterling rose , before leaving her warm and cozy in a stall filled with fresh straw , good hay , and a bucket of water .
i was taken in fifteen minutes after the first light where i cried to the laboring lungs of my horse that they please pity her and take her to a good home and give her fresh hay and good water , hoping in the back of my mind to one day regain her .
shhh , quiet girl , i said tossing her some hay which made her immediately forget about me and dig into the delicious food in front of her .
she had feed him hours ago not wanting to upset his stomach with a heavy hay belly and cause colic in the hot summer heat .
stated lucifer , picking at his teeth with a hay stick , now lets shake on it shall we ?
but there she lay sprawled on a bed a hay , knickers round her ears , that vain fool bird flappin ' his gold - painted wings at her nethers .
dedicated to the infamous hay street brothels in kalgoorlie west australia , where the author found incredible character reference for this manuscript .
the horse was right where maklavir had left him , chomping quietly on some hay .
he laid me down on the hay in the bed of our wagon .
the walls , the posts , the hay , the troughs .
strands of hay stuck to the blood that coated it .
my crossbow fell to the hay .
he looked about , then led his palomino into its stall , closed the gate and moved to the pile of hay beside it .
father vestille set down his lantern and grabbed a pitchfork from the wall , then started to scrape and pitch hay in a mad rush .
he cleared the hay in front of the stalls and set the pitchfork back in place .
i wrinkled my nose at the molded hay strewn across the floor , next to a hitching post built into the wall .
ill clean that out of here and get some fresh hay in the morning , father vestille said , setting his lantern on a table .
he tramped back down as i removed crimsons saddle and let him bed down beside the old hay .
up above , beams of light broke through the wall , revealing the loading entrance for stockpiling hay .
i wrinkled my nose at the moldy straw pushed to the outer edges by fresh hay .
i spread the hay apart with caution , as if wading through weeds in a pond .
the noise beyond the hay pile grew louder and stronger , the chant drumming through my entire body as i waded deeper in .
finally , i broke through part of the hay to peer through a giant square hole in the center of the loft .
the nearest one clawed through the hay and seized my wrist .
i turned back toward the hay pile i had hidden in .
i pushed myself out into the cool night air , in the midst of the thick hay .
i rose from the cot as crimson stirred suddenly from the hay , looking up at me .
my throat tasted like dry manure , and there was a suffocating smell of dust from the surrounding hay .
only one of them sniffed at the alcohol in the air and fingered a piece of the hay i had stuffed into jacquards shirt .
it yanked the lantern from his grip and knocked it into jacquards back , which i had dressed with hay and doused in liquor .
i had lined the walls with liquor from corner to corner , inside and out , and spread the hay out evenly within .
i felt like collapsing in the fresh hay , but forced myself to remain standing .
i still rested on his flank as i kicked hay off of the twin trap doors .
he rose - looking over a hay bale he froze .
janik ran up one of the stairs to the hay loft of the barn as the crawling infected moved towards him .
instead xavier went up to the hay loft , hoping that the infected would nt be able to crawl up the stairs .
he did nt want to be trapped in the hay loft with the walker , even though it had nt seen him .
i was horrified and i move few steps backward , it was a mystery to see my self sleeping on a heap of hay right next to a beautiful black house .
i covered as much as i could behind the hay .
pushcarts held loaves of bread and rations of food and water , while others were loaded with hay .
after shouting for the stable master , she put her horse in one of the empty pens and placed fresh hay and feed in the bin .
a man brought in a large load of hay on a small cart .
it did nt take long to fill the trough of three horses with hay and oats .
meeka eventually finished and sat down on a bale of hay .
fluttering from an upturned hay cart caught their attention next .
i was strong for sure but i d seen alan slinging hay bales and did nt wish to tangle with him .
wait a second , why am i in a hay bed ?
he smelt of sweat and urine and the hay he lay on was soggy and crawling with insects .
alan was pointing at a chemist shop , the front window consumed by a giant red nose , the words ' say no to hay fever ! '
it 's all hay stacks and smelly barn yards !
tufts of hair like scorched hay crunched in his hand .
they hit the hay and erik soon slept .
he looked angry as he busted open a bale of hay , and began pitching it over the fence .
she slunk to her blankets on a bed of hay and once she reached them , she requested , tell me again about the creator .
gohon - rice gomen - sorry gomen kudasi - excuse me gomen nasai - excuse me , i ' m sorry hai - yes , agree haiji - left hay aku - hurry up honto - true , for sure iie - no juban - worn under a kimono kanji - japanese written characters kawaii - cute , pretty kirin - japanese beer kohi - coffee koko - stop here .
the large grizzled warrior stood up and led sarah and the woman out of the hall to the communal barn that housed the steadings supply of hay and grain .
we were fed dry hay and occasionally , pieces of rotten fruit .
we saw trucks overloaded with cotton and hay and cows and elephants ( yes , elephants ! )
i think ill grab a bite , finish off my flask , and hit the hay .
` ` it 's right up there , buried in the hay , '' said the old man .
the whole loft was packed with hay ; bales and bales of it , as well as large loose mounds of hay .
the whole loft was packed with hay ; bales and bales of it , as well as large loose mounds of hay .
he saw that bax had hung the lantern on a peg and was probing the piles of hay with a long , hooked pole , in an effort to find the crate .
elemental tongues leapt from one hay bale to another .
suddenly bax was there , sweeping him up and bounding across the open expanse of the deck for the shelter of several bales of hay stowed neatly against the wall .
bax asked as they hunkered down behind the hay bales .
she had helped him down , directing his feet not to the floor he realized , but rather to a tarpaulin - covered mound of hay bales .
bag in hand , he carefully climbed down off the piled hay .
a mild smell of horse manure and hay hung on the air as it often did in the warmer months of the year .
brad learned the values a country kid should be taught and learned how to drive a truck and a tractor , pitch hay , milk a cow by hand , split firewood and deliver a calf .
from there the trail followed the old barnyard lane between the chicken coop and hay barn .
brad pulled the pontiac onto the roads extra wide shoulder near one of the whiting dairy 's huge hay fields .
as the sun peeked over the horizon he had been cutting hay along the runways edge for over an hour , he was startled and brought the tractor to a halt as three thundering horses flashed past from behind , turf flew up all around some striking the window of his cab .
he could feel the people ( especially that no - good laughing lady ) struggling to escape his mended sack , but he had more important things concerning him as he rounded the corner of a hay bale and spied a man chopping firewood on the homestead .
when he came to , he was leaning against the hay bales in his field with six strangers sitting beside him .
chapter 19 an army of democracy on my arrival at the brazos , had i consulted the wishes of all , i should have been like an ass between two stacks of hay .
i was not good at carrying sheaths of hay , as one might imagine .
he had apparently been fast asleep in the hay and had n't spotted meintjies entering behind him .
one bones in the echoing gloom of the hay barn , a tall , gaunt figure stared down at the gaping hole in the ground .
after weeks of snow and plummeting temperatures , even here in the shelter of the hay barn , the ground had been like iron .
plenty of room for one more in the hay barn .
just when they thought he would collide with the door , he veered off at a tangent and slid to a halt in the hay barn , his long claws skidding on the hard , bare earth .
outside in the fading light of the hay barn , spike , terri and doc were huddled together trying to keep warm by the makeshift grave .
leaving the hay barn , they stepped out into the bleak winter light .
the hay barn .
tucked close to the hedging , they squeezed back along the hedgerow to the hay barn .
he s gone in they scarcely remembered leaving the hay barn or traipsing across gullivans field to solomon .
joseph muttered before passing out on his bed of hay .
he lay on his bed of hay for what seemed like hours , wondering who the man was and what secrets the note might contain .
two paddocks , as reid called the fields , had been cut for hay and one other was ready for cutting .
a local contractor baled the hay that was stored in a hay shed , really just an iron roof held up by eight steel poles .
a local contractor baled the hay that was stored in a hay shed , really just an iron roof held up by eight steel poles .
reid and himself had spent the morning using an old three ton bedford truck , another vehicle inherited with the farm , to transport hay bales to the hay shed to be unloaded and stacked .
reid and himself had spent the morning using an old three ton bedford truck , another vehicle inherited with the farm , to transport hay bales to the hay shed to be unloaded and stacked .
` ` well , i 'd better get back to the hay , '' he muttered .
` ` you mean with the hay ?
` ` there 's always school work but if a thundershower arrives on your hay '' kylena fixed john with a wide gaze .
but the hay was in .
kylena helped john and reid cover the exposed side of the hay shed with a massive tarpaulin before the three , followed by a bubbly helen , dashed through the downpour into a different aroma , that of cooking .
it had a huge round bale of hay suspended on a hydraulic bar behind and already ; the cattle on the plateau were waiting to be fed .
` ` i 'll get the hay rolled out and we 'll see if our plan works . ''
as it did , the bale of hay began to unwind like a gigantic toilet paper roll .
almost every morning after dropping the girls off at school , john spent an hour or more with harold before the pair went up to the farm and began the daily feed out of hay to the animals .
it was quarter loaded with hay bales covered in a massive tarpaulin ready for the evening 's feed out .
designed to protect the hay , it could bellow up or flap in the wind but would be secure .
i ve driven it around the hay field . ''
` ` right lassie , harold replied and lifted the teacher up under the tarpaulin with her shivering but remarkably well behaved children who squatted under the green cover with their backs against the hay bales .
in the hay paddock she had never moved into a higher gear and the thought of doing so now was too scary to contemplate .
the tray stunk of half wet hay and animal dung but was dry and they were moving .
a man with a large forklift took a load of alfalfa hay bales off a flat - bed truck and waddled through the parking lot with them to the stacks in the back .
* * * mason ran a fork lift at their feed store , arranging bales of different kinds of hay out back .
to ease the rooms tension , ethan looked over to a circular ring inlaid with stacks of wood and stuffed with hay and shredded newspaper .
she even told me how many times all the females , this kira included , propositioned you to roll around in the hay whoa , where did that come from ?
tony and some other men saved the animals from the burning stable but there was no chance of putting the hay packed structure out , so they let it burn .
after showering , bathing and enjoying the food from room service they hit the hay .
his short straw - like hair , meanwhile , was a total mess upon his head , like a roll of hay that had been rummaged by a bear .
as hildred listened to eadrics departing footsteps , she felt as if she melted into the rotted hay , and she wished that she actually would .
the door creaked open and his shadow fell over the hay .
the hay rustled as he moved towards her , causing a fresh onslaught of tremors to wrack her body .
i will be happy to see to it whilst you three are delivering the hay .
lee really did nt mind taking the hay out to mrs .
the sweet smell of hay mingled with the sharp tang of cook fires .
the tall sorrel in the first stall quit munching , strands of hay dangling haphazardly from his lips .
errol smirked and looked at some of her stubborn strands waving above her forehead like they were electrocuted hay .
the outbuildings are kinda like a bunch of service buildings tucked into the hillside where the rest of the folks work to maintain the dogtrot plantation and the pretty lawn and flower grounds which include the hay barns , the horse stables , a blacksmith shop with equine rigging , harnesses , and equipment , the carriage houses , the plant and flower greenhouses , a brick house for both clay brick of the outbuildings and replace granite for the main house , a cabinet maker for wood furnishings , a dry cellar for flour , a medical center for sick folks , a smoke house for meats , a dairy barn , a corn crib , a wheat barn , a poultry coop for hens , an ice house , a dog kennel , a real firehouse since we live out in the real country , a real dead cemetery , and a mountain called loveless mountain .
we do not engage in lavish entertainment but do hold a couple of exciting horse races , a few friendly card competitions , some graceful ball room dances , a few fun hay rides , and a nice game of croquet .
there s a hay dance then a hay ride we dance in hay .
there s a hay dance then a hay ride we dance in hay .
there s a hay dance then a hay ride we dance in hay .
why do we dance in hay ?
does nt hay contain bugs ?
the point of the hay wagon is a ride for two bodies , not three or four or single .
the point of the hay dance is for you to point your beau for the hay ride .
the point of the hay dance is for you to point your beau for the hay ride .
is it going to be cold inside the hay wagons ?
we try this later next week after the hay ride , fingers the book .
the teens laugh from hay dance and the bells from the wagons on the hay ride .
the hay wagons are actually two - sided carts pulled by donkeys instead of horses .
ezzard swings sondra towards one of the hay wagons then loads inside when effie stomps off the dance floor .
for a walk towards the hay wagons , i do believe .
as long as it gets me closer to that hay wagon with my man and that bitch .
the hay wagon of ezzard and sondra .
we load on one of the hay wagons away from the hay dance for a couple of hours then lay low .
we load on one of the hay wagons away from the hay dance for a couple of hours then lay low .
the hay wagon of senn and effie .
there are food tables outside near the hay dance flooring too .
he ca nt do that while scanning the crowded dance floor and moving hay wagons .
she was jealous of you and him on the hay ride .
everyones at the hay ride where you should have stayed .
on the forests carpet lay their needles , overlapped like mounds of hay .
i fell into a stack of thick hay and did not get up at all .
the australians are too dumb to see the big picture so the asians must make hay while the sun shines and entrench themselves in clean air before they get caught out .
i was chafing hay in the haystack one day and did nt notice an angry blue - green cloud rolling across the plain .
it was too late for me to make a run for it so i huddled down behind a stack of hay bales .
when it was over there was just me and a few bales of hay left , the hay shed itself had completely disappeared .
when it was over there was just me and a few bales of hay left , the hay shed itself had completely disappeared .
at the back of the barn was a half - floor piled high with mounds of loose hay and a rickety , dangerous looking , wooden ladder leading up to it .
their rest at the dolmen in the night had strangely given him a burst of extra energy , but now all he could think of doing was laying his body down in the soft hay and shutting his eyes .
paul would never have believed a heap of musty old hay could have so much comfort in it , but as he let his body recline and his head flop back , a deep sigh of relaxation and contentment escaped from his lips .
with his body splayed out now in the yielding softness of the hay , feeling exhausted yet strangely peaceful , it felt like the perfect moment .
expecting to see julies long , auburn hair spread on the pillow next to his he rolled over and opened his eyes to the sight of dusty hay and an unpleasant , prickling sensation on his cheek .
dropping it on the dusty , cobbled floor at his feet , paul quickly added a handful of hay .
across the fields , across the hay , i hope that you will find your way .
they walked past empty pens and stalls , in which hay and animal excrement could be seen .
oh , funny , very funny and now i suppose your going to ask me to grease your hoof with hay !
in seconds , the old , dry bales of hay catch fire .
` ` they had a lot of chemicals in that barn not to mention the hay and the dry timber .
the bright moonlight shining through the open hatch over the hayloft full - lit two figures naked in the hay .
i quicklymethodicallydanced through and around the bastards , working me blades like a new scythe through dry hay .
i ' developed ' asthma and hay fever to keep me out of swimming and games where the bullying was at its worst .
there was no light in the hay loft but he remembered where eduard and joff had lay down and he was able to walk past without disturbing them .
she explained it was hay , and that it came from the mold which she called grass , and that it was for the animals .
i apologised profusely , but she said my deeds were excusable ; there was no harm done , save that hay was considered below sentient creatures .
the hay i had eaten was trampling my insides .
but our supplies were running low , and all i had eaten in the last day was the hay from the barn .
i knew now why melicandra had told me that hay was for beasts only , it could not feed a talking creature .
from a farmer mowing hay .
no , he went to the market to get some food , oaka told her as he unloaded bales of hay from the wagon and shoveled some into the feed trough .
brown , hay - filled fields , high , snow - capped peaks , deep , thick forests .
he fell to the ground , slamming his hands over his head , pushing his face as far into the dry hay as he could .
it pushed against the hay , flattening it and flattening him in a powerful pulse .
nothing burnt , nothing destroyed , but the hay that had been up around his knees moments before was now no higher than a book .
he darted towards her , his boots , which were thick with dirt and crumpled strands of hay trapped in the tread , found easy purchase over the light .
so she ran , up the incline shed fallen into , and out into the hay field .
she had nothing but the toe rings and anklets of the priestess class , and they offered no protection against the scratch of the dry hay and the dryer ground below .
there was ... something out in the hay field .
it was made of old , moldering hay that had seen too much damp , but it was better than the cold stone floor below .
she drifted up , surrounded by a halo of hay as it spilled free from the mattress .
how curious that the thought of dragging her barefoot through a hay field and lacerating her feet was nothing to this man , yet he now shook at the prospect of delivering another cut to her body .
several days ago he d been worried about cropping all the hay before the first autumn rains , now it was a distant speck in comparison to his current problems .
a girl like that is a needle in a hay stack , my friend .
besides a small flock of sheep next to brody 's property , george had large fields for livestock crops , such as hay and barley - most of which he sold off .
oh , by the way , george will be by today with some hay and straw , just so you know . ''
at the cottage , brody had another outbuilding constructed - ' the work shop ' - in the nearest front paddock for his sculpture work ; the stone shed in the back lawn was enclosed and used for hay , feed , and extra storage .
he remembered meeting george moynihan 's grandson a week or so ago when he went to make further arrangements for hay , and to see how ruby was doing with her illness .
there was also a holding pen and small hay shed within the immediate grounds , all of which was surrounded by sprawling , tree - dotted fields that encircled the house and outbuildings up to the lane .
then , with lamentations worthy of a prophet , he crossed into the barn and plopped down on a bundle of hay .
` ` you finally got your roll in the hay . ''
the musicians had been given lodging in the stable loft that was empty of hay because of the season .
the scent of cut hay freshened the night breeze .
i saw hay markets and horse markets .
and there should be some hay there for the .
as teth had predicted , the barn had a small loft with a foot of hay spread across it .
he held her head up off of his chest and gently placed it in the hay at his side so that she was lying on her back with the deep straw surrounding her .
he took a deep breath of sweet , musty hay , reveled in the goodness of that smell , then climbed down the long ladder .
he worked on casting sparks into a bed of hay while teth searched the house for clothes .
moving back quickly and patting the knee , he nearly kicked the burning hay across the barn .
last night , when they had collapsed into the hay , he had held her , his body pressed against her , warm , gentle , reassuring .
hesitantly , i reach back and brush the hay away .
i glance hesitantly at the hay pile .
as he brushed starborn down , reaper and sheba wondered into the barn and lay in the hay watching .
it smelled of manure and hay , and it was cramped , but it was also just warm enough to protect them from the frigid weather outside .
it smelled of hay and sweet grass .
the stable still has hay and oats inside , so feel free to give him some of that .
the floor was covered with hay and old frayed fabric .
they rested that first night in a hay - loft on the edge of the forest and supped on summer apples and honey dumplings .
he travelled now in secret , loading and unloading his wonders by night , carrying them hidden , in hay wagons and meat carts and coffins .
he was a great furtherer of field - work , and much spoken of for this , that he saved his hay quicker than other men , and was so lucky with sheep withal , that his sheep never died of clemming or from storms .
now thorolf and ulfar had a meadow in common upon the neck , and either of them at first mowed much hay , and then they spread it , and raked it up into big cocks .
but one morning early when thorolf arose , he looked out and saw that the weather was thick , and deemed that the dry tide was failing , and called to his thralls to rise and carry the hay together , and work daylong all they might , for it seems to me , quoth he , that the weather is not to be trusted .
but thorolf piled up the hay and egged them on to work at their most might that it might speed at its fastest .
therefore to - day shall ye mow in the home - field , but to - morrow will we save such hay as we have up on the neck .
now the weather went even as he said ; and when the evening was wearing on , ulfar sent a man up to the neck , to look to the hay that stood there in cocks .
but thorolf halt - foot carried hay with three draught - oxen the day through , and by the third hour after noontide they had saved all the hay that was his .
but thorolf halt - foot carried hay with three draught - oxen the day through , and by the third hour after noontide they had saved all the hay that was his .
arnkel said he would bid his father pay boot for the hay , but said that none the less it sorely misgave him that nought would come of it .
so when father and son met , arnkel bade his father pay ulfar boot for the taking of the hay ; but thorolf said the thrall was far too rich already .
arnkel prayed him to do so much for his word as to atone for that hay .
so arnkel paid ulfar what he would for the hay ; and when father and son next met , arnkel claimed the price of the hay from his father , but thorolf gave no better answers , and they parted in great wrath .
so arnkel paid ulfar what he would for the hay ; and when father and son next met , arnkel claimed the price of the hay from his father , but thorolf gave no better answers , and they parted in great wrath .
he led thorbrands sons down to their ship at redwick - head ; and as they parted snorri went to thorleif kimbi and said : here is an axe , thorleif , which i will give thee ; it is the longest handled of all i have , yet will it not reach arnkels head when he stacks his hay at orligstead , if thou heavest it at him all the way from swanfirth .
now in the winter it was arnkels wo nt to carry hay from orligstead in the night in the new moons , because the thralls did other work at home by day .
nor did he heed if thorbrands sons were unware of the carrying of hay .
then they fared up to orligstead , and by then they came there , one of the thralls had gone home with a load of hay , and arnkel and the others were busy on a second .
the other thrall ran home to the stead , and when he came to the haybarn there was his fellow- thrall before him carrying in the hay .
he called to the thrall as he ran to help bear in the hay to him , and belike the thrall was nowise loth of that work , so he went to help him .
then arnkel leapt up on to the hayrick , and defended himself thence for a space , but such was the end of the matter that he fell , and they covered him over there in the garth with hay ; and thereafter snorri and his folk fared home to holyfell .
thorgunna worked at the weaving day by day when no haymaking was , but when it was dry she worked at the saving of hay in the home- mead , and let make for herself a rake , which she alone must handle .
the barn smelled like hay and manure , but i went inside anyway .
looks like he s had a roll in the hay with the tiger lady of arax but hell be fine .
the roof of the hut was made of hay .
cyclopes ambled through our ranks that day with careless ease , as farmers harvest hay .
i ' m gon na start with something which , for me , is scientific curiosity : you satyrs go out chasing nymphs all day for purposes of rolling in the hay .
maybe paula or tria would be up for a little roll in the hay .
what about the hay loft ?
her hair remained back where shed pushed it , positioned in place like hay with styling product added to it .
' i 'll have scrambled egg on toast , bacon fried to within an inch of its life , freshly squeezed juice ... oh , and seventeen tons of hay . '
dr . dosodall was lying on some hay bales next to her , half - asleep as usual .
just what in the hay was he going to be doing while i was busting my bottom ?
timbers that had been transformed into little more than charcoal were hefted aside , still smouldering hay from the thatched roof was carried away , heavier pieces were hauled clear by urgently harnessed horses .
he imagined molasses in a cozy bed of hay , and abruptly climbed off of the bench .
reckons me needs ta hit da hay too , red said as he rang the stew out of his beard .
i searched frantically until i found the darkest corner of the immense stables , and there squeezed in between two fragrant bales of hay .
soon , she saw stacks of hay and heard more rustling .
simon 's rural home was supplied with a few new appliances and ' western ' furniture , as well as basic amenities like having some hay delivered and the garden tilled .
` ` no , nothing so romantic , '' brody answered as he leaned down to taste her exposed neck , ` ` but the shed has hay and blankets . ''
i could tell the bed was made of hay for it scratched and poked my back as i looked around the room .
hoels stallion munched hay in his stall , already unsaddled .
she had always been a city girl , and to be honest , she got hay fever around too much grass .
there was hay in his hair .
we need to converse with the spinners and make sure they 're on our side and wo n't , you know , kill us , and we need to find our family and- '' but i was interrupted by mallory finding a room filled with hay .
we all lay down on the hay we had fluffed into mattresses and went right to sleep .
` ` thank god , '' said phillip , falling back against some hay .
two of the stalls had been cleaned out and fresh hay was spread over the floor and in the bins .
an old kerosene lantern hanging from a post lit up most of the barns inside revealing bales of hay and animal stalls .
the blood trail led to a bale of hay that was turned over exposing an opening in the floor it was a tunnel .
several pickup trucks were parked unattended with bales of hay and oats piled in their flat beds .
they found a stable with some emaciated cobs and made themselves comfortable in some well - nibbled hay .
he walked back to the stable and fell asleep in the hay .
the air was crisp - in other words achingly cold - and it drove indole and bulkington to stamp in the street with the first light of dawn , watching as the horses restlessly tugged at the remnants of hay that constituted their breakfast .
i walked through the hay on the ground out of the stables .
she looked like she was about to hit the hay and call it a night .
something about the payment for their time on the early hay harvest this year the usual complaint , as far as she could determine and the quality of the food they were given .
after midnight , i went to the barn and slept in a fresh bit of hay .
rene sat down on a pile of hay , and we listened to the music and laughter coming from the front of the barn .
i sat back down on the fresh pile of hay and wiped sweat from my brow .
rene smiled and flopped herself back down on the hay .
she threw some hay at me and then ran off to join the merry makers , celebrating the victory over the dead king .
the bed is also not comfortable , but considering my state last night , even a pile of hay would have done .
i stormed the building with a shout , skidding to a stop on scattered hay .
ca nt spare the hay ; there s hardly enough to go around in the stables .
the scent of rural indiana life - pig manure , fresh tar , plowed earth , cut hay warming in faded red barns - entered through her nose and filled all the dark recesses of her mind .
jumping from the loft onto mounds of fresh , itchy hay .
it seemed that the boys hair was of a strange make , for at times it looked like grass , some strands dancing in the breeze like light , fair pasture , and others appearing like coarse hay , dry and brittle in the sunlight .
on many occasions dlin thought that a piece of grass or hay had caught in the boys hair , and thus he tried to remove it before quickly ceasing when the boy yelped as a strand of his hair was plucked from his head .
the trolls head was a rural alehouse , with a stone floor covered in a layer of hay .
stabling is four coppers per horse ; that includes hay and water .
the bandit leader and vashni were sprawled on a rough hay stuffed bed together .
erin took her time walking over to the stables and found the red journal lying on the group under a heap of hay .
dylan and i managed to get most of the mice out and clean up the hay floors , which we eventually found were made of wood .
now how do we make hay ?
there was a pile of straw in the corner with a few blankets and a low table made from boards on two bales of hay .
there are only four elementals , one for each season , and back in their hay day they each sired many children with humans .
i thought they just ate carrots and hay and stuff like that .
leather hide tents dotted the area , and horses were tied to posts driven in the dirt beside loose stacks of hay .
the golden evening had deepened to a purple twilight with a bright moon overhead and a velvet wind , perfumed with clover and hay , dancing among the lilies , when bess looked up from her mending as someone knocked at the door .
tristan climbed into the loft and tried not to bump any of the half dozen other men trying to sleep in the dusty hay .
the roof was made from boards covered with hay or thatch .
our house is falling apart , our hay is rotting in the fields , and you go around with your silly ladder , babbling something about some unseen power source that everybody but you knows does nt exist !
the bootfalls vanished , and the unscented still air suddenly changed to the aroma of hot horse and hay .
the smells of baking bread and hay filled the air and took robyn back to a simpler moment .
as in the hay day late 12th dynasty , that would be exotic imports from new trading partners .
as the dogs leaped onto the dishes with ravenous abandon and she sat heavily on a hay bale .
she came around and sat on the hay bale by eadwyn .
but unlike before the red energy did nt ascend into the air or spread like a wave , it remained jam packed by the force fields and the amount of pressure it was under caused the energy to strike forth like an inferno through a tunnel of hay .
there were many helgurds and perlags here , some in armour , some sleeping on beds of hay .
hagar promptly recovered his formidable demeanor then fixed his fingers into rigid claws to give emphasis to haralds words , when the thunderbird seized me by the shoulders it felt like i was being stabbed by a pair of iron - tined hay forks .
there will be some hay there , carthinal whispered in her ear , tracing its pointed shape with his finger .
carthinal protested as he gently removed the small creature , setting it down into the hay .
he looked over to his left and saw asphodel asleep in the hay , her nakedness covered by the black shawl she had been wearing .
and so there in the dark , with the gypsies hard at work in their preparations for the nights revels , the troubadour slipped to the conjurors side , who as always was seated at the cusp of the shadows upon a bale of hay .
auron and the guards walked between wooden houses and huts with round roofs made of green and yellow hay .
( malleus maleficarum , 1486 ) the rickety hay wagon comes to a full stop , as suddenly as one holding their breath and bellowing their cheeks , however , the friars body still moves forward ... undulating with the yet rolling heaves and jerks of the ocean of dirt he has sailed upon these last several decades .
before i hit the hay we had most of our strategy worked out .
tell me , where does the hay come from ?
when they offload , we buy a portion of their hay .
fire boys masks hay horses gone , he yelled between breaths .
fortunately for him , sam decided the point had been made and went back to its bed of hay in the corner of the room .
sayjin left sam a large plate of roots in the attic and laid down some new hay , he would not be gone for long .
he moved inside and was hit by the strong smell of unclean hay and horse manure left to rot over the months .
damn lugus and his peasant work , sneered tim , shovelling some rotten hay into the barrow .
tim stabbed the shovel into the pile of hay .
for four days now , the men had come to the stables to clear the hay .
when its getting dark , she stands up , lights a fire and sets the scarecrow , that is made of hay and carries a skull on top of it , on the fire .
it took more than an hour for doroga 's wounded band to reach the fortress , and by that time the cooks had the air filled with the smell of roasting meat and fresh bread , setting up trestles laden with food , stacking a small mountain of hay for the gargants , and filling the food and water troughs near the stables .
he is glad the spring is coming quickly , because he is tired of hay .
when others went to bed in hay , fern , or feather , close in the inglenook they laid their heads together , old tom and muddy - feet , swapping all the tidings from barrow - downs to tower hills : of walkings and of ridings ; of wheat - ear and barley - corn , of sowing and of reaping ; queer tales from bree , and talk at smithy , mill , and cheaping ; rumours in whispering trees , south - wind in the larches , tall watchers by the ford , shadows on the marches .
not shadows , but men , who swept into steadbrook with candles , not torches , and set the dry hay ablaze .
it was a fairly large structure , quite open except for three stalls in the back full of moldy hay .
they kicked around the stalls , making dust from the stale hay rise up in thick clouds .
farther up , the track faded out into the tall grasses : no one had mowed the hay here , the hill too steep to bother , though here and there the taller trees had been cut , and level clearings trampled flat by sheep : a couple of them looked up incuriously and trotted off into the bracken .
` ` no hay problema , '' alvarez said .
his father had always believed women were weaker , and maybe when it came to hefting bales of hay for six to eight hours straight in the ninety - degree heat , he might have had a point .
the admiralty would make hay of the cutting - out of the transports , but the foreign office would not care much for that in the face of the devastating news regarding the inca , and to hear that yet another great power had aligned itself , willingly , with bonaparte : to hear that britain stood now alone .
she twined her arms around his neck and buried her face into the space between his throat and his shoulder , holding tight and breathing in the scent of him - leather and fresh - cut hay and woodsmoke .
there are skeletons in the entrance of a hallway formed by hay bales and orange and purple twinkle lights light the way down the path .
the side entrance door finally comes into view and i reach for the door handle , but something hits me from the side and i slam to the ground as a hay bale lands on top of me .
` ` i know you have to practice , '' she said , tearing her eyes off my horse and ducking under the crossties , ` ` but the concert starts in an hour and ... you 're ... '' she trailed off and gave me an unimpressed squint as she looked me up and down , deciding to finish her sentence by plucking a few strands of hay out of my unruly hair .
i lived a bit outside of ellensburg on a small cattle ranch , turned hay farm , turned waste of space , and a symbol of lost money .
the hay made a comfortable place to chill and sip cold beers , and today we had out every magazine i had that featured hybrid in some way , including creem .
his salary as a repairman was barely enough to keep us going in this recession and it was peanuts compared to the farm when the cattle were grazing and the hay was growing .
` ` stop being such a wallflower ; you 're blending in with the hay . ''
the music went louder , ccr 's ` ` bad moon rising '' filling up the space from hay to rafters along with resumed chatter and the crisp clack of beer cans opening .
` ` i ' m just ... '' i looked around the barn at the couples making out on the hay bales , the doofuses doing keg stands in moonglow 's stall .
she asked , grabbing up a few strands of hay to wipe off the foam , while her eyes darted around the barn , looking for any eligible bachelors .
not that i needed a boyfriend for a roll in the hay .
it was already stinking hot here during the day thanks to ellensburg 's dry , desert - like climate , but the evenings were still cool and fresh , smelling like new hay and night - blooming flowers .
she was spending the night , as were most of the guests who were too drunk to drive , but she got my bed while everyone else was free to find available hay in the barn .
i looked to the front seat , at eric tuning the radio , at my father chewing on a piece of hay as he often did , and the sun was bright , and the future was off in the distance , and i figured i could n't have seen a woman jump off my roof because that just did n't make sense .
once back at the hotel in the safety of the morning , we had another romp in the hay .
and some kid probably with bad breath and hay in his hair and a forehead you could lay a table on . '
' -and then it started me'king a noise- ' ' hit made hay hnoise , ' said mrs whitlow .
she tried to straighten a few wrinkles in her dress , tugged some recalcitrant bits of hay from her hair , and then marched up the driveway and knocked on the door .
he was the son of a rich dealer in hay and feedstuffs , but he despised his father for being dead from the neck up , totally concerned with material things , unimaginative and also for paying him a ridiculous three dollars a week allowance .
' i reckon i nearly had it that time , ' said crash , as hay dust poured down from the roof and woodworm hurried off to find a better home .
albert brushed hay and flour off his coat and walked over to the window .
the three circled the haystack , prodding at bulges which turned out to be damp hay .
the other three were tethered in front of a hay rack on the opposite wall , as if visitors had just dropped by .
he fell out of the hay and landed on the luggage .
it was only a disappointment when the steps came to an end and there was still no hay .
a bag of hay , ' said rincewind .
' what 's so special about hay ? '
it was full of hay .
there 's people 'd slit yew from here to breakfast for a bale of hay .
man without hay is a man without a horse , and out here a man without a horse is a corpse . '
i went through all that for a load of hay ? '
' sounds like the lads are still at work , ' said maurice , carrying the dead mouse behind a pile of hay .
keith crawled out of the hay and looked down .
then his head turned to the hay and straw piled up in the loft , and in the cribs and mangers below .
he nodded towards the piles of hay in the loft .
' you know what to do , ' he said , nodding to the nearest rack of hay .
' he struck it on an old bit of iron , ' said nourishing , ' and then he walked out along the beam with it flaring , and down below i could see all the crowd , the hay racks and the straw all over the place , and the people milling around , just like , hah , just like rats ... and i thought , if you drop that , mister , the place will fill with smoke in a few seconds and they ' ve locked the doors and by the time they realize it they 'll be caught like , hah , yeah , like rats in a barrel and we 'll be away along the gutters .
inside the treacle - roofed stable level , chewing a bit of bad hay , was the horse .
and then think of the horses dragging this stuff , and the windmills ... and the wool coming in , too , every day , the cloth , the tobacco , the spices , the ore , the timber , the cheese , the coal , the fat , the tallow , the hay every damn day .. .
they watched her without fear , each sitting in its pen like a furry blob , three mouths working rhythmically on the day 's hay .
a pile of hay it would have to be .
her body , at least , was rested after its slumber in the hay , and granny had hoped to spend a few hours in the rocking chair , putting her thoughts in order .
esk gravely gave the head goat a wisp of hay .
farmwork was hard , and there was no call for a wife who could n't carry a couple of piglets or a bale of hay .
besides , the blood was pumping through henry now , and there were a couple of mares in the team of horses pulling the coach who he felt he 'd really like to get to know - find out when was their day off , what kind of hay they liked , that kind of thing .
there was , however , a bundle of hay in a net by the door .
i expect he 'd like some hay , if you ' ve got any . '
half a dozen guards were gingerly trying to restrain the creature , in whose slow brain the realisation had dawned that it should be in its familiar stable , with plenty of hay and water and time to dream of the hot days on the great khaki plains of klatch .
there was a gentle breeze blowing from the mountains ; it was scented with thyme and hay .
you bastard padded sedately to his stall and pulled delicately at a wisp of hay .
you bastard was regarding his empty hay rack .
it represented a sub - array in the general cluster ' hay ' , containing arbitrary values between zero and k. it did n't have any hay in it .
it represented a sub - array in the general cluster ' hay ' , containing arbitrary values between zero and k. it did n't have any hay in it .
it might in fact have a negative value of hay in it , but to the hungry stomach the difference between no hay and minus - hay was not of particular interest .
it might in fact have a negative value of hay in it , but to the hungry stomach the difference between no hay and minus - hay was not of particular interest .
unless you 'd prefer to have your children out here among the horses and hay like a homeless peasant ? ''
` ` and who knows what 's in that hay . ''
i sprung through the yard , hurdling over the fence and joseph 's green tractor still fresh with the smell of cut hay .
` ` well , baling hay for a couple months in the summer does n't exactly pay five bills a shift . ''
i took a purposeful look around the hay bales , feed bags , and dirt floor .
pummeling paul or '' his eyebrows peaked '' an old - fashioned rol in the hay ought to fit the bil , too .
a teleported voice that was going to be rounding the corner quicker than i could duck behind the mountain of hay bales off to the side announced .
and if i thought i d loved him before , it was redefined when i saw him shirtless and drenched in sweat stacking bales of hay .
air smelled vaguely of hay , but that was n't going to last .
with the tines locking in place , it was a case of up - and - over as he slung the bastard into left field like it was a bale of hay .
adrian was astonishing , wielding the hay fork with piercing success even as the tide of the enemy pressed forward and threatened to close ranks to surround him .
the archives in the gadara system went back so far it would be like looking for a needle in a field of hay .
playing in the hay and harassing goats became tiresome by the time i was nine , so we started going on after school jaunts into the woods .
dex and i drank mugs of steaming hot coffee on the balcony before crawling back into bed for another roll in the hay .
huge stacks of freight threw black shadows in the moonlight , and they passed roustabouts lounging against crates and bales of hay , passing a bottle from hand to hand or smoking their cob pipes .
her brown hair looked dry , brittle as hay , and she had dust on her skirts , though her feet were clean enough .
his strength was something different - warm and reassuring and alive , and he smelled of leather and hay .
there will be hay there .
would you like to see the hay in my hair ? ''
he slipped his foot out of the loop at the bottom of the grey rope , and as quickly as he could , he slipped down the rope , gripping with his hands , and letting his legs swing below him he reached the loop and with a gulp grasped onto it , letting his legs swing out far beneath him the rope parted with a snap tavi plummeted between doroga lowering the rope from above and the few feet he had gained by letting himself farther down the rope , the fall might have been little more than ten feet not much higher than the roof of the stables , and he had jumped from there several times - always into mounds of hay , true , but he had made the jump without fear he tried to remember to keep his legs loose , to fall , roll if he possibly could the fall seemed to take forever , and when tavi landed it was a shock to his ankles , knees , thighs , hips , back , all in rapid succession as he tumbled to the earth he landed on one side , arms flailing wildly out and slapping down with him , and his breath exploded out from him in a rush he lay for a moment without moving , dimly aware that he was on the ground , still clutching the loop in the end of the rope in his fist he regained his breath in a few moments , becoming aware of a couple of incongruous facts as he did first , there was no snow , down here in the chasm of course , he had seen no snow from above , but the significance of it had n't quite registered on him until he reached the ground it was warm humid nearly stifling he sat up , slowly , pushing himself up with his hands the ground beneath him , or rather , the greenly luminous wax beneath his fingers felt pleasantly warm , and he let them rest against it for a moment , letting his chilled fingers recover from the cold wind that had frozen them on the way down from the top of the cliff his ankles stung as though being prickled by thousands of tiny needles , but the sensation faded after a moment , leaving them feeling merely uncomfortable and sore tavi gathered himself to his feet , the pack shifting about uncomfortably on his back , and squinted at his surroundings .
amara got one frantic look at garrison beneath her and guided her fall into a stack of hay bales beside the stables .
she caught the thrust on her own sword , barely , parrying the blade into the bale of hay beside her , while her other hand dragged the short knife she 'd stolen from fidelias from her belt and drove it back into the windcrafter 's boot .
` ` where did you get hay in your boots , legionare ? ''
if you put hay all over the courtyard , it 'll make the prettiest fire you ever saw , and among our own , to boot .
all around her in the courtyard , hummocks and lumps of scattered hay shook and shimmered , and a full fifty holder bowmen , covered with hand - fuls of hay and by the woodcrafting bernard had worked over them , became vaguely visible .
all around her in the courtyard , hummocks and lumps of scattered hay shook and shimmered , and a full fifty holder bowmen , covered with hand - fuls of hay and by the woodcrafting bernard had worked over them , became vaguely visible .
the black blade swept out and something shattered with a brittle sound amara , who had begun to turn , felt splinters of wood flickering against her cheek , and the broken fletchmg of an arrow rebounded from her mail she lifted her eyes to the barracks and saw fidelias there , calmly drawing another arrow to his stout , short bow and taking aim , even as behind him , several men began to clamber down from the roof the former cursor 's thin hair blew in the cold wind , and though he stood in the shadow of the newly risen walls , amara could see his eyes on hers , calm and cool , even as he drew back the second shaft , aimed , and loosed pirellus stepped in the way of the shot , cutting it from the air with a contemptuous slap of his blade , and called to the men behind him fidelias 's soldiers were joined by the knights aeris who circled back above the fortress and then dove toward the gates pirellus dragged amara back to the stables and growled , ` ` stay down ` ` even as he did , amara could see the legionares form into a ragged rank that met the oncoming troops and the knights above with an uncertain tenacity fidelias , on the barracks roof , climbed down to the ground , his eyes flickering over the hay scattered there he knelt into it there came a blurring in the air , and then he simply vanished , covered by a woodcraftmg of his own ` ` there ! ''
instead , there was a sudden rush of wind that threw up hay ( what was hay doing all over the courtyard ? )
instead , there was a sudden rush of wind that threw up hay ( what was hay doing all over the courtyard ? )
the hordemaster jerked and twisted wildly , and the dagger flew from his hand , skittering over the stones of the courtyard and landing in a clump of hay not far from tavi .
he told them to stop and they just went on , left foot , right foot , hay foot , straw foot , over the linoleum ; his brain was a terrified prisoner inside his body -- a hostage in a tower .
there were thanksgiving decorations out at some of the homes , and diane had put a couple of hay bales in the front yard , topping them with pumpkins and squash and cornstalks and other fall paraphernalia .
just mix a tablespoon of honey with half a shot of whiskey and hook it down fifteen or twenty minutes before you hit the hay . ''
yet he 'd sat there in mute wonder for at least five minutes just the same , a wide - eyed teenage boy with hay in his hair and his arms dusted with chaff ; he sat there looking up at the tidal gold of dust - motes spinning lazily in the slanting , cross hatching rays of the sun .
she was in a dark place filled with the sweet smells of hay and cows , a dark place that was split by a hundred brilliant seams of light .
their land was originally unprotected from the east ; but on that side they had built a hedge : the high hay .
you could have stayed here and et the best hay till the new grass comes . '
you used to be on the hay gate . '
' it becomes some apples , part of a cart , a pair of shoelaces , some hay , an hour 's occupancy of a theatre seat .
vehicles that ran on oil and grease , not hay and horseshoes ?
i ' m still getting the hay in off the high meadows and there 'll be a lot of work come harvest .
bill door eased himself further into the hay .
bill door sat back among the hay and thought about the day .
he 'd cut hay and fed animals and mended a window .
he took out the golden timer and put it right at the other end of the loft , under a pile of hay .
there was a rustle in the hay , and then an alert silence .
bill door lay back on the hay until he felt he could trust his legs to carry him , and then climbed down and tottered across the yard to the farmhouse .
he put the figure back on the beam , and lay down in the hay .
it 's eating hay ! ''
at sixty miles an hour the smells came in capsules , so concentrated it was as if they were being fired out of ramjets : cows , manure , hay , earth , cut grass , fresh tar as they blipped by a driveway repaying project , oily blue exhaust as they came up behind a laboring farm truck .
hair the color of new - mown hay , hair the color of oak leaves , hair the color of dragonfly wings in the sun , hair the color of purple easter grass , skin that glistened in the light like white metal , skin that shimmered as if sprinkled with gold dust , skin that held the richness of fur on its surface like some elaborate tattoo , skin as red as flame , as pink as bubble gum .
the child of some attack , or even a willing roll in the hay ?
` ` but a rousing romp in the hay to mutual satisfaction will revive her for hours , perhaps days , depending on the pleasurable energy exchanged . ''
the outrageous little men began making hay of the room .
the high hay , the great hedge that protected buckland from the old forest in the lord of the rings ) .
the scents of hay , horses , manure , leather , oil , grain caught at her heart .
` ` my lord , he was asleep before his head touched the hay he had gathered for his pillow . ''
frisky sniffed the hay , then sniffed the blanket the girl held for her .
she scented arlen upon it , but disregarded the scent ; it was weaker , and not at all the scent she had found on the hay .
she was waiting for him inside the stables , standing by the yellow bales of hay in a gown as green as summer .
oh , yes ... the hay lift .
catching tadpoles in the brook , hiding from batta in the hay , waiting at the door of the hall when our father gave a feast and wheedling titbits out of the slaves as they went in and out .
the grasses were hay - yellow , as if dead , but all of them ; there was not a single green blade anywhere .
inside the barn , light sprinkled down through cracks in the wall , falling on dust and hay .
sleete repositioned , taking smooth steps , his blade to the side as he set his back to the massive piles of hay at the rear of the stuffy barn .
the grasses smelled too dry , like cut hay left in a barn over the winter .
she passed stableboys , each probably dreaming of one day wearing that same uniform , but for now only leading horses back to the stables for hay and currying .
` ` you look like you slept under a hay pile . ''
these woods , dry as they were , could go up easier than a barn full of last harvests hay .
it was crowded after the boat , a little upstairs room full of hay , but we were so happy to be there that it did n't matter at all to us .
add to that children screaming and crying and laughing , babies crawling on the stones , and the open stable where the men tended to the donkeys who carried our loads to sepphoris , and the older boys going in and going out with loads of hay , and a pair of us rubbing the gold into a new banquet couch , one of eight for the same man , and the cooking over the fire in the brazier , and then the mats spread out on the stones for us to eat , and all of us gathered in prayer , trying to make the little ones be quiet for just a little while as we thanked the lord for all our blessings ; add all this , and you have a picture of our lives that first year in nazareth which engraved itself upon my mind and which stayed with me over all the many years i was to live there .
the hay for the donkeys ? ''
we were in the inn in bethlehem , in the stable , with the beasts in the hay , all of us , it was the only place they had , and there were lots of people crowded in there that night .
and they wrapped you up the way they wrap babies so they ca n't wriggle or move and hurt themselves , in swaddling clothes , and you were put in the manger , right on the soft hay there for a bed .
` ` now you know shepherds never leave their flocks , not in the middle of the night , not in the snow , but there they were , and the looks on their faces were enough to make anyone get up from their beds in the hay and stare at them , and everyone did .
the place was wet , but we soon had the horses unharnessed , and a fresh layer of hay on the ground .
then the light settled on the christ child , a smiling and beaming figure with flowing hair and bright joyful eyes , lying on the bed of marble hay with his arms outstretched .
the statues themselves had been hastily arranged under it , and though there was no hay or greenery yet , the beauty of the statues was impressive .
enough for him , whom cherubim worship night and day , a breastful of milk and a mangerful of hay ; enough for him , whom angels fall down before , the ox and ass and camel which adore .
jim stood still merely looking down at the white - marble christ child in the manger of real hay with a curious wondering expression on his face , one eyebrow raised , and an overall sadness pervading him - so like what reuben felt .
i took an experimental sniff and sneezed from the hay they 'd brought in for the halloween festival .
he narrowed his eyes at a row of round hay bales .
now , get your ass on that hay ! ''
` ` it 's stucky , '' tobin said , trying to wipe the hay off his hands .
` ` it 's just for a bit , '' tavia said , pulling him onto her lap and brushing the hay from his clothes .
within minutes , lizzies house was in flames and the men rode out to the barn and set fire to the hay .
zack was hiding in the loft of the livery stable under some hay .
walter died a few years later after breaking his neck falling off of a hay wagon .
he would much rather be here , in the stables , with the horses and the hay and the tack and the manure .
thomas pushed past the horses rump , shuffling slowly through the matted down hay , hating every second of the moment .
the familiar smells he loved so well wafted over him and he breathed in deeply of the pungent scents of horses , hay and manure .
then he went back in to rake out the soiled hay and replace it with fresh .
he also checked their feed bins and hay racks and noted that the horses had been eating regularly .
she could feel his heat , smell his sweat and all the other organic odors that had clung to his clothing : horses , hay and dust , and she reveled in it .
the horses had been picking at a pile of hay but quickly trotted over to see jamie .
i ve got to build a house and expand the stables and clear land for hay and grass robert started to laugh .
both these men were in the kings service as well as service to me , they would bring that authority to our venture , but we should nt see them till we came to wales , to the house of sir rees ap thomas , my receiver for brecon and hay .
i loved the town of hay and spent many hours there , down at the banks of the river wye .
i sat down on a bale of hay , shaking .
rescue crews were working feverishly ahead of him when he arrived , tossing bodies like bales of hay to the streets sides so large bulldozers could begin the greater task of clearing away debris and rubble from the crumbling building .
said old fishface as he tossed another boy , this one at least ten years younger than the oldest , by the scruff of his neck , into the heating stewpot of rotting hay , sweaty animals , and ripe manure that comprised the dcor of the academys stable .
moments later they were in the mews , surrounded by cold stone walls and the scent of hay and horses .
a finger of early light was just creeping toward him through the open doorway , stretching across the dirty hay scattered across the floor , the patches of bare stone , and bits of litter until it finally glowed against a crumpled white wad that lay several inches from gareth 's face .
had not told her what he and the others who worked for snelling would be doing for most of the morning in this barn floored with hay , its leather bags stuffed with sawdust swinging from ropes hung from the rafters .
nails , who also worked for snelling , was sitting nearby on a bale of hay , thoughtfully watching gareth .
grinning , nails stripped off his shirt , put up his fists , and waded through the hay to meet gareth .
fea beamed with happiness , until she noticed hesus slumped dejectedly on a hay bale .
in the lantern light he found his little sister propped against a bale of hay , her eyes swollen and red from crying .
with a sure step she picked her way through the barns shadowy interior , around bales of hay and sacks of grain .
the hay wagons were lying idle in the yards and the huge shire horses stood dispiritedly in their fields .
he disguised himself as an old woman , bringing a load of hay into market .
a cartload of hay stood in one corner of the yard , while from a hen house against the opposite wall came the sleeping rustlings and cooings of the birds inside .
he had been leaning lazily back against a bale of hay , chewing pensively on a single straw , but now he shifted the straw to the side of his mouth .
the boy shrugged his shoulders again , retreated once more to his bale of hay , and selected a fresh straw to chew .
in my day women just did nt have a roll in the hay with you because they wanted to themselves , at least not the sort of women a prosperous young plantation raised lawyer came in contact with .
everyone else was forced into the hay warehouses and burnt alive .
kozinitz , who s no communist but might be dead before convincing them of that , burrows beneath the hay .
others were forced into two hay warehouses on which gasoline was poured from jerrycans and then set alight .
having been used so long to store hay the buildings were infinitely flammable .
the rest of the summer of 1942 , she spent in the attic , amidst the hay .
they did indeed look like people who had hidden 18 months in a hole under the cloven hooves of a cow and in an attic filled with hay .
the hardest work was pressing hay into bales .
he sent friedman with a few men to a field to get bales of hay and fifteen minutes later they had set the polices residence on fire .
the germans climbed to the top of the church steeple and were firing down on friedman , so sigalchiks unit directed its own fire to pin down the men in the tower while kuzinitz ; the 20 - year - old yitzhak radoshkivitz , still another partisan from dolhinov ; and two other men placed hay around the church and set the bales ablaze .
he was amused to reflect that the chest containing king james 's gifts for the moghul of india traveled lashed to the bed of a ramshackle , wooden - wheeled cart originally intended for hay .
the drivers moved quickly to harness their bullocks , which had been tethered to stakes near bundles of hay .
except for a little moldering hay put by in one corner , the rest of the loft was swept bare of anything but a layer of mouse and owl droppings .
there was a twitch in the hay , but nothing more .
simon directed his attention to the area of the twitch and swore softly at the sight of a bare foot protruding from the hay .
there was no movement from the hay .
with a scornful look at him , she marched up to the pile of hay , which was trembling now , and knelt beside it .
when there was no further movement from within the pile of hay , she coaxed , ` ` you must be hungry .
her voice was soft and persuasive , but the child remained hidden in the hay .
together they entered the thick atmosphere of the stables , which stung their noses with the stench of hay and manure .
feeling jumpy and nervous for the first time , andr left his bunk and went to the barn where he slept the night on the saddlebags , in the hay .
archie said cheerfully as they settled into the hay to sleep that night .
allan turned over in the hay , preparing to sleep .
betty sank onto a bale of hay .
he leaned against a bale of hay .
at the farmers next door they were harvesting the grass fields for hay and the air was alive with that good newly cut grass smell ; as if made from that fragrance , and colin enjoyed it .
there used to be one just round the corner as it were , the kings theatre in the haymarket , where carts carrying hay and straw for sale to owners of horses were standing .
da last time peppa run way , one a mr . laurents men found him chasin a rabbit in a hay pasture .
he s got a couple mo barns behin the hay pastures .
that s how i git to the hay pastures .
ai nt nuttin there cept grass bout ready to be cut fo hay , louie said .
da bastard went crazy befo he turned on dat hay pasture road .
the hay had been gathered in the surrounding fields for the last time and a few cattle were gathered at the rivers edge slaking their thirst .
as he took the pony from the shafts and led her towards a pile of hay he heard his son call out angrily in welsh .
inside the cow house smelt of sweet hay mixed with the sharper tang of soiled straw .
she returned to the stable , lay down on a pile of hay , piled some more of it on top of her and in spite of her fears that she might be sharing that hay with fleas or rats , she soon fell asleep .
she returned to the stable , lay down on a pile of hay , piled some more of it on top of her and in spite of her fears that she might be sharing that hay with fleas or rats , she soon fell asleep .
as they passed the main house , they got on their bikes and pedaled to the studio along the edge of a small steep hay field rich in clover and wildflowers , surrounded by trees .
he darted through the door moving immediately into deep shadows before edging across the floor , coming to rest half hidden by a post with a large pile of hay behind when he heard a door slam .
they are tending to him , and in a flash they are chars tender eyes , but like a wisp of hay lost in fire flare char is gone and aaren is there .
the following may jason returned with a bride of three months , a bull , six cows , a mowing machine , hay rake , household goods and baby clothes .
a forkful of hay and a few tender words to a roan mare , pump a bucket of water : ordinary tasks country women everywhere were doing .
boys tried telling they d rather slog out cow ponds and bale hay in the rain then take a peaceful ride to the mountains to help a friend , adam , but somehow a bunch tagged along this morning .
the next morning , however , when we traveled to the dock on the back of a farmers hay cart , we found the dock surrounded by soldiers , looking into the crowd nervously .
he walked the buggy into the barn , unhitched the gelding and led it into a stall , made sure it had water and hay , and locked the stable - door , then limped outside as the girl approached , the cauldron in both hands .
jack had built a shed for the cows and fed them hay during winter .
its the same as pulling vegetables from a garden or cutting and bailing hay to feed a fellas cattle with .
he removed the panniers from their backs and provided them with hay .
already some hay and winter fodder had been hidden away , but there was no possibility of preserving all the stock this way .
the garrons were hungry , but the hay was running short at doune and no more could be found .
a man runs across filzengraben from hay market .
i know shell not let me go to hay market , even with the excuse of purchasing food or leather for father .
i am at hay market looking for father .
i had assumed the gilded gopher would be closer to hay market or on harlots alley , but we near pantaleons parish .
a child lies on a pile of hay by the fire in the corner of the room .
the idea of crying in the midst of hay markets crowds terrifies me , and i tug on the brim of my hood to hide my face even more .
i unwind the purse from his belt loop , return the silver coins , and head back to hay market .
~ we hear the hay market still buzzing loudly with activity though we are a block away .
there is a sick man being tormented in a cage at hay market .
we must also carry as many bales of hay as possible to the ark , for we wo nt be feeding only ourselves : god has commanded me to bring two of every animal , one male and one female , into the ark with us , so that they might survive the storm .
* * * though we work as slowly as we can without rousing grandfather noahs suspicions , over the next days we cart dozens of sacks of grain , barrels of dried fruit and salted meat , and bales of hay to the ark .
shai follows me to the elephants , and i find that someoneprobably japheth , as he s skilled and quick with woodhas built a two - sided fence , enclosing them against the ark walls , and filled the space with hay .
still , i feel a bit safer now that my menacing intruder revealed herself as a placid camel , and after i ve tied her back to her post , i decide to bring some extra hay back to the elephants .
the elephants have already eaten all the hay that once lined the floor within their fence , and when i dump this new bale down and begin pulling it apart to make bedding , enise and bilal immediately grab trunkfuls and stuff them into their wide mouths .
bilal butts my side with his trunk , offering me some hay .
you re sweet , i tell him , but i do nt think my stomach can handle i break off as i realize he s holding not hay , but the block of wood i found the other day .
he had never gotten any direct answers from his grandmother concerning the find , but figured that if she had buried them at some point in her life , they must have been intended to stay there , forgotten like the old plow shear that was wedged beneath the mildewed hay in the barn loft .
annabelle covered her mouth and coughed , and emmett stood proudly in the loft with his hair and wool jacket covered in hay .
there was hay stacked up where the red mare could nt get to it , and a wooden crate with an open panel beneath .
ella paled and became weak with fear , crouching in the hay .
he could already handle a plow almost as well as his pa , and he did nt have to have help carrying bales of hay anymore .
grass was cut for hay to feed the horses .
one afternoon , caleb was bringing down hay from the loft in the barn to feed the cows , and he heard his father riding the horse back home from the days expedition to the blockhouse in the village .
as caleb came out of the stall where the cows now greedily pulled at the hay he d brought down , though , he noticed that his fathers face seemed drawn and haggard .
we ve hay to move after we eat , and that can not be done after the sun goes down .
i gave him his grain already before we left , so his only need will be some water and perhaps a bit of hay to be nibbling at .
he quickly rubbed the horse down , drying the sweat that had formed under the saddle , and set out the water and hay , as requested .
elijah moved with purpose through the morning routine , opening the split - rail fence to let the cows move from one pasture to a fresh one , throwing a measure of hay down for the animals and picking over the kitchen garden for any remaining harvest .
seating was provided by chairs and bales of hay strategically placed to encourage conversation .
seeing the pile of hay , he grabbed a pitchfork and probed .
he swept the hay to each side and found the wooden barrel .
he pushed the barrel deeper into the pile , then pulled the scattered hay back around to cover it .
they surveyed the inside and one redcoat grabbed a pitchfork and stabbed the hay .
between them this morning they d already lowered tens of dozens of workers as well as hay for the horses which were stabled three hundred yards below ground .
we have cows and pigs and we raise hay and some corn .
there s some hay up in the loft and you ll be dry .
she sank down on the hay , glad for a place to rest .
rather than ride back in the rain , they bunked that night on the clean hay in the livery stable and rode back to the ranch at dawn .
` ` wal , i 'd say you look somethin ' like a saturday night drunk that took a dive out of the hay loft into the barnyard , '' ridge said .
ben drew his pistol and crouched low behind a pile of hay .
he marched the old man back into one of the stalls and sat him down on the hay with his back to a post .
as he fumbled around in the hay trying to locate it , ben connected again with the milking stool , but again it did not have the desired effect .
as he walked to the pile of hay he said , ` ` there 's about six horses tied up outside .
he popped the old man lightly across the chin and then caught him and laid him gently back across the hay .
will did not know how long he stayed there in the stable , sitting on a bale of hay , going over in his mind what castile said .
one ca nt be sure ... these days ... all you young , unedu - ma - cated folk coming out of school with hay for brains .
he smelled of hay and horses and a little sweat .
but the steer are filling out nicely and our hay crop is doing well since we ve had enough rain .
once they d settled on a couple of hay bales , geoff said , women in our society are expected to perform certain duties .
he s curing hay , marcus said .
dean , sit down here and listen to me , he said as he indicated a couple of hay bales .
the warm september night held a soft breeze and dean could smell the scent of hay and cattle as he walked to the main barn .
when they reached the loft , he grabbed tessa and pulled her down onto the loose hay with him .
gomez was back at the corrals when ridge arrived , shoveling hay over into the pens for the thirty or so horses inside .
she tied the horse up in an empty place , dropped grain and hay into his feed trough , and patted him on the flank .
to try and find the needle in a hay stack .
uncle jed knows the first place they will search is the barn ; he tells jefferson to get under the pile of hay and remain still and stay put regardless of what happens .
after the shooting , sam stayed in the closet , and i hid underneath the hay in the barn until they left .
luke suggests they wait out the winter , when the spring thaw arrives they will prepare enough land to plant vegetables , corn and enough hay for horse feed .
sam stops pitching hay into the horse stall .
sam leans the pitchfork against the stall , sits down on a bale of hay and begins to talk .
first clean out her stable of all wet hay and manure and replace it with some dry hay , and keep it dry .
first clean out her stable of all wet hay and manure and replace it with some dry hay , and keep it dry .
to keep blaze close to the front wagon little lizzie is in the back of the front wagon feeding blaze hay with one hand , and with the other she holds the wooden box containing the family bible .
and throw all their saddle gear in the back of the wagon , cover them with hay so no one can see what we have hidden .
luke stands at the door , arms crossed , a hay straw sticking out the corner of his mouth , smiling as he surveys the activity going on , yes sir , its all going to work , he thinks .
he saw a man dash from behind a stack of hay bales and start off in the direction of the ditch .
leaping over the desk and out into the street , he began running a frantic zigzag course toward a stack of hay bales near the pens that had sheltered one of the texans only moments before .
a couple of bullets slapped the dirt near him , fired from somewhere ahead and to the left , but he did n't waste any random shots until he had reached the safety of the hay bales .
as ridge paused a moment behind the hay to regain his breath , two problems still gnawed at him .
some hay over there , one of them pointed to the side of the small station .
after that , i led him to that bail of crushed hay and he ate from it .
he penned him and threw him some hay .
they must be taking in the second cut of hay , but it was too hard to concentrate on things so far away from where he was now .
the driver honked as he pulled around a horse drawn cart loaded high with hay .
days later , father and son were hooking up the hay wagon to the tractor .
his father was driving bales of hay on the tractor for the cattle in the feed lot .
she had dried the clothes on fresh mowed hay , picking up that sunshine smell .
fishing in the river as a boy , leading horses to pasture , studying in class , waiting for the clock to reach the end of the hour , bailing hay in the barn , his first kiss , his first dance , fixing the transmission of the tractor , marching in boot camp in melville , sitting in the turret of the .50s aboard pt-927 , then lila and the circle was complete .
i remembered once hearing that leonardos parents had died in a freak hay riding accident .
let us go now and pick out a likely half - dozen , '' indicated selena , whose nose was becoming greatly affected by the hay .
there would be stalls for the horses and cows and a small room to one side for the hay and feed he had yet to stockpile before the cold weather arrived .
the crop had been his first priority when he bought the farm , and much of his first two months had been spent planting and tending the fields of corn , beans , wheat , and hay .
* * * jason was working late in the barn , shoring up a sag in the loft floor so it would be ready to bear the weight of hundreds of pounds of hay and feed when the fall harvesting began .
time to make hay while the sun shines .
after the horses were unhitched , they trotted to their stalls where rod was filling the troughs with alfalfa hay .
when it was all over they both laid back in the hay and laughed as he told her how when he was eleven and she was nineteen he used to lie on the rug at the combined family picnic and try and look up her bloomers and see what the mystery was all about .
that night , the new shakespeare , dry , warm , fed , and sober , snuggled down in his bed of hay and two well - worn blankets underneath the wagon he had seen with the banging pots and pans on it - the one he now knew to be the maintenance cart - and stared at the glowing embers of the fire in the middle of the clearing .
the times they rolled in the hay when he was but a boy .
many times they would lie on the hay upstairs in the barn over the cows and just talk about lots of things .
and if the boy had thought his days of servitude were over once he no longer had to fetch and carry for the kitchens , he 'd been wrong ; he had to lay sand down on the training ground after rain , so it did n't get muddy ; he had to fetch the hay for his stabled pair , the feed for them , to bandage their knees with liniment sodden rags , to see to their feet and their grooming .
two mounds of gray ashes , scattered by wind and rain , showed where the hay had been stacked .
you ll have to drive em off with a hay fork .
he asked a tow headed youth lounging on a bale of hay beside the door , just out of the suns reach .
his father had found him the first night , twenty miles from home and sleeping in a hay barn .
knowing how people like the johnsons worked , he did n't try and rush them but let the conversation meander around the weather , price of hides , the recent hay crop , and the unfair railroad rates before he got to the point .
at about ten oclock in the morning isaac morley was mowing hay with hiram mount , when he saw four men approaching on horseback .
wi a bit o hay .
we were in the barn when i was asking him about it , and he pointed to the far corner and said he had hidden it under a heap of hay .
do you mean to tell me you just put his money in your cart ? under a bit of hay , i suppose , just convenient for them to drive off with it .
i gave him some water and , when i had washed my face , went to a neighbour down the lane to beg some hay and oats .
and i can pitch hay or milk the cows or muck out the barn .
she stood over lara , who lounged in a pile of hay with an aristocratic young man .
paler than anyone luke had seen yet in levir lake , the man 's skin was smooth as polished marble , but the hay needles that pricked his exposed forearm fell into him as if he were supple as a pillow .
lara lazed in the hay with her new acquaintance , relishing his interest .
we crammed those shirts and pants full of hay from bales they d bought at the feed store .
catch hell - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i ' m 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i ' ve 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you ' ve 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might ' ve 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric - a - brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc - devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half - star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well - oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white - gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression - era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip - ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap - less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary - the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan - a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire - house 1 ting 's 1 reaping - time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age - blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c - note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security - he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self - styled 1 likelihood 1 property - tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell - o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day - glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare - breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well - beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self - loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw - the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper - thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell - mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under - standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears - this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism - all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha - ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders - a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old - fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places - some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money - let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn - style 1 motives 1 would ' ve 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but - the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community - no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked - and 1 semi - articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep - drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen - larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos - usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life - aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good - sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to - day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him - his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's - head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come - hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis - ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand - katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off - campus - friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter - mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so - called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold - black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards - the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must ' ve 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close - ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden - paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly - there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot - the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock - roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations - wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter - spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post - college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act - the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner - she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes - is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half - timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo - was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half - assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late - night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double - paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock - ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank - eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi - lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become - a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
the trailer had a quarter inch of dirt , hay dust , and manure dried brick - hard on the frame .
for instance , hay - ricks in the trees , and here and there very beautiful masses of weeping birch , their white stems shining like silver through the delicate green of the leaves .
so art went on , ' she had been there , and though it could only have been for a few seconds , she made rare hay of the place .
dried hay crunched under his feet .
in the middle of the drenched , rock - covered patio were two old hay carriages .
ignoring the agonizing pain in his body , he held her up underneath his palms , feeling like a professional wrestler , and chucked her straight across the room like trying to throw a bail of hay in the back of a pickup truck .
he assisted the farmers occasionally in the lighter labors of their farms , helped to make hay , mended the fences , took the horses to water , drove the cows from pasture , and cut wood for the winter fire .
the wind , which had hitherto carried us along with amazing rapidity , sank at sunset to a light breeze ; the soft air just ruffled the water and caused a pleasant motion among the trees as we approached the shore , from which it wafted the most delightful scent of flowers and hay .
just hay and water , as my aunt used to say .
` ` if you think leaving them behind would feel right awful , imagine how it 'll feel to leave them to be shot and buried under the hay shed . ''
i know that many will say this to be useless work ; and these hay those de'qualis deometro said it did n't make account more than the wind which in the lor mouth caused the words , that of the wind ch'usciva from the part of under , men , which only have desire of corporal wealth and dear , and entirely private of that of the wisdom , food and really sure wealth de the soul ; because worthier quant ' the soul that ' l body , so much worthier fien the wealths of the soul that of the body .
a tilted , wooden cart , piled with hay , blocked johns view of the adjacent barn .
dropping the spade next to the hay cart , he tied back his long , black hair .
well , that depends on who s shooting of course , but i ve been known to keep my shaft in a hay bale at sixty paces .
do the horses get oats , or hay ?
horses ate hay .
unicorns also ate hay , but only when there was nothing better in the offing .
i d only seen the mob in westlake square , but from the monitors i could see he was dealing with similar gatherings in pioneer , hing hay and steinbrueck .
charlie came upon jay at the stable where he currently works , asleep atop a bale of hay .
david took a deep breath , inhaling all the smells of the horses and hay and leather .
* * * * * * chapter two poughkeepsie , new york , 1801 i inhaled the crisp night air , saturated with the smell of fresh hay , and the sound of horses whinnying in the distance .
hay covered all 1,000 square feet of the place and under mikes bed lay a disassembled suit of armor .
after some indeterminate amount of time , i regained consciousness and found myself stretched out on a bed of hay in the back of a moving wagon .
the torch bearer gave a grunt and motioned to a bale of hay sitting by the bottom step .
i took in a deep breath and settled back down into my bed of hay but my nerves were on edge .
i reached down and picked up the twine from the hay bale and twisted it into a kind of rope .
i decided to lay down for a while in the hay , just to take a quick nap and recover my strength .
( 58 ) the mills loft was bedded down with yellow hay .
placing the bale hooks on top of a rum barrel , he tore off the wrappings and then hid them beneath a patch of hay .
his ears followed the sound of clementine to a stack of hay bales at the freight cars far end .
his knees trembled and his balance swayed as he crept towards the hay bales .
he pushed thunder forward , letting the gun lead him round the stacks of hay .
and so he gripped thunder , stepped round the hay bales and took aim .
birch opened his mouth to reply but nothing came out , instead his eyes inadvertently glanced toward a large pile of hay in the corner .
sois your friend in the hay going to come out on their own , or am i going to have to drag them out ?
as birch stammered and searched for an articulate answer , the hay stack suddenly began to rustle .
he saw a flash of gold , half - buried in the hay .
you make it seem as if this is inevitable , anton said , as he dropped a bale of hay next to one of the cows and it began to eagerly pick away at the block .
a brown piece of string ( the type used to wrap bales of hay with ) was wound tightly around its wrist , constricting the material of its ragged black shirt .
there was straw and hay bulging from its shirt and pants making it look overstuffed .
he smelled of hay and barn .
it was henry who had taken the time to teach her about planting crops , milking cows , and filling the hay loft in readiness for winter .
the teeth of the cow skeleton munched aimlessly on the dried hay in its cargo car .
a wagon heaped high with hay raised golden dust on a road skirting the shores of a lake where a boy was angling from a boat with shipped oars .
one was actually smoking a thin cigarette that stank like smoldering hay .
they had new drugs for hay fever , it appeared .
he remembered having to hide in a small barn under piles of hay to keep the light from his communication device from tipping off the locals .
( hefting the dryer as a smaller man might toss a bale of hay , he threw it with fairly good accuracy on top of the other one in the doorway . )
there were several bales of hay , a carved pumpkin lit from inside by a strobe light that he could control from his spot , and a sort of lame looking ( in her opinion ) ghost made out of a bed sheet covering a basketball that was hanging from the ceiling .
josey was sitting motionless on a metal bench dressed like a scarecrow , complete with a big straw hat and bits of hay poking out of the bottom of his pants and ends of his long sleeved shirt .
the hay straw was itchy and it was hard to remain motionless when all he wanted to do was scratch , but for the sake of halloween he persevered .
he was a great guy and i miss him , but there 's no way i 'd ever try something like that , billy thought as he walked up toward a porch covered in hay straw with a scarecrow leaning against the wall .
katie had dabney beside her and they were laying quietly up in the stable 's hay loft .
while the robot was doing battle against their mom and the clown , katie and dabney quickly climbed down from the hay loft and ran for the front pasture .
maybe its the leaves or pollen or something , like hay fever .
my mom gets hay fever every year , and ... lorie trailed off .
now meandering around the pasture occasionally stopping to eat some hay , then moving on again .
` ` that hay looks soft and i ' m tired .
clay dove under , into the overpowering smell of sweet hay , shouting for johnny not to pick up , not to answer , reaching for him and finding instead only the cold curve of a glass ball : the paperweight he 'd bought in small treasures , the one with the haze of dandelion fluff floating deep down inside like a pocket fog .
loose hay had been heaped along the sides .
then the double doors of kashwakamak hall opened on their own , and the mingled odors that came out , although faint - olfactory ghosts of other years - was still an anodyne to the stink of the flock : spices , jams , hay , and livestock .
black speakers against a dead sky , with the half - constructed amusement rides in the background ; in the foreground kashwakamak hall with its bunting and cheap hay insulation .
` ` remember , '' he said , ` ` it 's going to be like a dive , only into hay instead of water .
he was in for a ten - foot drop , and even with the hay , the landing was apt to be hard .
brilliant crimson light shone through the holes , then the entire south end of the building tore away in a hail of boards , glass , and swirling hay .
there they found jordan standing next to a litter of burning hay and staring out at what a single phone call had done .
directly in front of them , beyond the little pile of blazing hay , were a pair of upside - down seats , also burning .
clay saw that the hay insulation piled along the bottom of the hall was going to be a moat of fire before very long ; they were getting out just in time .
5 the shed was on the far side of the compound , as far from the barn as it was possible to get , and although the outside was as brilliantly lit as the rest of this hellish concentration camp , the inside was dark and smelled sweetly of old hay .
6 beneath the window facing the perimeter fence was an ancient bale of hay .
he smelled hay and , more faintly , the sweet - sour aroma of pot .
the internees pretty well covered the main floor , where hay had been spread ( jackets on top of that ) .
the predominant smell in here was hay , but henry had no trouble picking up the smell of sulfur - tinged ethyl alcohol under it .
liquid fire dripped through holes in the blazing roof and ignited the hay in the lofts .
stumps to pull before sundown , hay to bundle into the barn before afternoon rain .
rows of beds to be made , stacks of dishes to be washed , acres of hay to be scythed and carried .
us big - chair folks continue making the beds , washing the dishes , and baling the hay , doing it the best we can .
i drew in smoke that tasted like hot hay , then blew it back out .
down there , caught in old hay and timothy , she found something else .
he ought to get back and start in or when the hottest part of the afternoon rolled around he would be up the barn loft pitching hay .
will would run the a through the high grass of the back field , which was kept for hay , toward either the south field ( potatoes ) , the west field ( corn and beans ) , or the east field ( peas , squash , and pumpkins ) .
it had been made out of enough timothy grass to make a dozen bales of hay , but this grass was silvery and old .
i 'll pick apples this week and potatoes the week after that and when the frost locks up the ground like money inside a bank vault , why , i 'll hop a gs amp ; wm box that smells of sugar - beets and i 'll sit in the corner and pull some hay over me if there is some and i 'll drink me a little drink and chew me a link chew and sooner or later i 'll get to portland or beantown , and if i do n't get busted by a railroad security dick i 'll hop one of those ` ` bama star boxes and head down south and when i get there i 'll pick lemons or limes or oranges .
none of them , not even belch , went out to the bowers farm under ordinary circumstances - primarily because of henry 's crazy father but also because they always ended up helping henry do his chores : the weeding , the endless rock - picking , the lugging of wood , the toting of water , the pitching of hay , the picking of whatever happened to be ripe at the time of the season - peas , cukes , tomatoes , potatoes .
after awhile i started thinking maybe the picture was just a coincidence , too - those driver's - license photos really do n't look like anybody - but then i found your writers '' guild card , and one from pen , and i knew you were - ` ` - in trouble when the snow started coming down , but long before that he had stopped in the boulderado bar and tipped george twenty bucks to provide him with a second bottle of dom , and he had drunk it rolling up i-70 into the rockies under a sky the color of gunmetal , and somewhere east of the eisenhower tunnel he had diverted from the turnpike because the roads were bare and dry , the storm was sliding off to the south , what the hay , and also the goddam tunnel made him nervous .
impossible to tell what they were , of course , but in his imagination ( your mind your creativity that is all i meant ) he could see her pushing bales of hay out of the loft with the heel of her boot , could see them tumbling to the barn floor .
but when shinny came in ... geoffrey had been sitting by ian , who was remembering in a broken , scarcely coherent way how he and ian had rescued misery from the palace dungeons of the mad french viscount leroux , how they had escaped in a wagonload of hay , and how misery distracted one of the viscounts guards at a critics moment by slipping one gorgeously unclad leg out of the hay and waving it delicately .
but when shinny came in ... geoffrey had been sitting by ian , who was remembering in a broken , scarcely coherent way how he and ian had rescued misery from the palace dungeons of the mad french viscount leroux , how they had escaped in a wagonload of hay , and how misery distracted one of the viscounts guards at a critics moment by slipping one gorgeously unclad leg out of the hay and waving it delicately .
he kept seeing the trooper coming back to life - some sort of life - out in the barn , sitting up , the loose hay with which annie had covered him falling to either side of him and into his lap , his face plowed into bloody senselessness by the mower 's blade .
polly 's last surviving relative stood by the hay amp ; peabody funeral hack , a thin stick of a woman dressed in a man 's black overcoat and strangely jolly red galoshes , a herbert tareyton tucked into the corner of her mouth .
` ` he has hay , '' scarlet said , ` ` and water .
he looked over his shoulder at jack , who was forking hay slowly and dreamily into the first four stalls from a broken bale .
' fork that hay ! '
2 ben mears was one of the ' salem 's lot volunteers who beat the bushes for ralphie glick , and he got nothing for his pains other than pants cuffs full of cockleburs and an aggravated case of hay fever brought on by late summer goldenrod .
now both of them lay in the center of a huge pile of loose hay in the upper mow , with chaff in their hair and sweet motes of pollen dancing in the dark and tideless channels of their noses .
hal and jack , sitting near the back with hay in their hair .
did n't just fall off the hay truck , by god .
i cleaned his barn and put up a load of hay in his loft . , last week i was in watts , okla . , running fence .
it was probably a touch of hay fever .
the hay littered on the floor began to rise and whirl in a dozen miniature tornado funnels , nodding and dipping and skipping .
the smell of hay was sweet .
there had been hay in it to break her fall , but she had cartwheeled off it and broken her leg .
give me a kiss , and then we 'll have a little roll in the hay , and by the way , if i come back and someone tells me you ' ve been messing around , i 'll break both your arms and spoil your face . ' ''
she had admitted she enjoyed all those things , not admitting that the motorola had been sold a month before to pay for ninety bales of hay .
there was the smell of hay and horses and shit .
a scrawny man , naked except for a dirty kilt and thong sandals , was tossing hay into an open stall , using a pitchfork with wooden tines to do the job .
left foot , right foot , hay foot , straw foot .
we clean this place from top to bottom , bast the bastard takes the canvas overcoats up to the attic , and the box gets filled with hay from the barn .
certainly it was the only gold in that particular pile of hay .
he cut across the far corner of the clarks ' front yard , which was more hay than grass .
alan believed , almost knew , in fact , that a bale or two of marijuana joined the hay in fuzzy 's barn loft every couple of months or so ' and that was just one of fuzzy 's little scams .
fuzzy had knocked out the partitions to make one big garage and there the summer cars waited out the long months of fall and winter in the sweet hay - smelling shadows , their bright surfaces dulled by the steady fall of old chaff from the loft , parked bumper to bumper and side to side .
there was the sweet smell of the hay .
time spinning out in the sweet smell of hay .
that day dad wanted me to lug wood for the cookstove , weed the beans and the cukes , pitch hay out of the loft , get two jugs of water to put in the cold pantry , and scrape as much old paint off the cellar bulkhead as i could .
it could roto - till , mow grass with one attachment and cut hay with another ; it could haul stuff over rough terrain ( she had used it as a skidder in the fall , and so far as gardener knew bobbi had gotten stuck only once ) , and in the winter she attached a snow - blower unit and cleared her driveway in half an hour .
the hay in the field on his right was long and shaggy .
he said he did n't want to go past it and see it sitting in the field hip - deep in hay and timothy and goldenrod , like some old derelict .
he had n't fallen off a hay truck yesterday .
i glanced out at the cresswell , standing across the road with hay all around it and the white mountains behind it ... and for one crazy minute it actually did seem closer .
but for now what brett saw was a white , secret world , and he was filled with the secret joys of it : the husky smell of hay that would he ready for its first cutting in a week , of manure , of his mother 's roses .
* the brothers sleep in a crib of the horse stables on mounds of dry hay .
in the morning when moses wakes , coughing the dust from his lungs and picking dry hay from his beard , he discovers that his brother abraham is gone from the crib .
he dusted the hay off of his pants .
resting on the hay , he lay back and closed his eyes .
jakob shuffled backwards through the hay until he felt his back press against the cold stone wall .
he wanted to crawl back to his barn in bushwood village and relax in the hay away from this horrible experience .
like the line in the famous poem the highway man , he sported a head of hair coloured like mouldy hay and seemingly cut with garden shears , as it stuck out from his head at all angles .
the other stags gathered the cards and tossed them under a nearby hay bail .
his pretty nanny was still enjoying a warm hay bed inside the barn .
she found him sitting alone in the hay on the barn floor .
ill get you filthy little monsters some more hay , oliver disappeared into the rain .
oliver returned with a hay bail .
god damn , heavy ass , hay , and was gone again .
darren accepted little bites of hay from his mother , although he adamantly refused to go out for a drink .
behind the crowd , stepping quietly across the hay was darren .
it slid beneath the scattered hay .
reilly hunted through the hay .
sparky nibbled at the excess of alfalfa hay the old man had poured out over the chair .
the old man kicked away loose hay , vainly checking everywhere but the loft .
god damn you all to the bowels of hell , oliver was thrashing the hay on the floor .
the hay beneath him was so soft to the touch it was like a pillow , and the warmth of his mate pressed deeply against his side was heaven .
the goat slipped off his coat and his shirt and threw them under the hay .
they poured out into the warehouse floor and started mingling and chowing down on the hay that lined it .
looks like you 're just rolling in the hay today .
the saw dropped to the floor , its fall padded by the hay .
the easier solution came down to simply feeding them all from the hay stocks .
chapter 54 frank rolled about in the hay , still very much asleep .
basil shifted through the hay casually with his foot , hoping to overturn a clue that would prove that the goat had been there .
you bring some hay you can share with me ?
oliver spent the money buying treats of alfalfa and fresh hay bales .
these other women would sit around with friends while they gossiped about their latest exploits of carnal lust with the newly hired cabana boy or richard from accounting , while dana plough would listen , silently amused by what these women would do for good roll in the hay and a little help on their tax forms .
thank you , but -- also , said mr . reed setting the briefcase down on a bale of hay and opening it up , pulling out a slip of paper , this is for your generations of loyalty to the firm .
she hurried over and threw open the gates to find nothing but a bed of hay .
she searched the small space from floor to ceiling , even pulling back a bushel of hay to find her horse .
out of one of the empty stables came onaiwu , brushing off stray pieces of hay from his vest .
if this was a park it was a park smelling of cow dung and rotting fence posts , a landscape of hedgerows and gorse bushes and farm machinery , rusting hay - rakes like exotic skeletons made redundant by the season , come summer to collect grasses between their sharpened ribs and weave each strand diametrically .
a vision of him cuddled up next to me in a bunch of hay immediately dimmed my enthusiasm .
now that i think about it , i said , my mother once mentioned that when i was little , i nearly died from a bad case of hay fever .
there was a hay wagon pulled by two gigantic horses , a beat - up old tractor decorated with balloons , a bunch of kids on bicycles covered with crepe - paper streamers , a fire engine with its siren blasting , and a group of flag - bearing members of some local organization who all seemed really happy for so early in the day .
the hay bales sitting on sawdust - covered floors i d envisioned turned out to be potted artificial trees decorated with colored crepe - paper streamers and paper flowers .
he looked down and saw a cart full of hay riding out of the imperial warehouse .
all he has to pay is one piece of hay .
pop was working in the barn when they came in so he had to pretend a piece of hay had flown into his eye when the thought occurred to him that , were she still alive , ellie - june would have loved to have whisked della away to the parlour to show her all the albums of mickey as a rugrat .
albums that pop had n't bothered to maintain and add to , ever since ... ` ` damn this dusty hay , '' he said , pulling a grubby checked handkerchief from his patched denim overalls , ` ` sorry kids , i need to go to the kitchen and wash out this eye .
` ` oh , i went a fishin ' in the crick the other day , '' i began in singsong , hoping the spontaneous tune would serve as an innocent diversion , ` ` and caught a catfish using an old bale of hay . ''
reaching the lower of the two stonewalls ringing its border , i downshifted and navigated a series of hay - infested muddy swales until reaching the dry land marking the start of the apple orchard .
it was nt until we arrived at about nine in the evening to find the house in darkness and the front lawn looking like a field of uncut hay that i really understood that she was nt there .
as was her custom , she always equipped the cart with a generous number of bales of hay so that by the end of the night , when she had whiled away her profits on wine , she could snuggle down safely in the back of the wagon and snore all the way to the village , towed along home by gumersindo , her unruffled and patient percheron , a beast familiar with his mistresss much practised habits .
she stepped into the woodden crate filled with champagne and settled on a pile of dry hay .
several thousand more roman commuters got on , packing themselves into his carriage like a hay bailer .
bruce wheezed slowly , evenly , hay fever , not asthmayou , he struggled , had hay fever .
bruce wheezed slowly , evenly , hay fever , not asthmayou , he struggled , had hay fever .
the first is 22 seabourne road , wallasey , and the other , 12 leas hay , west kirby .
i buy a street map from a local newsagent who oddly resembles adolf hitler without the moustache and search for leas hay .
what with dog food for tim , and feed and hay for the rabbits , we tended to spend a fair bit of time there .
ronnie would only buy a certain type of hay , called meadow hay , as she was convinced that the rodents preferred this to any other .
as this hay was no longer available at pets at home , we had to travel to just outside town to another pet store to get it .
munroe was eighty - two years old and normally a crotchety old cuss but today he was all smiles as he collected his rewards and directed traffic around the side of his dilapidated hay barn .
he took a firm grasp on abes arm and led them to a trailer behind his hay barn .
but there was it , the pride of the ranching community , that old patriot - mobile rolling down on me , and all i could see was a mass of flags , and sticks and hay bale benches , manned by the freakish ranch hands in what was probably their only day off the ranch in six months , whooping and hollering for all it was worth , as this crazy machine bore down in its highly twisty and dangerously downhill wind .
she was pissed , because she had grand visions of a grand romp in the hay , with her three grand friends , in the grand town of paris .
somewhere in all your notes you must have one more story , and then i ' m gon na hit the hay .
its just hay fever .
poor thing , this hay fever was really affecting her .
it must have been because of her terrible winter hay fever and she probably did nt want to worry me .
how s your hay fever , myra ?
he had realized he was nt made to spend his days in his new york city apartment , experimenting with different kinds of semolina and olive oil ; he had realized this was his element , and now he was making serious hay .
it 's filled with some strange hay , allie said .
eventually , as i paced , a tractor carrying a low trailer of hay bales passed by , and i took the chance to run out and leap onto it when the truck rounded the curve .
i crouched down behind several bales of hay so that the driver would nt see me if he looked back .
it was surprising that i had been able to sleep at all , with the scratchy hay against my bare legs .
till that day , the field shell play lucky ones , rolls in the hay .
as i went out to do chores and he was n't there following me , i sat down on a bale of hay as the hurt in my heart seemed unbearable .
white pointed out some landmarks of his boyhood an outcropping of rock from which a cold spring poured , a dark crease of a valley in the distance where a sawmill had operated , and a shadow two hollows over where three cabins and a subscription schoolhouse had been set up and then abandoned , now disintegrated into ruins like spoiled stacks of hay .
they were bolting together the metal arms , pulling taut the ropes of flamboyant tents , forking hay to familiar and exotic animals .
i help him finish stacking the bales of hay in one of the empty horse stalls .
` ` i do n't think it 's possible to play in the hay and leave with no evidence of the ride .
the farmers usually put out hay away from the excitement before he arrives .
and i was a little bored without roger , me liking the wine with lunch and the apre lunch roll in the hay as much , or more , than him .
sammy took the donkey and put him in his barn , with water and hay . ''
it would be a nice gesture if you were to pay sammy a few cents for the hay . ''
the column of hats tilted back and forth ; there was a sudden flash of light , and a palatial country house appeared , complete with gardeners , trees , flowers , assorted bees and wasps , a scene painter , and a hay wagon . ''
he thinks he can make hay with convergence .
i drew in the aroma of fresh manure and dry hay .
inside , the school looked remarkably like every other school in tockworld , with stalls for the classrooms , bundles of hay for the teachers , and blast shields around the labs .
we ve finally made it upstairs after hours of rolling in the hay .
surrounding the vast door - less iron shed was anything and everything that could rust , including corroded tractors and oil drums , as well as piles of unusable tyres , bales of serviceable hay , and stacks of crumbled bricks .
64 ( annual final ) - two my few chair auld err shelf ( pet fairy , acquired savant syndrome , letter to future self , as many homonyms as possible - extras - 1 element from each preliminary round and open final - incubus ( incubi ) , kitchen apron , rhinestone tiara , victim , glass house , bagpipes , atlantis , balloon animals ) deer auld err shelf , ewe may knot bee ahh wear of dish fact butt aft her hay seer ear us head inn jury sum months ergo , ewe whirr die hag nosed ash having ahh kwai erred savant sin drome , tern inn ewe , awe mi two bee maw presize , inn two ahh gene ears arm mung gnaw mole men .
` ` try not to think too intensely about hay . ''
he squeezed through while emerson kept a lookout , then helped her climb into an empty stall full of fragrant bales of hay .
the drive through the fraser valley was delightful ; dairy cows grazed on green meadows and the smell of fresh cut hay filled my nostrils .
` ` come on , ginna , let 's hit the hay .
mcgregors farm was obviously being primed to rake in a great deal more than moldy hay .
` ` cos you all gots a pink sticker on yer dashbird , '' simon answered slowly , chewing on a long , soggy piece of hay .
` ` you gots to go to the back of the line , '' simon smirked before spitting out an ugly wad of moldy hay .
` ` sure , '' i mumbled , kicking at a loose clump of hay with the toe of my boot .
se acado , acabamiento , ya no hay mas .
perhaps the pitchforks they sat on , as folding chairs , under bales of hay .
the dutch name was hooymaand ( hay - month ) , the old saxon oeddmonath ( because the cattle were turned into the meadows to feed ) .
an enormous collection of bright orange dahlias contained enough pollen to make a hay - fever sufferer 's nose explode .
my hay fever is acting up ! !
they give her a reaction , like hay fever .
worse than hay fever , though .
he ended up in cold snap , saskatchewan , where he changed his name to emiliano ' no hay ' zapatos and told the locals he was a political refugee from guatemala who had fought the corporate takeover of his small banana plantation , lost and now had a price on his head on the spurious charge that he was the notorious banana bandit of guatemalan folklore .
` ` make hay while the sun shines , '' tony 's grandfather patrocinio used to say .
which always seemed kind of strange to tony because it never rained in the sonora desert where grandpa patrocinio lived and the sonora desert could hardly grow a single blade of parched grass , much less an entire hay field .
plus tony seriously doubted whether gramps patrocinio had ever even seen a hay field .
dogs can live on table scraps , which people have , and do not need hay , which they do nt .
he is a good help with clichs since there are true facts clichs and there are clichs that hacks have learned that makes them sound like they know what they are talking about , while they re making hay , in the pouring rain , while the sun shines .
bob struggled out of the stall with hay hanging off his head .
but the little tyke was having none of it , in that , he flung it across the table back at me and i have to admit that no amount of sauce was ever going to make that chicken any less dry then eating a bale of hay .
i guess he was just a roll in the hay .
sometimes oxen dragged hay wagons along the road .
counselor sallies : well , now that we ve gotten the intros out of the way , i think its time we hit the hay .
the boy , named peter , brought food : bread made with honey , apples , onions cooked in butter until they were sweet ; all this from his mother who was also a new widow , who remembered that when her man had died that summer , it had been jamie who helped her get her hay in , and now she wanted to help his widow .
when abel came home from working the hay field , his son was so excited to tell his father about the snake .
many of them still owned their land and would leave their jobs at 5 oclock , only to drive out to the country and harvest their hay in the long summer evenings .
the smell of fresh cut hay told him that m. grenier , who still wore sabots in the fields , had been mowing the meadow nearest to the churchyard since shortly after the angelus had rung .
and he still had a keen enough nose to relish the odor of manure as well as the sweetness of new - mown hay and the heady perfume of honeysuckle .
table of contents side delivery october night hay for sale saying goodbye idas caf at the window voices the code going for the mail the haybine a prayer in winter kickapoo winter the bone yard trotter creek ribbons a note about the writer # # side delivery once again the fields we mow and gather in the aftermath henry wadsworth longfellow its hard to get a hay rake in mid - season .
he gave me a spare bar or two , with all the teeth , from an old hay loader that had gone south years ago and so i was fixed up kind of like a dentist with porcelain spares with all these long , toothy spikes of metal that is more like fingers really .
they reach down to just above dirt , gathering up strands , moving them along , pushing them out the side into a long braid of pale - green , sweet - smellin hay .
i look behind at the flat wake of the hay .
but its better than the old hay loader when you d get hay comin off faster than you could fork it and then down the neck .
but its better than the old hay loader when you d get hay comin off faster than you could fork it and then down the neck .
wrapped in all that plastic , sitting there in a kind of graveyard for hay , it just do nt seem natural .
you know you re going to be throwin out all that hay down to the livestock and its going to be a good , sweet reminder of summer when they put their nose in it and pull it out of the mow .
it ran out free and easy , spinning grass into hay with less noise now than his .
and then , just a bit later , the sliding of the barn door and the jingle of the traces coming across on the wind , even on blustery days , as the team comes out away from the lunch pail and the hay mow for an afternoon of work .
in the semi - darkness of these october evenings , he rubs them down good and feeds them grain and hay in the tie stalls before he pushes on towards home .
# # it had been a good day to make hay .
by ten oclock the morning dew was all but burned off the hay , which needed raking .
after about an hour , he stopped and felt the newly exposed surface of the hay for moisture and knew that it would be ready for the baler by the time that he could bring it up .
ernie , the neighbor boy he had hired for the day to help stack the bales , was somewhere inside the hay mow .
slowly the chain and the little rims of angle iron to hold the bales started moving towards the open maw of the hay loft , the door down , the air already humid , waiting .
robert remembered sinking the hay hook into it deep and pulling finally , at the end of its resistance , with two hands .
a hay bale ?
have you ever thrown a hay bale ?
and no time for hay bales .
no time for hay balesor self pity .
maybe the hay bales he was with .
even though he hoped it still would be summer or early fall , with plenty of green grass in all the pastures , he would do it anyways : a ceremonial of hay , just two or three , for the cows .
maybe even blending of winter into early springa time when the mountain of the hay would have melted to a pile , a time when the cows would willingly put their noses into all of that sweet hay and dream of being set free into the pasture greening up outside .
maybe even blending of winter into early springa time when the mountain of the hay would have melted to a pile , a time when the cows would willingly put their noses into all of that sweet hay and dream of being set free into the pasture greening up outside .
then in the soft waning light of last - winterhe would turn to the hay .
standing on the barn floor in the midst of the soft tombstones of hay , he would be free to move into the rest of his days .
next day i come in about nine , after feeding the hogs and throwin down some hay for the stock and horses and its as quiet as a tomb in that trailer house .
brown - skinned , smiling from the tractor with a load of small , square hay bales when he last saw them .
the form he thought of this while throwing down some third crop grassy hay for the heifers he had penned in the dry lot to the north of the barn .
they obliged , working their way down from the joists of the hay loft above , away from the backs and muzzles of cows , towards the sweetness of warm milk steaming in the morning air .
he had called gilbert the other night about making hay and had told him all about the break - in when their conversation had extended beyond his usual request for haying help .
well , i reckon that the sun has about burned it off out there , gilbert said , looking out to where the sun was brightest on the short stand of third - crop hay , and doyle agreed .
they made hay according to plan throughout the late morning hours and into the early afternoon before stopping to eat .
they were green and sweet - smelling , a sharp contrast from the dull brown , rain damaged second crop hay that they had eventually given up on , consigning most of it to the garden as mulch .
she needs them there : one of the parsons bending over the lawnmower ; mrs . parson out in the back trying to turn the garden ; the hay bales in winter alongside the north side of the parson house trying to keep them warm .
his arms were already coated with sweat and chaff that had raised little pock marks along the underside of the forearm from where , earlier today , he had taken the old , almost - rotten bales from the last attempt and broke them open and scattered all of the wet warm hay out on the ground .
he could see himself wrestling all of those bales onto the flat rack , straining under the wet mass of the soaked hay , hauling them down to that low ground near the creek where they would have been piled , rotting in sun and rain , into a make - shift compost a lot of work .
and then , in the midst of all this work , suddenly a door was opened and he was back with his uncle , in another time , back before texts and seminary reading lists ; back before half - filled church pews , before any of it , standing on the hay rick .
and the horses moved slowly with the weight of the building load , pulling the wagon and the hay loader along as his cousin drove the team and his uncle , walking along beside in the oppressive july heat , gave advice .
the hay did not come out smoothlylike on a conveyer .
and so it would sit there inert , a rock of grass immovable in the hot air , with the clatter of the loader telling him it was time , more hay was coming .
and then along with everything else , there were the bits and pieces , fleeces of hay coming off the loader ; wisps , some falling , some finding the air .
he almost twirled it , this way and that , moving the little stuff , striding , punching the hay home with his feet , tying it in .
nothing disobeyed or balked , until the whole top of the load was smooth , the bunches locked into one another , the last of the hay smoothed over the top , and they were ready for the barn .
his uncle smiled , the sweat glistening his face and running off his jaw and down his neck , a hay dance .
they would unhitch the team then , with this load of hay directly under the open mow .
his cousin would disappear up the ladder just inside the barn door and his aunt take the team over to be watered before the next step , the pulling of the hay into the barn .
no horses or giant mounds of hay going up into the open maw of the barn .
no horses , no hay rick , no man riding the load or striding beside it with his red bandana round his neck , looking up .
the old priest walked slowly , stolidly towards dan who slid the barn door open for his sudden guest and then they were both inside , standing in all a barn should be in winter : warm , humid air ; manure and hay smells ; the comforting sounds of cows chewing , nosing the water cups for a drink .
sure , daniel replied , motioning father seymour to the hay bales that were piled haphazardly together in the center of the barn , just below the hay drop .
sure , daniel replied , motioning father seymour to the hay bales that were piled haphazardly together in the center of the barn , just below the hay drop .
the two of them sitting on hay bales in the midst of the cows who surrounded them in stanchions on three sides , this the third party , gathered as if for courtor churchthe blowing and chewing of the guernseys and jerseys not unlike the coughing of the gathered congregation on a winter morning , many holding back the sound during prayer or times of silence to release them in loud hoarse hacking noises during the organs introduction to the first hymn .
now he saw the brown outline of the hut he had found one day , just four of them that day , stumbling upon it in a snow - storm , no animals inside , just musty hay .
they sat there on mouldy hay bales and stayed one full daysafe , secure , away from the war .
because of all this love - making and lack of mares settling properly , they fed out a lot of hay .
he had just broke off the last leaf of some good green sweet - smelling hay that she had bought at the baler from her neighbor down the road .
more of it was piled in the hay mow and still more waiting for them to buck it up into the rack from the wagon out front .
cmon , she said to the boy , its time to buck that hay .
later , from the loft , he would throw down some hay into the mows .
then the fall crop of hay would be ready to cut and they would return and settle into their new life .
he marched right up to noah , asked if he wanted a job and within minutes noah was hired on to help get the hay in from the field .
moldy hayll kill the horses the boy told noah so noah would fit his hand in between the sheaves of hay to be sure it had stayed dry inside and felt around the outside to be sure the morning sun had dried up the moisture from the evening fog .
he made extra money that way , the saw - mill , the hay , the canned goods and selling ginseng to health food coops in baltimore and washington .
anyway , she had to make soup out of those roosters and she froze all that soup because she had this big chest freezer on her porch and the hens , well they just did nt take to confinement , laid their eggs all over the place , in the hay in the barn , in the trees , we even found some in the doghouse .
the hay bales inside were not rotated , and fresh hay was stacked atop old and moldy bales .
the hay bales inside were not rotated , and fresh hay was stacked atop old and moldy bales .
flies would struggle as they flew through its intensity , the measured beats of their wings doing little to influence the mustiness of the hay .
when hazel stumbled upon a young woman forking hay into a trough , good manners prevented her rushing in with questions of him .
her ratty terry - cloth bathrobe complemented a tangle of sleep - spiked blonde hay still matted with yesterday 's hair spray .
after retracing their steps to the garden , they would lean against the rusting frame of an old tedder , whose corroded tines had spread no hay in decades , extend their arms , flick the bails , pull the stoppers , dodge the spray , and , then , catch the bottles boiling foam in their parched mouths .
only her parents deaths , when their month - old buick collided with a truck loaded with hay on the curve of a graveled road , had been quick , but she , just turned three , had been just as quick to recover .
she was running along the lane that passed through a twelve acre stand of red pines , then , ran alongside a field of timothy and another field of corn , to the hay barn that stood across the dirt road from the main house of the chimneys .
heat and spider webs and dust from desiccated hay thickened the air and deadened the sound of light steps on weak old boards .
i m going to hit the hay .
her hay - like , dry hair had been puffed up into a ball on her head and was dyed red , like a leaf in fall , only not so natural .
he s funny , he s wiry like a little monkey and actually climbs up the hay bales with me every night and sleeps at the foot of my sleeping bag on his back !
his dreadlocks reminded me of greasy strands of hay .
he stood upright like a scarecrow rising from a cornfield , while brushing a few particles of hay and leaves from his britches .
a castle is a place for hunkering down for a long winter of ham - hocks and hay shortages .
at the top of the list was the winter hay , which the jessup hay boys had left a month or so previously at the end of the fire road , about a mile and a half down the trail .
she needed to get away from the house and clear her head , so she saddled up wilma and hitched the hay cart to her , and set off down the path to the remnants of the winter hay pile .
she needed to get away from the house and clear her head , so she saddled up wilma and hitched the hay cart to her , and set off down the path to the remnants of the winter hay pile .
she was feeling strong now , heaving those hay bales onto the cart , but soon she would have to go back , and then she would have to do something .
she 'd piled up the hay and canned the fruit and cleaned out the stalls and hung up the ropes and the saddles .
this was a ridiculous exercise of futility , of course , since even had he wanted towhich he did nothe could nt speak , could hardly move , could not even meaningfully nod his head ; it was too tightly forced against the pungent hide of the ass who seemed to resent being pressed into this revolting dutyit was sunday after all , and his rightful place this day of rest was in the fields , or in the stables , helping himself to a day - long lazy meal of grass or hay .
then back to that other winter , so long ago : tomten vandrar till ladans loft dr har han bo och fste hgt p skullen i hets doft nra vid svalans nste nu r vl svalans boning tom men till vren med blad och blom kommer hon nog tillbaka fljd av sin npna maka tomten then returns to the barn loft where since long he has settled under the roof in the fragrant hay close by the swallows nest empty now of course but come spring , with leaf and flower shell return with her sweet husband yes , that s what he says .
owing to the proximity of the hay market , the number of establishments of bad character , the preponderance of the trading and working class population crowded in these streets and alleys in the heart of petersburg , types so various were to be seen in the streets that no figure , however queer , would have caused surprise .
allow me to ask you another question out of simple curiosity : have you ever spent a night on a hay barge , on the neva ? ''
bits of hay were in fact clinging to his clothes and sticking to his hair .
the tavern , the degraded appearance of the man , the five nights in the hay barge , and the pot of spirits , and yet this poignant love for his wife and children bewildered his listener .
but now , strange to say , in the shafts of such a cart he saw a thin little sorrel beast , one of those peasants ' nags which he had often seen straining their utmost under a heavy load of wood or hay , especially when the wheels were stuck in the mud or in a rut .
he could never understand and explain to himself why , when he was tired and worn out , when it would have been more convenient for him to go home by the shortest and most direct way , he had returned by the hay market where he had no need to go .
but why , he was always asking himself , why had such an important , such a decisive and at the same time such an absolutely chance meeting happened in the hay market ( where he had moreover no reason to go ) at the very hour , the very minute of his life when he was just in the very mood and in the very circumstances in which that meeting was able to exert the gravest and most decisive influence on his whole destiny ?
it was about nine o'clock when he crossed the hay market .
rag pickers and costermongers of all kinds were crowding round the taverns in the dirty and stinking courtyards of the hay market .
this trivial talk in a tavern had an immense influence on him in his later action ; as though there had really been in it something preordained , some guiding hint ... . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ on returning from the hay market he flung himself on the sofa and sat for a whole hour without stirring .
then his own walks through the hay market came back to his mind , and for a moment he waked up to reality .
and the reason for seeking freedom and absolution from authority and remembrance is that temporal authority reheats the shackles of ones allegiance to the current world and the current world is not consciousness but hay fever , and remembrance dilutes the barriers of the consciousness - ignited self against the onslaught of the temporal and the self is washed off by the temporal and is similarly absorbed by the world instead of ordering the world to conform to his moulds and facilitate the falls of consciousness .
while passing a harvest festival at a farm , they happened to see a trebuchet lofting pumpkins toward hay bale battlements .
his hair , once the colour of hay , is now more silver than blonde .
it needs a stable with lots of hay to eat .
the christ child slept in a manger , the place where they put hay for the animals to eat .
that s just what we do to keep busy between meals and rolls in the hay .
for eight years , judd had helped with hay and harvest .
when the last cow exited the parlor , she walked the lingering herd out of the barn toward the open air , where the cows gathered for breakfast , tossing hay as they yanked it from a round bale inside a metal cage .
the boy had not experienced a winter when the pipes burst or a summer when the barn burned up from the hot hay .
you could put some hay down .
otherwise , who would help me put the hay down ? ''
` ` let 's throw down some hay bales , '' said ethan , seeking escape from dawn , uncomfortable instructing children with his opinions .
in the loft , the stacks of square bales awed the girls for a moment , until they started to climb the staircase of hay toward the top of the barn .
why do n't we go and spread the hay around so the cows can eat it when we let them in ? ''
the girls took chunks of the hay bales and spread them down the line of the free stalls .
holding his foot in his hand , he gently rolled the ankle , while making hay of his thoughts .
he sends me out to a feed store on highway 6 to pick up as many bales of hay as i can fit into my car , party decorations .
what you need hay for ?
and now i have a problem : how to fit three bales of hay into a vw bug .
where you takin that hay to ?
at tyler , i unload and reassemble the bales , reinstall the front seat , sweep as much hay as i can out of the interior , and grab a shower .
as it turned out , they passed a few farmers walking with axes over their shoulders , apparently headed to cut firewood , and only one other vehicle , a cartload of hay whose driver seemed to be sleeping while his horse found its way to wherever it was going .
she jumped when something shifted in the hay , thinking it was a rat .
she had never slept in a pile of hay before , but found the arrangement more comfortable than she expected .
she was frightened by the idea of insects hidden inside crawling over her ; she 'd heard too many stories of bed bugs and lice in hay .
when she finally got back to bartholomew 's room , she blew the candle out and lay on the hay .
he always loved sweeping out the loft prior to getting a new load of hay , because he d end up with a huge pile of loose hay below and he and his friends spent many happy hours jumping out of the loft into the hay and then climbing back up the ladder .
he always loved sweeping out the loft prior to getting a new load of hay , because he d end up with a huge pile of loose hay below and he and his friends spent many happy hours jumping out of the loft into the hay and then climbing back up the ladder .
he always loved sweeping out the loft prior to getting a new load of hay , because he d end up with a huge pile of loose hay below and he and his friends spent many happy hours jumping out of the loft into the hay and then climbing back up the ladder .
he d sit in his mares cement feed bin on top of her hay and she would nibble around him as he scratched her ears and spoke softly to her of what a wonderful friend she was to him .
fidore crept out of the hay , stretched , yawned , and rubbed his cheek against patricks side .
the hay in his hair looked like gold in the candlelight .
we leaned against a square , dry hay bale , little pieces prickling my skin through my nighty , our knees touching like birds in a nest .
we stayed like that for a long time , and i left him leaning back into the hay as sound asleep as i would never be that night .
he leaned back against hay and stretched his legs out to where his feet were inches from my bent knee .
he reached into the hay and pulled out a tall , dark , unlabeled bottle that wore a half - inserted cork .
my fathers voice , sounding like his alarm clock at dawn , echoed despite the sound - muting hay .
as he watched and listened in disbelief , the creature turned its now massive head in his direction , spilling great masses of dank , dark hair like fields of rotting hay , and gesturing down , indicated yet other , even deeper levels where the really ` ` serious '' cases were kept .
apart from the occasional gig , we also practiced three times a week in a hay loft above a barn behind a pub in a sleepy village .
entry to the loft was via a vertical , fixed ladder and through a small hatch , or opening the hay doors and leaning ladders up to them .
she had nt counted on the unmerciful heat or the asphyxiating fumes , but she knew well enough what the smell of freshly cut grass would do to her hay fever .
sleepiness in the oxen falls off , like stalks from the hay load being carted .
domen = doe - main feallengod ( fallen good ) = fay - all - ayn - goad ggnian ( rejoice ) = gag - nee - ahn ocean heofon ( heaven ) = hay - oh - fone ecealdor ( everlasting life ) = ache - ay - all - door coren ( chosen ) = coe - rain blawan ( blow ) = blah - wahn dgrd - el ( gods dawn ) = dag - rad - ale gelic - el ( like god ) = gay - leek - ale mgen - el ( strength of god ) = mag - ayn - ale andsc cirice ( he who strives church ) = ahnd - sak kee - reek - ay secanbearn ( seeks child ) = say - cahn - bairn liesan ( redeemed ) = lee - ay - sahn bregdan ( draw out ) = brayg - dahn fela ( many ) = fay - lah mann , cynn draca ( mankind dragon ) = mahn coon drah - kah beorn feohtan ( man fights ) = bay - orn fay - oh - tahn cwen feohtan ( woman fights ) = kwain fay - oh - tahn begietan feohtan ( acquired ) = bay - git - ahn fay - oh - tahn hatan feohtan ( named ) = hah - tahn fay - oh - tahn astigan feohtan ( ascends ) = ah - stee - gahn fay - oh - tahn fulwiht ( baptism ) = fool - weet tweard ( two countries ) = tway - ahrd aberan eft ( born again ) = ah - bay - rahn ayft gastgedal ( death , separation of soul and body ) = gahst - gay - dahl you ca nt count what is nt there some days it just does nt pay to be alive .
just some hay , jah , that 's all it appeared to be .
but the longer hannah lay on the bed , the more intense the hay called to her .
why am i so drawn to some old hay ?
her breath caught as she gently lifted the small hay doll out of samuel 's drawer .
just an old hay doll i found in the drawer , hannah answered .
she and her siblings would often play hide and seek behind the large stacks of hay .
hannah sat down on a bale of hay and breathed in deeply .
samuel pulled out a hay straw as well and began chewing on it .
my schweschdern and i used to make hay dolls .
she playfully threw the hay doll at him .
< > < > < > inside the barn , christian stumbled onto a bale of hay .
she pulled out a small hay doll .
hannah flew into the house and emerged a moment later with the hay doll in her hand .
there was no particular memory but i felt myself in a childs body and all around me was filled with enchanting scents : freshly mown grass , damp hay , honeysuckles , cracked chestnut shells .
no hay mas she shakes her head .
this novel is respectfully dedicated to the following independent authors for inspiration and darn fine reads : dianne gray , heather domin , gary weston , kevin kato , suzy stewart dubot , barnaby wilde , david keith , elizabeth rowan keith , jeffra hays , julie k. rose , and kate krake .
gon na get my book and hit the hay .
you ready to hit the hay ?
bales of hay waited for transport , their dark yellow rectangles standing out against the lush fields that surrounded the unpaved road .
when phoebe spotted cassandra , she stood up and leaned on the pitchfork she was using to spread hay .
chapter 30 phoebe smelled the hay and the manure as soon as she opened the front door and began trudging outside in the pre - dawn darkness .
phoebe squirmed and looked down at the hay .
she could smell shampoo and the scent of tack and hay , and she inhaled .
she smelled tack and hay and manure and burnt leaves and leather soap and something unfamiliar .
instinctively phoebe made a clicking sound in the back of her voice and moved purposefully toward where ginger was pawing at the hay .
with her eyes focused on the hay under her feet , phoebe trudged into the barn and entered gingers stall .
then phoebe could smell the hay and the manure and ginger .
parkings sagged onto a bale of hay , red soaking through his shirt .
the privately boarded horses were generally cleaned up and set right for the night early on , but when parker entered the barn he could smell the stench of horseshit and rotting , pea - soaked hay .
` ` i ' m holding back on grain until they finish eating their hay so the animals do n't bulked up on the high - protein feed . ''
the barn smelled sweetly of fresh hay .
yuh tink any and any body cyaan come in hay an mess wid mi propaty ?
` ` you found it difficult , in the middle of hay harvest , to hire a horse and cart ? ''
martha 's body had been as light as a bail of hay .
the big old red barn still smelled of sweet hay and horses .
the one side of the hay loft is still full of the old things my grandfather brought from the old country .
i guess the joke is on him , if what you say about all the old things in the hay loft is true .
he fell in the big leather armchair like it was a pile of hay in a field .
walking back from her evening meeting with eugene , thousands of fireflies exploded above the hay field that led to the beach .
the stage was set in the meadow behind the garages where the hay had already been cut and the great round bales grouped on their sides together , a plywood floor bolted together on top of them .
contemplating this abysmal situation my companion added an apt analogy , no hay que tocarle los huevos al perro para ver si tiene dientes filosos , ya sabemos why touch the dogs balls , we know he has sharp teeth .
spring is here , which means less cold and flu , and more hay fever and spray tan .
i walk around for a little while until i pass a street corner preacher who is reading aloud to no one in particular the cow and the bear shall be neighbors , together their young shall rest ; the lion shall eat hay like an ox .
several bales of fresh hay were neatly stacked in a barn adjacent to the outdoor pen .
the smell of fresh mown hay and fetid horse dung permeated the warm air .
they just grow , like , hay ?
there s one dusty old road , fenced off , a long flat track that disappears into the distance of the low planted hay or whatever it is .
he looked smiling at a mighty load of hay that his servants had brought into the entry .
he had acquired a significant expanse of marshy meadowland years ago at a low price , and the recent dry years , which scorched the grass in the fields of his neighbors , supplied his barns with fragrant hay and filled his chests with kronentalers .
then he went to the wagon that was just being unloaded , pulled out a handful of hay , raised it to his broad nose , and smiled slyly , as if he could smell some of the coins from its strong fragrance .
just look at the load of hay !
my father still has half the hay out in the meadows , and i go out and want to make it rain !
your father is a rich man , maren , but the rest of us have our little scraps of hay in the barn and all our grain is still on the dry stalks .
just look at the beautiful hay ; its floats everywhere .
if you respond like you did before i m not sure that you can and i ve lived in your barnyard , babe its a clich but it works me to death , now all that s left is a vision of this bird she s just a dream , but very soon the flame will reach the hay laughing like dynamite bitch , i m going away and do nt say ' he 's flown the coop ' say ' he burned down the bloody nest ' blackbird opens up for me were free and flying west texas solitaire ghost town , red guitar , girl i do n't know where you are but you re haunting me like a memory i ca n't seem to place or maybe it 's the thought of god that 's left without a trace now the mountains are on fire and the rivers overflow though all that 's in my heart do n't you know ?
it was better than jumping out of a barn loft into a pile of hay .
i held him in my arms when he took his last breath and i buried him beneath a large white oak tree in the middle of a hay pasture last christmas .
the hay and animals were comforting .
indian exporters were happy , they could make hay for a while .
the cats in the hay mow or the spiders in the eaves or even the kernel of corn planted in the soil he d turned grown into the twelve - foot stalk ground into the silage chips fed to those cows collected in the manure spread on the frozen field flooded by the river in the spring carried off to the sea : a straight line sometimes requiring god force to be bent into a circle , but always bent , always a circle , never brokennot by illness or death or destruction or failure .
the ball had gone into a place where it looked like hay was kept .
his swing looked done by a farmer 's pitchfork bailing hay .
beneath her was her favorite bedspread , one made of white embroidered linen and which smelled strongly of rainwater and slightly of hay .
it was a black - and - white of her father , taken as he stood next to a hay bail , a foot resting on it , an elbow resting on the bent knee .
yes , she said , breathing deeply of the air , scented of hay and grass and miniscule drops of ocean water .
the few herbal teas he had tried tasted like grass clippings and hay .
who , he thought a little desperately , would make hay of this if she knew .
instantly , the countryair rushed in , carrying the smell of hay and the buzz of littleinsects .
a few watched me lethargically while chewingat hay or thistles , their tails occasionally flicking asideinsects .
as we walked , zitha chatted on about how the weather had been particularly warm recently , but looked like it might soon be on the turn ; how she hoped that whoever won the general election would nt in any way spoil the fun of the party by excessive taxation ; how she wondered at the dietary tastes and dining habits of several guests as we passed a pile of empty snail shells , fish - bones and hay ; and how she hoped that i was enjoying her fathers party .
we sat down at a table , with the unicorn standing to one side , chewing on clumps from the trough of hay he d ordered for himself .
he asked , strands of hay drooping from his lips .
he had nt elaborated , but channied thought he was declaring himselfuntil he snuck off for a roll in the hay with lovie schmidt that very same night .
she looked like a 1800s farm wife who could easily bale hay , build fences , and carry two buckets of water from the well .
i did n't see it sticking out of his back pocket which it sometimes did when he was going out in the field to target practice or maybe in his hand hanging down at his side when he was going out to shoot something that needed to be shot , like when a dog got its legs caught in the hay mower and was yelping and stumbling around on bleeding stubs and dangling pieces .
he did n't like it because papa shot my dog , tangi , with it when she was hurt so bad from the hay mower .
i have a hay hook in each hand , staring across the flatbed at papa .
but i ca n't concentrate on hauling hay .
i jump down beside the truck in the hay stubble , stick a hook in each end of a bale and throw it up on the bed where papa stacks it .
the truck starts again , slow now , and i walk along to the next bale , boots crunching in the hay stubble , stick a hook in each end and throw it on the moving flatbed .
we go back to loading hay , and my arms are stiff from waiting around .
the flatbed is full , so papa grabs my hand and pulls me up to the top of the hay .
we sit here for a while feeling the sway of the big hay load as the flatbed goes across the borders .
when we get back to the barn , instead of unloading the hay , papa jumps off the stack , walks a ways , then turns back and says , ` ` come on .
i ' m sweating again and notice how bad i smell from hauling hay all day .
papa 's afraid it 's going to rain and us this close to getting the hay in and the cotton picked .
i try to take a swing at his head but my shoulder does n't work too good because it hurts deep inside from lifting hay bales .
i ' m looking out over the hay field that we ' ve finally collected all the hay off of .
i ' m looking out over the hay field that we ' ve finally collected all the hay off of .
feel a little like i felt about tangi when the hay mower got her .
sit down over there in the hay . ''
the hay 's a little damp , so i sit on some ropes hanging down from wooden supports and coiling around in the hay .
the hay 's a little damp , so i sit on some ropes hanging down from wooden supports and coiling around in the hay .
when i was cutting hay and tangi , my little orange dog , came bounding through it to see me , she did n't know the mower was off to the right side of the tractor .
it was hidden in the falling hay .
we look through several rows of these sheds and find steven in the middle of one on the far side , spreading straw from a block of oat hay .
but papa , he gets up at all hours to check on the water in the hay .
we 're bumping along the old lane that goes down the side of our pasture , doing about forty miles per hour , looking for papa off in the hay field .
maybe papa 's cotton is failing but this is the best crop of hay he 's ever had , stands about waist tall and just right for mowing .
then we 're high - stepping it through the hay and when we get close to papa , i see something really strange , so i stop trish and curt .
he found a partial bundle of hay set aside and tossed it into the pen where the horses could get at the fodder .
i d even toss a little hay , saddle soap the leather , or mend any rends in tack .
he motioned me to join him on the makeshift hay mattress , and i , eyes lowered , did .
jonathan indicated two stage blocks each the size of a hay bale .
like the dense root system of the hay - grass in these old fields , her family , too , had once been embedded into , and thrived on , this piece of land .
the animals and hay needed to be visible but not unhygienic .
the man who was spreading the hay whispered to the woman setting the blankets in place , what in the world was he doing in here .
foy had kept feeding and feeding , and no gold was glimmering amongst the hay on that barnyard floor .
i hit the hay and have nt found thomas or him again since .
de la pea agreed but acknowledged it was almost up to the needle in a hay stack standard .
most of the ones who could nt pay with money found other ways of paying for marlowes services : pigs , chickens , a horse now and then , hay , fencing , tractor work , plumbing and the new kitchen out at the ranch .
ahhhh , sorry hay do nt say anything to detective lutz about my paranoid comment i was just being mouthy ya know no problem do you know where his doctor is ?
terrified , the white - tailed buck ran blindly across a field of short - cropped hay .
past a field of what looked like hay the lawn narrowed to just a few yards wide .
he was kneeling over a bale of hay , engrossed in cutting away the twine .
on either side of the drive , early twilight revealed wide fields , smelling of new hay , dotted with occasional deciduous trees .
you d better hit the hay , son .
the airfield was a single runway cut out of the middle of a fifty - acre hay field .
it held promise of a beautiful future watercolor , but right now , the pastel buds were intermingled amidst last seasons hay - like grass .
in each white - railed turn - out along the south edge of the huge equestrian center 's acreage in snohomish , washington , a scant hour north of seattle , contented horses had their noses deep in their breakfast hay .
` ` since blackie wo n't be at copper creek , how about i take some hay and grain over to henry ?
` ` maybe she went in to toss him some hay , '' delores said .
when i put him in the stall i looked for hay so he 'd have something to do .
eager nickers greeted me when i slid the barn door open , then subsided into noisy munching once i tossed each horse his hay .
the horses , still munching their hay , regarded us with momentary curiosity before going back to their evening meal .
when he lowered his head for another mouthful of hay i left him alone and watched my sister warm up .
a light , cool breeze wafted the enticing smells of hay , clean bedding , and horses to me as i entered the big barn .
after unloading the remaining supplies from my car , i tidied the barn and dropped a bale of hay from the loft through the hatch in the feed room ceiling so uncle henry would n't have to do it later .
a ladder led up to the hay loft and i climbed up far enough to poke my head through the access door .
not only was there no hay , but there never had been .
i tossed hay to blackie and duke , cleaned their stalls , then went down to the house .
` ` if you 'll all excuse me , '' delores said , ` ` i ' m going to hit the hay . ''
her once silky , black hair was now haphazardly placed in a bun , which looked like a birds nest strewn with gray hay .
the two appaloosas and felicitys mare were pigs when it came to sweet hay , and they d starve sadie if delaney let them .
i took a deep breath of leather and hay , unlocked the door to the garden , and stepped out through the stone arch into the sun .
barns should have dirt and hay or straw .
now , time to hit the hay and get some sleep .
we need to make hay while marion is distracted .
it was nearly impossible to make anything out amongst the boxes , bales of hay , and other supplies which lay in heaps .
get every bale of hay you can out of the stables .
she hoped beyond all measure that bossard had prepared a large enough hay pile to save his son and future daughter - in - law from critical damage .
lord weston and greslet hauled michael up out of the hay , the fallen man swearing up a streak which joan could hear even from this height .
the hay wain .
yuk it up all you want , but just remember this : that thing do nt eat hay .
chapter 33 from moleks vantage point inside the caddy , the situation could nt have looked worse than if nepo opted to haul a cartload of hay through a firestorm .
she gracefully crossed her legs and reached into her handbag , some italian number made of supple leather the color of hay and soft as butter .
lewis had nt been walking long when a man came by in a pickup with a load of hay on the back .
the man told lewis he was taking the hay to town for a hayride .
trap emerged from the darkness and , with a grunt , tossed a bale of hay up onto the half full bed .
he reappeared with another bale of hay .
trapp dropped the bale of hay and erupted into laughter so intense that he had to hold on to the side of the truck just to stay on his feet .
trap thrust his hands deep into his chinos , turned his back to pickett , and watched li - po crunching hay .
he even offered to hook up the hay wagon to the tractor , so he could cut across the various pastures to transport guests to the site , saving them the drive on that bone - numbing road .
puddles , the rescued calico stray , lay on her side in the hay .
summer knelt in the hay and examined puddles .
and most of the ones who could nt pay with money found other ways of paying for marlowes services - pigs , chickens , a horse now and then , hay , fencing , tractor work , plumbing and the new kitchen out at the ranch .
fred decided to make hay while he could .
we have to brush him down then put out his timothy hay .
chalcey had fed the horses and was mucking the stalls when summer picked up feed from the hay barn for the rest of the critters .
she was still eating , but curious about what was going on , but by the time she got there , it was all over ; the farmer was clambering down from the hay loft and was moving towards his tractor , that was parked beside it .
she had no inclination to leave the warm hay bales , or to risk tumbling over in the mud .
lazily lying back against a hay bale , he was the perfect image of a bucolic singer , the way they wanted to look in the 1950s .
there were a few farmers up already , and once he saw a young boy asleep under a hay rick .
he went around a corner and waited , but they were too smart to be caught by that , walking wide and circling behind a wagon bringing in bales of hay for londons horses .
mcfergus thought of the boy he d seen from the train , sleeping by a hay rick and probably now somewhere in the warren of slum housing south of the town centre .
they are not children to sport in the hay . '
we do not engage in any type of lavish entertainment , but we do hold a couple of exciting horse races , a few friendly gin rummy card competitions , some graceful ball room dances , a few fun hay rides , and a lot of nice games of croquet .
the tent was half filled with bales of hay , supplies , and a variety of horse tack .
it knocked me back , and i tripped over a bale of hay .
i spotted a three - tined pitchfork , leaning against a stack of hay .
i let the farm tool slip out of my hand and fall behind a bale of hay .
he hopped twice and eased onto a bale of hay .
steve reno rubbed his swollen jaw while resting his gimp leg on a hay bale .
what the hay ?
it was pointed at a hay bale on a table pushed against the opposite wall .
the four men were engaged in an animated debate about whether a coconut or a bale of hay was a better target .
ryquist finally held up a hand and announced they would conduct the experiment using the bale of hay as a target because he wanted to see whether there would be any telltale marks on the bearing from its passage through the tube .
bill was the first to sight down the barrel at the bale of hay standing against the far wall .
everyone stared silently at the bale of hay .
` ` if this catches on , the bad guys are going to win a lot more often , '' ryquist said grumpily as he dusted hay from his pants leg .
he glanced around the loftan actual hay loft that he 'd converted into a spacious apartment for his teen - aged daughter before she 'd decided at the last minute to attend college out of state .
overnight , it had warmed up to a balmy thirty degrees , and the barn was fragrant with the long familiar smells of horse , hay , and sawdust .
we were on the second horse of the day when i heard the hay truck pull down the lane .
he was irritated with me anyway , because i did n't hesitate to return moldy or poor - quality hay and demand credit -- services he touted , but when it came to the actual case in point , he did so grudgingly .
he began eating his hay almost immediately .
he stopped in mid - chew , with wisps of hay sticking out the side of his mouth , and looked at me with inquisitive brown eyes .
but for now , the barns were quiet , the air filled with pungent odors of sawdust , hay , and horse .
i grained the horses early -- they did n't object -- then lugged hay bales out of the storage area at the end of the barn and spaced them down the center of the aisle .
i separated out four flakes of hay , fed the last two horses at the far end of the aisle , and squinted at ralston 's car .
i looked at the floor and kicked at a few wisps of hay with the toe of my boot .
` ` i forgot about the hay delivery . ''
` ` harrison might not be the most honest guy around , but he 's got the best quality hay in the area , and he was only shorting us thirty - five bales or so .
` ` marty , i 'll get cliff and billy to help me stack the hay .
even though it was last year 's hay , the aroma was sweet .
after we stacked the last bale in the mow , i sat down on a row of hay and did some quick calculations while the driver dragged heavy chains across the flatbed and dumped them into piles just behind the cab .
most of the horses were eating their hay , some were dozing , none seemed disturbed by the activity .
he drove harrison 's hay truck more often than not , and he had n't been invited to the party .
` ` he delivers hay for mr .
` ` he drives the hay truck for mr . harrison sometimes , '' i said .
i sat on a row of hay and , with increasing fascination , watched them make casts , take photographs , and dust for prints .
i told them where they could find me and hopped off the hay bale .
maybe since i 'd started checking hay shipments , he was an enemy , but he was n't ` ` the '' enemy .
i squeezed behind the row of tractors , ducked under the hay elevator , and looked up at the massive wall of hay .
i squeezed behind the row of tractors , ducked under the hay elevator , and looked up at the massive wall of hay .
` ` one of the guys from the hay delivery service we use .
i asked her who shod their horses , delivered their grain and hay , and anything else i could think of , and i learned that mr . peters had done with as little help as humanly possible .
where the hay loft used to be .
i bent over and jabbed the broom toward a tangle of hay and sawdust .
i printed a second heading , ` ` discontinued services : '' dr . weston -- vet , rick parker -- farrier , luke barren -- farrier , pence -- grain dealer , schultz -- hay dealer .
* * * i spent thursday night sitting on a hay bale in a school pony 's stall .
by the time the rafters glowed red , touched by the nearly horizontal sunlight cutting through the windows , the mare was nosing around her stall , searching out stray wisps of hay .
it was smoldering under the hay elevator .
in barn b , halfway down the aisle near the cut - through to the arena , i slouched onto a hay bale and leaned against a stall front .
i pushed myself off the hay bale and picked up the can as elsa passed the doorway .
he does n't stockpile any chemicals or hay or let piles of junk accumulate around the barn .
in between the carroll county farm and foxdale , he boarded his horse with our hay dealer , john harrison .
i told him how he and his brother had doctored the hay invoices and that their own sister had warned me that they were dangerous .
when ralston did n't respond , i said , ` ` harrison 's father , buddy harrison , used to deliver hay to james peters ' farm which , by the way , just so happens to border piney run park .
at the threshold stood mr . john harrison , hay dealer , horse trader , and , according to our farrier , ` ` a creepy bastard . ''
hell , he did n't even have to pay me , you being such a prick and all , checking the hay like it was your own damn money you was partin ' with .
robby had been watching us with about as much emotion as i would have expected if we 'd been discussing a hay shipment .
` ` drag him down past the hay barn . ''
when she awoke , he d gentle laid her on a pile of fresh mowed hay , and had his jacket wrapped about her chest and arms , he sat crossed legged right next to her , with his head hung low in his hands .
he finished ` ` and hay rides . ''
` ` and hay rides too . ''
` ` and just who do you think will be watching after all your guest 's while you re out riding around in a hay stack . ''
turning right on hollywood , i dredged up the words from way back in my past : her beauty he hymned to the morning , her virtues extolled through the day - ay , her praises he sang as the angelus rang , and at vespers , they jumped in the hay - ay , at vespers , they jumped in the hay !
turning right on hollywood , i dredged up the words from way back in my past : her beauty he hymned to the morning , her virtues extolled through the day - ay , her praises he sang as the angelus rang , and at vespers , they jumped in the hay - ay , at vespers , they jumped in the hay !
two thoroughbreds followed her every move as she tossed out fresh hay .
after watching jess feed hay to the horses , harvey decided he , too , wanted some .
grabbing a mouthful of hay , he tried to chew it like the horses , and always ended up spitting out hay and throwing his big head around trying to get any loose stems off his face .
grabbing a mouthful of hay , he tried to chew it like the horses , and always ended up spitting out hay and throwing his big head around trying to get any loose stems off his face .
no , corrina , we have no murder weapons , but we do have damn good historical evidence that some suspicious shit has been going on in this little midwestern hay burnin community .
the cat was gone , running through a crack between the bales of hay that surrounded the trailer .
to my gareth books in the after cilmeri series : daughter of time ( prequel ) footsteps in time ( book one ) winds of time prince of time ( book two ) crossroads in time ( book three ) children of time ( book four ) exiles in time castaways in time ashes of time warden of time the gareth and gwen medieval mysteries : the bards daughter the good knight the uninvited guest the fourth horseman the fallen princess the unlikely spy the lost brother other books by sarah woodbury : cold my heart : a novel of king arthur the last pendragon the pendragons quest pronouncing welsh names and places aberystwyth ah - bare - ihst - with ( the th is soft as in forth ) bwlch y ddeufaen boolch ah they - vine ( the th is hard as in they ; the ch as in in the scottish loch ) cadfael cad - vile cadwallon cad - wash - lon caernarfon ( ae makes a long i sound like in kite ) kire - nar - von dafydd dah - vith ( the th is hard as in they ) dolgellau doll - gesh - lay deheubarth deh - hay - barth dolwyddelan dole - with - eh - lan ( the th is hard as in they ) gruffydd griff - ith ( the th is hard as in they ) gwalchmai gwalch - my ( ai makes a long i sound like in kite ; the ch like in the scottish loch ) gwenllian gwen - shlee - an gwladys goo - lad - iss gwynedd gwin - eth ( the th is hard as in the ) hywel hwel ieuan ieu sounds like the cheer , yay so , yay - an llanbadarn fawr shlan - bah - darn vowr llywelyn shlew - ell - in maentwrog mighn - too - rog meilyr my - lir owain oh - wine rhuddlan rith - lan ( the th is hard as in the ) rhun rin rhys reese sion shawn ( sean ) tudur tih - deer usk isk cast of characters owain gwynedd king of gwynedd ( north wales ) cadwaladr ruler of ceredigion , younger brother to owain cadwallon elder brother to owain and cadwaladr , deceased rhun owains son hywel owains son elen owains daughter meilyr court bard to gruffydd ap cynan ( owains father d. 1137 ) gwen meilyrs daughter gwalchmai meilyrs son gareth knight cristina owains love interest anarawd king of deheubarth cadell anarawds brother map of wales chapter one august , 1143 ad gwynedd ( north wales ) look at you , girl .
i lived in a flat that was above the stables , it was really where the hay would have been stored once .
charles hays ran the wabash railroad before being hired as president of canadas grand trunk railroad .
she opened the barn door , releasing the smell of hay and animals .
he hurdles a split - rail fence and tears across a hay field .
huge cylindrical bales of hay line the fields on either side of us , but the grass has begun to grow up again .
the smell of hay and something probably fouler mingled in the air .
outside , the factory smog of starodug was gone , replaced with verdant trees , green hills , and hay fields that she imagined in summer were alive with meadowlarks .
maybe he asked her to meet him under the guise of having a romp in the hay there , when he meant to finish her all along .
she was willing enough to keep quiet for some -- exotic -- rolls in the hay .
i shook my head as i saw the guy who delivers my hay standing at my door .
she looked back toward mitch as he jumped into his truck and took off down the road , pulling a trailer with two round bales of hay on it .
she was a small girl anyway , but i 'd lifted hay bales heavier than her , and i was feeling too many bones .
they 'll be there more to help with the daily living tasks - feeding the horses , moving hay , stacking boxes , doing odd jobs , helping with meals ... '' i ' ve never been afraid of manual labor .
the barn had a never ending number of stalls , an unbelievably tall tower of hay bales , and only about a million different tools , buckets , hoses , and thingamajigs hanging on the walls .
i ' m sure you could have had your pick of whatever girl you wanted for a one - night , no - strings - attached roll in the hay . ''
okay , so manhandling hay bales , feed bags , and hundred - pound calves does n't hold a candle to benching small suvs .
neil was always the first to ` ` hit the hay '' as he called it .
the smells of hay and feed permeated the air .
fucking hay allergies , '' i muttered , rubbing my eyes .
` ` looks like you had a roll in the hay with kenny . ''
chapter 19 i threw a flake of hay into stanley 's stall for his night feed .
i looked over the stall door and saw the two flakes of hay .
there are tall rafters and , hay ?
i point to the corner , ` ` there 's hay . ''
i shoveled hay , i shoveled shit .
we had just enough time for a quick roll in the hay before we had to get up and get ready for the day .
` ` i think we 'll hit the hay too , '' my dad said as he pushed his chair out .
then he sits down on a bale of hay with me straddling his lap .
she spreads out blankets on top of the hay bales where we were sitting .
i step onto a bale of hay and look down at tequila .
he throws hay to the horses , one flake at a time .
our tires crunched the snow and we came to a slow stop in front of the stairs next to five different rusted trucks , dusted with random boots , gloves , the occasional tool and scattered hay .
` ` this is our hay storage .
there were approximately twenty other cows inside , each in a stall lined heavily with hay .
she took the chains and dropped them on a bale of hay next to the stall .
she took the calf and dragged it to a stall lined with hay .
cricket tucked its legs underneath it and propped it against a wall of hay .
she began sweeping hay from the birthing stall .
together we cleaned the stall in around five minutes , moving to the next with the wheelbarrow , tying up or ` ` racking up '' the horse outside the stall , then returning the horse , dropping a new bale of hay , and filling its three - pound feed bucket with grains .
i piled a corner with a little bit of hay as usual and he laid on top .
` ` do n't bring ethan into this , '' she said , sliding down to sit in the hay next to eugie .
she asked , fiddling with a bit of hay that laid at her hand .
i slid down the wall and sat in the hay with him .
` ` you have hay all over you , '' i told her .
` ` stand up , '' i ordered , and picked straws of hay out of her lace dress and hair .
because by the looks of that video , that was n't their first roll in the hay ... or their last . ''
he returned with a huge blanket , laying it on a thick pile of hay .
nothing more than a roll in the hay with a stranger .
he obviously wants you pretty bad if he 's willing to offer up his dna for a little roll in the hay , so i ' m sure he 'll be more than willing to do it your way . ''
` ` i ' m going to hit the hay .
the next week , david smith wittingham chased brynn to a spare stall filled with hay .
his heart on the floor , in the dirt and the hay and the horse manure .
` ` i ' m going to hit the hay , but you have a bath to your heart 's content . ''
the last time i 'd gone to the stables , i 'd gone with two guys i 'd promised to fuck on a hay bale .
` ` i ' m inside you for the first time , dollface , it 's not gon na be on a bunch of hay . ''
the hay was warm and i liked the smell of it but it was also scratchy and although the air in the stables was not as cold as outside , it was n't toasty warm either .
so we got out of the hay and he gave me my first horseback riding lesson .
but what he gave me in the hay started something .
but i would understand after he gave me what he gave me in the hay that , before , he had it under stringent control .
all day yesterday after our time in the hay , when his eyes dropped to my lips , he did n't drop his head to touch his to mine .
then you had to go into town and buy and haul back feed and hay for the horses , stuff for the trees , shit like that .
roan on his way to work , shim with the flatbed of his pickup filled with horse feed and hay .
gray said his big shed where he kept tools , equipment and peach tree things was now filled near to overflowing with horse feed , hay and used bridles and saddles that folks had popped by to bring .
i hit the hay around midnight but you just got ta ring the buzzer outside the front door and it 'll wake me up .
it was after mom went to her room to hit the hay and catch up on sleep seeing as they told her they were moving dad out of icu tomorrow and it was all looking good .
my hands flexed around the knife as i faced the target of bundled hay dressed in kid 's clothing of dungarees and green t - shirt .
again and again they hit me until the hay and clothing were a shredded mess at my feet .
is it a sickness that horses catch from hay ? ''
the rest of the night was spent making a semi - comfortable bed out of a loosely packed hay bale , and wrapping myself tight in the scratchy blanket .
he inched forward on his belly , crossing the hay until his claws tugged at my blanket .
it was much better than the truth : i 'd slept on hay in a barn with eleven dogs secured by a giant padlock .
reclining against the hay bale , i bit my lip .
swiping at the dirty mixture of hay , dog hair , and dust from the blanket jethro had given me , i prepared to embrace my inner sex - kitten .
my cock lurched , remembering how lost and young she 'd looked with hay in her hair and eyes raw from tears .
resting my head on wings ' muscular neck , i breathed in the scent of equine and hay .
i ' m going to hit the hay .
dried hay mixed with newly crushed grapes was a heady , sweet scent .
` ` mr . whitmore did n't even want me to narrow down the names , but i told him unless you have experience it would be like finding a needle in a hay stack .
i had stepped out of the bathroom , near naked from my shower and planning to hit the hay .
maybe after a few rolls in the hay , but not now .
i ' m not interested in something ... serious , but i think i might enjoy a few romps in the ... hay . ''
so , why would you say that the evidence is all around us , cuz , hay , there is scientific evidence of the big bang theory , and evolution , too , '' i argued .
and who cares if i looked like a nervous wreck in front of everyone present , cuz , hay , i certainly earned the right to look a little nervous !
he s has this terrible case of hay fever , so he has to stay inside all day , because the pollen is really high .
i did nt tell you to get me wet in the process , anya marched to a stack of hay and propped herself up on a low bale .
anya drew small circles in the area between them , feeling the texture of the hay as she traced her pattern with her eyes .
come i said , leading her into a little green hay space .
my hair felt like hay and i needed to be able to comb it out .
i can clean stalls , buck hay , and handle most jobs .
anyplace without scattered hay on the floor is about as fancy as it gets , melanie kidded .
si senora , no hay problema .
there ll be hay and wheat and corn .
we 're harvesting the hay for a few days , said jerry , who had entered the barn an hour later .
they cut hay all day .
i m hitting the hay , and it wo nt be in the house .
the doors were on either end , so a pleasant breeze ran through the place , the scent of fresh hay and sawdust bedding mingling with the musky smell of the animals .
how would you like a new home with a heated stable , plenty of feed and fresh hay ?
he d expected to find more rough - hewn structures , like the cleansing huts and quarantine cabin , when they arrived ; so the sprawling ranch house , two - story stable and massive hay barn nestled in the valley took him by surprise .
river closed her eyes and inhaled , hoping the familiar smells of horse , hay and grain would dilute jonathans scent .
in addition to chopping wood , jonathan was responsible for taking care of hot sauce , cleaning out his stall , making sure he had plenty of water and hay , and exercising him for two hours every day .
meet me in the hay barn when you re done with stable chores .
everything from good - natured wrestling matches to full - on fistfights to dances took place in the hay barn .
ill meet you in the hay barn in about ten minutes .
reuben must not have thought it was important to heat the hay barn .
river jumped from the loft , into the hay , rolled over eli , and landed on her feet .
he brushed the hay off his clothes then slammed jonathans shoulder with his as he stomped out of the barn .
all you gots to do is be sure there s plenty of hay and nothing in it , like a pitchfork or a hoe , then jump .
she leapt out of the loft , tucked her knees into her chest and landed on her back , sending a cloud of dust and hay into the air .
she had so much hay sticking out of her braided hair she looked like a scarecrow .
he did a back layout with a double twist then tucked into a ball before he hit the hay .
he brought quite a bit of hay down with him as he wiggled and squirmed his way free .
he was willing to bet they did nt have anything for hay fever .
paul hopped from one foot to the other as jonathan pulled some hay loose from the stack and spread it across the frozen ground .
reuben laughed , then got up and walked out of the barn without another word , leaving jonathan sitting in the hay .
she nudged him with her elbow and whispered , when you re done with your drawing , meet me in the hay barn .
the sun peeked over the eastern rim just as she stepped out of the hay barn .
time stood still as they shot at the target , which was nothing more than an old shirt stuffed with hay and marked with a quarter - sized stain of blackberry juice .
searching the room , they found some bales of old hay and a large tractor that looked like it had nt been used since the early fifties .
well , at least we wo nt sleep on flour bags tonight , he said , walking over to the hay .
he pulled out a pocket knife and cut the ropes that had been holding the hay together .
then he took his time making a large pallet out of the fresher hay from inside the bales .
he took the large black blanket that had covered the back seat of the tractor , shook it off , then laid it over the hay .
she sat down on the blanket in the hay next to him and removed her wet jacket .
she smelled his aftershave and cologne , a sexy mix with the hay and cool night air .
she looked around in the hay , afraid , standing up on her tiptoes .
hearing a noise , joshua grinned as juanita stretched out in the hay beside him .
they save up some of the heavy work , like moving hay around .
do you need hay too ?
anything he could learn about the place was going to help him when he finally arrived in the town of hays .
` ` going far '' jake asked ` ` hays '' replied brad , ` ` i m from aussie just looking around your fine country '' .
up until now hays had just been a place in his head , now it was all turning into reality .
kate , unlike jasmine , was nt all that thrilled krista still talked to a man wanting nothing more than a roll in the hay .
less than a bale of hay .
that stopped her , because she had no idea how much a bale of hay weighed .
its like looking for a needle in a hay stack .
it sounded like his hay fever was playing up again .
when she watched him work ; pitching hay bales for the horses , chopping wood and fixing fences , carrying large sacks of feed and working on his truck , she suddenly saw the benefits of doing it yourself .
she patted my chest in a strangely intimate gesture that made me want to haul her into my arms , back her into one of the empty stalls and demonstrate what a roll in the hay meant .
all she knew was the precious warmth of him , the solid masculine feel , the scent of hay on his coat , the cadence of his every breath .
dropping her gaze she noticed bales of hay scattered about the perimeter where many sat and visited or held hands .
she ambled about like a lost little lamb when a hand roughly clamped her elbow and propelled her toward a hay bale .
this time he pressed her palm firmly to the bale until she bore the prick of the hay against her skin .
the only reasonable spot was on a hay bale behind that pack of clint - ogling cowgirls .
when the music stopped they made their way back to the hay bale .
chapter 18 deep in thought , jessica pulled hay from a bale and hand fed bonnie the clump .
she turned away and resumed her task of giving the horses their hay , not wanting him to see the longing in her eyes that had set up permanent camp there .
he pulled the hunk of hay out of her hand and fed it to the horses .
she smelled like heaven fresh air , hay , and woman with a dash of lilacs .
he would then drive the four - wheeler and wagon into the field and spread the hay out into the pasture .
incredibly the unconscious men lay in a bed of hay which pedro had somehow managed to cover both billy and himself with .
angel , on the other hand , was silently praying that a good roll in the hay would purge this man from her system .
they ll be there more to help with the daily living tasksfeeding the horses , moving hay , stacking boxes , doing odd jobs , helping with meals i ve never been afraid of manual labor .
when he sat on a bale of hay and motioned for her to join him , brant heaved a sigh of relief and then moved his gaze to the far corner with women and small children .
hold your palm open and feed her a little hay . ''
laughing , he tripped her feet out from under her , caught her , and lowered her onto a heap of hay .
he caught her and hauled her backwards into the hay again .
when he pulled her upright and moved his mouth sensually over hers , she almost begged him to drop her into the hay again .
retrieving his hat from where it had fallen in the hay , he turned and repeated , ` ` tonight , miz abby . ''
i yelled , falling into a bunch of straw , or hay , or whatever the hell it was .
he did nt want a one - night stand per se , it was nt about a quick roll in the hay .
in a town of pickup trucks , horse trailers , and hay wagons , the extravagant and flashy sports car looked very much out of place .
the double j ranch was 850 acres of beautiful hay fields and pastureland , generously provided to the rescue as their home by a wealthy colorado philanthropist .
the hay fields in the distance on either side were lush and green .
after he got underfoot a couple times , several of the men had him go up in the barn and work at pitching hay .
then he cleaned and filled the horses water buckets and filled feed bins with hay and a scoop of grain for each .
sarah looked around at the empty lean - to , glad to have shelter from the relentless rain as she sat down in the hay from weakness .
sitting outside the stable on a bale of hay became a respite for them .
macy was petting the horse luke had been grooming , and brock was jumping hay bales with patty and john jr .
haley was stretched out on the soft hay , her best sunday dress fanned out around her .
her shirt was untucked and she had hay in her hair .
lauren walked over and plucked a piece of hay from her sister 's blonde hair , then held it up for her to see .
then she made sure he and the other horses had plenty of water and fresh hay .
her father had grabbed a horse blanket and had tried to keep her warm as she slept in the soft hay .
she 'd cried so hard and had associated the pain with sleeping in the hay .
it had taken her years to even touch hay after that .
her hair had straw and hay sticking out of it .
her shoulders slumped and she sat down in the soft hay , feeling like she 'd let her family down again .
he put his brushes down in the hay .
it led up to an abandoned barn with stacks of dry hay in front of the large doors .
we both stepped back when the fire took to its food , and in a minute the hay was a bonfire of flames that licked at the sky .
ever had a ride behind ol blue on a hay trailer ?
they bounced of the walls and across the hay filled ground .
she crawled away on her elbows until she hit a bale of hay .
sophie fought the urge to vomit when she saw a half eaten hand lying on one of the bales of hay .
above she could see the hay loft and briefly wondered what it held .
around her the fire swelled in the dry hay and wooden walls .
tink plucked a piece of straw out of a hay bale by the door and stuck it in his mouth .
` ` well , if that 's it , i should probably hit the hay . ''
they all shuffled into the loose box , which was big enough to have housed at least three normal - sized horses , and furnished with an ocean of fresh straw , a gigantic bucket of water , a large salt lick and a hay net capacious enough to have satisfied an entire herd of elephants .
i ca nt think of a thing i want to do other than get out of these clothes , soak in a hot tub , then hit the hay .
the scent of fresh hay and clean water replaced the reek of evil , although not entirely .
well , guess ill hit the hay , as well .
you just need to roll him in the hay for a while .
the air smells like diesel exhaust , wet hay , and water from the nearby mississippi river .
listen , if it 's okay with you i ' m going to hit the hay earlybig day tomorrow . ''
i did nt think shed care to ride on the back of a horse or in a hay wagon as i pulled her with the family tractor , so a car was a necessity to me , no doubt about it .
a flashlight would have been safer around all that hay , but my pa was being thrifty as well as old fashioned .
levi was at the far end of the barn and when i walked up to him i saw him hiding something in the hay .
i stuck my hand into the hay and pulled out a half empty bottle of the potent brew .
old man macallisters back was toward me as he loaded up some winter squash he d managed to find under the snow onto the back of the hay wagon .
i crawled up the ladder quietly , and found judas buck naked in the damned cold , sowing his oats into delaney mcdermott who was lying on her back in the hay .
there was an ice skating rink in the parking lot next to the grocery store where simon had taken thad , and john and james were giving hay rides using old man macallisters horse and wagon .
probably because he was feeling guilty for what he d done in the hay with delaney , especially since he was now standing up in front of the altar with a big ol cross on the wall right above his head .
first there was silence but then i heard the rustling of the hay in the outdoor manager that would be used to host the play for the actors on christmas eve .
my father had replaced the hay that had been burned because of andrew causing the fire .
there was now fresh hay from our barn there instead , but the whole thing still reeked from smoke .
and you look like a medieval old woman who just had a roll in the hay .
they d climbed into the haymow , where dean had spread out a horse blanket over some hay so they could sit while they talked .
i m going to grab some hay for the horses .
he leaned down to open the gate of the corral , while lance examined a handful of spilled hay on the ground , to see if it was edible .
he did nt expect her to , and was waiting to drive her , and then he would head straight out to his parents ranch to huddle in a barn full of sneezy hay particles , watching the miracle of equine birth .
the older man restarted his call to the reindeer after eric sat on the row of hay bales behind butchs seat .
heather bounded up from her hay bale perch when the wagon rolled around the corner and the shelter came back into view .
walled hay paddock , he corrected .
she pushed her way through the gateless gap to find the unmown hay pasture of gabriels rhetoric .
in the meantime bertrand has organised a local farmer to come in and harvest this for hay , he indicated the wide grass - rich alle , it wo nt transform us into a show - place overnight , but it will make it easier for frodo to run around , that s for sure .
i hate to burst your bubble but methinks you have nt seen modern hay bales .
reminded of this , she was tempted to buy a particularly plump dark - eyed grey bunny that was sitting in its cage and nibbling on hay to save it from becoming rabbit stew , before she recalled that they were already providing a home for a cat and the new , currently nameless , pup .
this room looked like a barn , with hay and saddles and tack scattered around .
i d love to roll in the hay with you , but i wo nt because i ve got to look at myself in the mirror the next morning .
at the foot lay a long stretch of beautiful flat meadow land filled with fields of hay and livestock .
i rolled down my window and slowed my car to smell the fresh scent of the newly cut hay .
no more meaningless romps in the hay .
romp in the hay ?
i put her in her stall with a nice piece of hay which she munched on appreciatively .
quickly i put cara back into her stall and gave her some more hay , she earned it .
sure i just left her a while ago munching on some hay ?
they just eat hay and carrots .
though shed pinned it up , her mossy strands looked like bales of hay gone bad .
there was hay scattered on the concrete floor .
there was hay on the concrete floor and the tables were covered with red and white checked table clothes .
funny he never mentioned her while he was trying to lure me into a cozy little roll in the hay a couple of months back .
the barn , hay shed and other outbuildings stood in good repair against the coming of deep winter .
oscar jumped up into the truck bed and pushed a bail of hay to the gate .
dad puts up hay , and it 's never enough .
a roofed hay shelter .
i saw lights shining on the hay storage .
dad 's been afraid someone 's stealing our hay .
for all i knew , moving hay in was standard procedure .
in the distance , a light shone at the hay shelter .
on new year 's eve afternoon , cass drove the hay - filled truck and bud rode in the passenger seat .
together they shoved an eighty - pound bale of hay to the edge of the open tailgate .
a cluster of cows descended on the hay , with a group of others pushing to get at the feed .
i ' m out loading hay , dragging gates for you , and you just casually mention you ' ve decided to stay ?
cass and oscar plowed snow with the truck to clear the roads , hauled and dropped hay for the cattle , and mended the occasional snapped fence line .
` ` he might know about some hay stealing going on late at night , but that 's ... '' ` ` suppose that hay was feeding those very same yearling calves , '' lander said .
` ` he might know about some hay stealing going on late at night , but that 's ... '' ` ` suppose that hay was feeding those very same yearling calves , '' lander said .
when they got to the clearing , they saw a teenage boy standing on the back of a flatbed truck , pitching flakes of hay into the corral .
i figure i owe you this and more for the hay , 'cause you would have sold the beef i took earlier on .
make hay while the sun shines , they say .
guess it 's a bit of hay fever . ''
` ` you get hay fever often ? ''
he 'd landed in the hay , and buried himself inside .
he gestured at a stack of hay , far across the field , with a small , red stain in its center .
several spears were lodged in the hay , but none inside the red .
then , after an eternity , there came the sound , the undeniable sound of a spear point piercing hay .
the wall must have rose thirty feet and piled at its base were stacks of hay .
he fell a good twenty feet , and landed in the pile of hay below .
he landed on his back in the hay , shocked , but unhurt .
thor scrambled to his hands and knees , catching his breath , and looked about : all around him , boys were dropping like flies from the ropes , landing in the hay , kicked or shoved by each other - or if not , then kicked off by members of the silver up top .
granted , the convent 's cows were not quite like her mother 's sweet - tempered , shaggy red hieland coos , but if you came right down to it , a cow was a cow , and even a french - speaking wee besom like the present mirabeau was no match for joan mac - kimmie , who 'd driven kine to and from the shielings for years , and fed her mother 's kine in the byre beside the house with sweet hay and the leavings from supper .
` ` all right , rob , i ' m gon na hit the hay . ''
shirley cried out as she went sliding ingloriously into the air , landing with a solid thump in a pile of hay .
she wanted to close her eyes and smell the scent of fresh hay .
it was warm inside - the sort of dry warmth one feels on a bright sunny day - and it smelled richly of hay .
a fluttering sound reached her ears , and she looked up to see a bird preening its feathers up under the rafters , where narrow gaps in the wood roofing allowed beams of sunshine to pour through , bathing the hay in a golden glow .
the next thing she knew , she was in his arms and he was carrying her across the floor to a large pile of hay , his gaze hot and determined , which should probably have scared her to death but did n't .
sitting down in the hay , anthony leaned back with isabella on his lap and hugged her against his chest .
she needed more from a man than a quick roll in the hay .
after the giant feline had finished drinking and had flopped down on a sunny rock , connor and victoria meandered farther along the path , connor pushing the baby 's loaded buggy , to where two elephants picked at a hay net with their trunks .
` ` considering i found you down here , asleep on the hay , gives you a little bit of leeway for grumpiness , '' alex conceded .
` ` of course a romp in the hay would ' ve put you in a much better mood than having fallen asleep on it , '' he added with a wink at emily .
inside a hole in the hay lay a mamma kitty and five brand new kittens .
when he examined the drops of blood laying there in the hay , his panic was escalated .
being in her presence was the same as throwing a lit match into a dry hay field .
she started to feel excitement as they left the city and glided past fields of hay , gently blowing in the breeze .
epilogue ` ` j - ohn , f - ive bales ... hay .
` ` six bales of hay , '' he said quickly and relaxed as she returned to running her hands over his skin .
no flu , no virus , no hay fever .
bethanne planned to bring her guitar and she 'd made arrangements to have a few bales of hay delivered .
it was tradition , complete with hay rides , costumes , and everything else you could imagine .
she even thought she detected the scent of hay on him .
he smelled of fresh hay and leather , and the combination struck her as immensely virile .
their mangers were packed with fresh hay , and shining tack lined the walls , polished to bright perfection .
he could smell hay and horse , and cloth and sweat and some of the sweet scent of smoke that still clung to his clothes , from the fire in jem 's room .
i need to check out the horses and get the hay out .
in the back , there was a large open area where stacks of hay bails stood .
he slipped inside and saw ryan sitting on a hay bale in the back .
` ` here , sit down , '' he said , shoving ryan back down onto the hay .
hidden by a loaded hay truck that passed behind them , carrie steered him toward her parents ' store .
then he looked down at the little boys playing happily in the hay , crawling over his feet .
` ` you 'll mean to remember it , but after a while , you 'll start racking up offers , and then you 'll think about your age , and your agent will tell you to make hay while the sun shines .
instead of dust and disuse , sabrina smelled fresh hay , shavings and oats .
it smelled like wet hay as it shrank into a small , compact sphere .
the air smelled like coal and moldy hay .
the sun swept past the doorway at about six o'clock on summer evenings , so roland guessed by the golden light on the hay that it was nearly seven .
rosaline reclined on her side in the hay , oblivious to the thistles that clung to her satin gown .
she shifted in the hay , feigning boredom but feigning it poorly .
he should have known it when she reached for his hand and drew him down onto the hay with her .
she leaned backward in the hay , her pink lips pursed and off - limits once again .
roland lurched forward on his knees , his hands planted in the rough hay .
she leaned away just long enough to tease him , then lay back in the hay and closed her eyes .
roland all but fell on top of her , rolling to the side and finding himself facefirst in the hay .
alexander 's slid earthward with the lightest guidance from roland 's blade , until it glanced off the wet hay on the floor of the stable .
they stood among hay and horses , a few cows lying curled together in a corner .
they cast a soft , opalescent glow on the animals , which were not sleeping : the horses whinnied and the chickens clucked restlessly in their pens ; the cows lay in the musky hay , their udders swollen with milk .
the scuffed patch of muddy hay where they had tussled .
she froze as her wing tip dragged across a mound of damp hay .
they banked left and flew over a horse stable , breathing in the dank stench of hay and manure .
` ` heya , sweetpea , '' kate said , throwing a flake of hay onto the ground , and then scratching the horse 's velvety ear .
the air smelled of the riding stable nearby , of horses and sweet hay .
he 'd grown up on a farm , feeding cows before dawn and driving his dad 's hay truck when he was thirteen .
the wind smelled of freshly cut hay and the stars were bright .
the smell of burning wood and leaves brought back memories of summer camp and hay rides - happy times filled with hope and the promise of a bright , shiny future .
time to hit the hay .
she could n't even look at him without wanting to hide herself under the hay covering the bed of the truck .
it had happened a long time ago and the rushed tumble in the westfield stables had passed in a blur of sweaty skin , prickly hay , and gasping relief .
once inside the warmth of the stables he sucked in the scent of sweet hay and horseflesh , such a stark contrast to the salty bite of the air outdoors .
or perhaps you hope to tumble her in the hay as often as possible until she either marries or grows fat with your child . ''
he entered silently and inhaled deeply , finding the smells of hay and horses both familiar and soothing .
it was a dim , dusty cool , smelling of hay and horses .
his shirt was warm from the sun , the smell of hay and horse in the barn mixing with his own scent , something spicy , pleasantly sharp over deep warmth .
my fingers threaded through his hair , holding him against me , breathing in his scent ; smelling faintly of leather and hay , spicy and wild .
there was enough room for the bike and us , pushed up against several hay bales , well back from the opening .
i could smell the rain on his shirt , the musty hay smell of the barn , the engine smell of the motorcycle .
he took two steps forward , setting me on a hay bale .
i was momentarily surprised by the prickliness of the hay against my skin , but chase was pressing me back , his body between my legs .
i wiggled beneath him , the hay scratching my back , seeking contact .
my body arched up against chase , as he pulled me hard against him , one arm braced on the hay bale .
i lay back on the hay , breathing hard , my heart still hammering in my chest .
smiling , he plucked a stray piece of hay out of my hair before pulling me close , holding me against his chest .
i want a relationship with you , not just for an occasional f**k in my bed or a roll in the hay .
it was a long time later when i felt the bed move , chase 's scent , leather and hay , and him , washing over me as he crawled beneath the sheets .
chase was leaning against the doorframe , jeans and shirt already slightly dusty , smelling vaguely of hay and horse .
she had several fields of hay that needed to be cut and baled , but she 'd been forced to sell the tractor and hay baler ; the only way she could get the hay cut would be to offer someone part of the hay if they 'd do the cutting and baling for her .
she had several fields of hay that needed to be cut and baled , but she 'd been forced to sell the tractor and hay baler ; the only way she could get the hay cut would be to offer someone part of the hay if they 'd do the cutting and baling for her .
she had several fields of hay that needed to be cut and baled , but she 'd been forced to sell the tractor and hay baler ; the only way she could get the hay cut would be to offer someone part of the hay if they 'd do the cutting and baling for her .
she had several fields of hay that needed to be cut and baled , but she 'd been forced to sell the tractor and hay baler ; the only way she could get the hay cut would be to offer someone part of the hay if they 'd do the cutting and baling for her .
pushing the hay was n't easy ; they were supposed to be hundred - pound bales , which meant that she outweighed them by maybe seventeen pounds ... if she had n't lost weight , which she suspected she had , and if the bales weighed only a hundred pounds , which she suspected they did n't .
tossing the bales out was impossible , so she cut the twine there in the back of the truck and loosened the hay with the pitchfork she had brought along , then pitched the hay out in big clumps .
tossing the bales out was impossible , so she cut the twine there in the back of the truck and loosened the hay with the pitchfork she had brought along , then pitched the hay out in big clumps .
well , the ultimate golden girl had cattle to feed , hay to cut , fences that needed repair , and that was only the tip of the iceberg .
the pasture was badly overgrazed , but scattered clumps of hay testified to michelle 's efforts to feed her herd .
slow - rising anger began to churn in him as he thought of her wrestling with heavy bales of hay ; some of them probably weighed more than she did .
a crew of men will be here in the morning to take care of the fencing and get the hay out to the herd . ''
hugh cried , kicking a stall door and sending a fine spray of hay into the air .
` ` you look like a bloody harlot who 's just had a tumble in the hay . ''
when he found it , he clambered up the creaking wooden rungs and flung himself onto the soft piles of hay .
dust and bits of hay rained through the cracks , pattering rass 's upturned face .
` ` and you made love in the hay , ` ` valoree rushed the story along again .
the baron had climbed up to sit on one of the hay bales set up across the way .
instead of hooting and hollering , his lordship turned and spied caroline standing slightly behind one of the hay bales .
i was buried under a bunch of hay with the barn doors closed when those angry boys came by .
lizzy 's hair was rimmed with golden light , as yellow as the hay .
as an alumnus of culver creek , he had done the things i had only heard about : the secret parties , streaking through hay fields ( he always whined about how it was all boys back then ) , drugs , drinking , and cigarettes .
the colonel , takumi , and i got there first , setting up our sleeping bags on the softest bales of hay .
in a flash , takumi grabbed our sleeping bags and backpacks and hid them behind bales of hay .
the colonel sat down on a bale of hay , his elbows on his knees , his head bowed , his palms against his forehead .
i wanted to ask her about it , but she lay back down behind the piles of hay , invisible again .
she lay on her side across two bales of hay , the afternoon light brightening the green in her eyes , her tan skin the last memory of fall .
for a moment , i thought , it 's massively unwise to throw lit cigarettes around a barn full of hay , but then the moment of caution passed , and i just made a sincere effort not to flick ash onto any hay .
for a moment , i thought , it 's massively unwise to throw lit cigarettes around a barn full of hay , but then the moment of caution passed , and i just made a sincere effort not to flick ash onto any hay .
she drank without lifting her head from the hay .
fraser only nodded , though , and dug his fork into the waiting mound of hay .
fraser repeated , and turned his back on grey , shoulders bunching as he dug the fork into a pile of hay .
he deposited the forkload of hay neatly into one manger , and moved to pick up another .
he looked back to the fork in his hands , drove it down into the hay .
he received no answer save the rustle of hay , and left the stable , followed by the whickering of horses and fraser 's tuneless whistle .
for the first time in the telling , a lump came into his throat , recalling his mother 's face when she 'd seen him , filthy , trailing hay and mud across the turkey carpet in her boudoir .
dinner had been served ; the stable was filled with the peaceful sounds of chewing and the smell of fresh - broken hay .
one or two of the horses lifted a head to look at him , wisps of hay straggling from the champing jaws , but for the most part , they ignored him , noses firmly planted in the mangers .
heaps of matted straw lay around each mattress like a nest ; the grooms must pull hay over themselves for extra warmth .
the sun had begun to sink , washing the old walled gasthof and its orchard in a haze of peach and apricot as he rode into the paved courtyard at the trot , his horse eager for home and hay .
went on counting his steps , ringing sudden on the bricks of the courtyard , one , two , three , four ... muffled as he passed the gate , walking on strewn hay and wet earth , saw brett and the guards coming toward him , raised a hand in acknowledgment but did not stop , one , two , three , four ...
fraser was pitching hay into the mangers , and barely glanced at grey when he entered the stable .
he could imagine that he smelled her hair in the scent of fresh hay .
his knees gave way in the aftermath and he slid slowly down the boards of the box into the loose piled hay , shirt rucked round his thighs and his heart pounding like a kettledrum .
he plunged at once into a sleep so deep and luxurious that when a hand shook him by the shoulder , he did n't spring to his feet but merely stirred sluggishly , momentarily befuddled by the prickle of hay on his bare legs .
it had dawned on him that she had n't just stumbled over him in the hay , for why would a lady 's maid be poking about the stables at night ?
3 an irishman , a gentleman helwater april 2 jamie dressed and went down to fork hay for the horses , disregarding the dark and the chill in his hands and feet as he worked .
nothing but the dry smell of last august 's hay in the stall ; behind him , the tang of fresh manure and the sweetness of mash and horses ' breath .
the hay was tumbled , trampled in spots .
things had been said at their last meeting that - he choked the memory of it off and picked up his fork , driving it into the pile of hay with some force .
but william stood stock still , mouth a little open , watching in fascination as the huge head came close to him , soft lips nibbling at the grain , and with the oddest sense of dislocation , jamie suddenly felt himself on the floor of a stable , hearing the deep slobbering crunch of a horse 's chewing just beside him , seeing the huge , glassy hooves , smelling hay and oats and the wonderful pungent scent of the horse 's warm hide .
peggy did n't reappear , and they spent a companionable quarter hour pouring mash , then forking fresh hay from the stack outside into a wheelbarrow and trundling it into the stable .
he smiled at william , who , jamie noticed with some dismay , had molasses down his shirt and a good deal of hay sticking out of his hair .
when he 'd left the battlefield at culloden , wounded , hidden under a load of hay in a wagon .
the horses had calmed down , still snorting and bobbing their heads but now beginning to munch hay again .
but there were two fine mules , whitey and mike , who were kept to draw the hay wagon .
betty was waiting for him behind the hay shed , fastidiously eyeing the immense manure pile with a curled lip .
it had drawn hers , anyway , since she 'd first seen him two weeks ago , forking down hay in the barn .
she did n't know what this weekend had meant to him , maybe only a prolonged , intense roll in the hay , sufficient for the pleasure it provided , but for her the man and the weekend had been the catalyst that had unlocked the passion of her nature .
they brought with them the earthy scents of the outdoors , horse and hay and clear fresh air mingled with their own male sweat ` ` you two look guilty , '' joe observed .
and if he had thought i 'd be amenable to a roll in the hay , then gabriel gordon had another damned thing coming .
she knew him , knew he was n't capable of making a true future commitment , but realized his emotions delved deeper than a casual roll in the hay .
i was afraid it would be strange between us , and this deal is more important than a - what do you americans say - a roll in the hay ? ''
what charlie was actually under was a pile of hay .
he could n't very well say no because he 'd been planning a roll in the hay with one of the company secretaries .
` ` and you ' ve had a hay wagon full of troubles on your mind these past few months .
` ` yeah , i know i sound like a wimp , but it 's been a long day and i ' m ready to hit the hay . ''
maybe he was thinking that this would be their last roll in the hay .
she looked like a woman who had recently had a good roll in the hay .
in point of fact , she really would have preferred a roll in the hay with william .
anything other than a good roll in the hay seemed piddly by comparison .
sitting beside him , she would inevitably remember her childhood - the smell of aqua velva on his face , pitching hay in the horse stall , the brush of stubble as he 'd kissed her good night , the tender words he 'd always spoken since she was a little girl .
she 'd spread fresh hay in the first stall .
he broke her fall , but the impact of her weight slamming against him had taken them both to the floor , and into the fresh hay .
it might ' ve been because she was nervous and flustered , or maybe she just was n't watching where she was going , but steffie tripped over a bale of hay .
she scooped him up and buried her face in his hair , which smelled pleasantly of goats , hay , and spicy sausage .
all around her , families were settling in for the night , making nests for themselves in the hay .
then she looked at the two small forms slumbering in the hay , and contemplated the prospect of waking up alongside three hangovers , come morning .
she bunched up enough hay for a pillow , spread her folded kerchief over it - they 'd be picking hay out of their clothes most of tomorrow - and lay down , curling her body round jem 's .
she bunched up enough hay for a pillow , spread her folded kerchief over it - they 'd be picking hay out of their clothes most of tomorrow - and lay down , curling her body round jem 's .
a sudden rustle of the hay , and roger slid in behind her .
there was no more than a thin layer of hay between her and cold , hard ground , but she felt sleep lapping at her like the waves of the tide creeping up a sandy shore , soothing and inexorable .
a quick heave , and she was lying on her back staring up at the distant stars , which were at once blotted out by roger 's head and shoulders as he rolled on top of her in a tremendous rustling of hay and loosened clothing .
` ` jem- '' she flung out a hand toward jemmy , who appeared not to have been disturbed by the sudden disappearance of his backstop , but was still curled up in the hay like a hibernating hedgehog .
the hay made a tremendous rustling - but there were other rustlings nearby , and the sound of the wind soughing through the trees in the cove was nearly enough to drown them all in sibilance .
trembling and moaning , she melted back against the hay , her legs still locked around his hips .
she heard the murmur of his voice , speaking french to germain , and the quiet rustle of his footsteps in the hay , moving off .
he laughed again , hiccuped , and subsided in the hay .
` ` he 's out by the hay barn , scraping hides . ''
a day more , maybe , then home in time to make the hay .
in cold - blooded retrospect , it was a sensible thing to have done ; there were other fields at risk , not only of barley , but of ripening corn , wheat , potatoes , and hay - to say nothing of the garden patches most families depended on .
19 making hay major macdonald returned on the final day of haymaking .
the scent of fresh hay was everywhere - and so was the hay ; there were shimmering mounds of it in every shed , everyone carried bits of it on their clothes , and small trails of scattered straw lay everywhere .
the scent of fresh hay was everywhere - and so was the hay ; there were shimmering mounds of it in every shed , everyone carried bits of it on their clothes , and small trails of scattered straw lay everywhere .
now the smell of cut , dry hay was mingled with the delectable scent of the barbecue that had been simmering underground overnight , the fresh bread , and the heady tang of mrs . bug 's cider .
jamie , arch , and roger had shepherded them through the process , though , and i had been asked to stitch no more than a handful of minor wounds , so i assumed it had been a success - no hands or feet lopped off , a few shouting matches , but no fistfights , and no more than the usual amount of hay trampled or ruined .
in a stride , he had reached me and swept me into an exuberant embrace , redolent of hay , horses , and sweat .
bree smiled at me , her hand gently stroking his glossy black hair , picking bits of hay out of it .
by the time they came round the corner of the hay barn , he had everything securely buckled up .
` ` most of the outside work is done ; the crops and the hay are in , the slaughtering 's finished .
even gideon was a - nod over his manger , half - chewed hay hanging from the corner of his mouth .
there it was ; above the rain , he heard the soft grunt of someone pushing at the door , and the rumble as it slid open , admitting a breath of cold rain to mingle with the warmer scents of hay and manure .
` ` ah , '' he said , inhaling the mixture of horse , harness , manure , and hay as though it were incense .
the boy in the loft observed , withdrew , and reappeared almost at once , holding a large flake of hay in both hands .
there was an explosion of hay where fergus had been , and the colt gave a panicked whinny , got its hindquarters under it , and took off like a derby winner , heading straight for the little knot of courtiers , who scattered to the four winds , screeching like geese .
i yanked fergus , gasping and spluttering , to his feet , and began to beat his clothes , knocking the worst of the mud clumps and hay wisps off of him .
it was something of a delicate situation , so far as old simon fraser was concerned , i thought , bending over the trough and trying to make out which blotches on my reflected complexion were actual smudges and which caused by floating bits of hay .
the figure in the hay raised its head slowly , and the plaid fell back .
the old man rose slowly from the hay , crippled body moving with painful deliberation .
` ` we ca n't let willie be near him , '' i said , low - voiced so as not to be overheard ; willie and ian were by the penfold , forking hay into the horses ' manger .
he could call that one up and smell the dry hay and the scent of manure , feel his own fingers chilled by the wind , and his heart warmed by the light in his father 's eyes .
there was a strong , clean tang of hops in the air , enough to overpower the milder scents of hay and manure ; the blue bull brewed its own ale .
he had the chance to do neither ; a hard shove caught him off balance , square in the chest , and he went sprawling into the hay .
the vast curve of the sow 's belly rose up out of the hay like a swollen balloon , pink flesh visible beneath the soft , sparse white hair .
one piglet was nudged too roughly by a fellow and momentarily lost his hold ; there was a high - pitched shriek of protest , and a jet of milk spurted from the suddenly released nipple , hissing softly into the hay .
then he raised the cup abruptly to his mouth , swallowed the cider in one gulp , and set the cup down on the hay beside him .
she slammed a hand down in the hay .
he took her by the shoulders , and eased her down onto the piled hay .
i could have set the hay on fire , and neither one would have spared an instant 's notice .
one ox - drawn wagon was loaded with barrels , the other with hay .
i worked a bit yesterday after hall , then sat down on a bale of hay to rest a bit before dinner . ''
i pushed open the stable door , and my heart skipped a beat to see both jamie and dougal seated side by side on a bale of hay .
this time , though , dougal 's big black and its five companions were standing in the inn yard , contentedly munching hay .
stone floored and stone walled , the only openings were the narrow windows at one end , the door at the other , and the narrow slits under the thick thatched roof , intended for the convenience of the owls who kept down the mice in the hay .
up in the hayloft , just under the roof , the light was even better , striping the piled hay with yellow bars and lighting the drifting dust motes like showers of gold dust .
help me fork the hay , and we 'll get ye acquainted wi ' cobhar .
the long back bent , gleaming in the warm dusk of the stable , as jamie caught up a forkful of hay from the pile in one corner and carried it to one of the stalls .
jamie shot a swift glance at his cousin , but finished pitching hay into the sorrel 's stall before speaking .
seeing that this conversation might take a while , jamie sat down on a bale of hay .
instead , he drummed his heels lightly against the firm - packed hay .
his stockinged feet stuck out over the edge of the hay bale .
they looked like two tomatoes , set side by side on a hay bale for judging at a county vegetable show .
alec was almost dancing in ecstasy , his arthritic form capering up and down in the hay .
her hindquarters flexed sharply and the foal slid smoothly onto the clean hay in a slither of knobbly legs and big ears .
i sat back on the hay , grinning idiotically .
a faint scent of ripe fruit and fresh - cut hay floated on the breeze .
here and there a lone man passed from cot to shed , carrying buckets or hay , but the road was deserted for the most part .
i blinked against the sudden dimness , seeing him only as a tall shadow against the piles of pale hay stacked by the wall .
god has prospered our efforts during the summer , blessing us with an abundance of corn and wild hay , and an abundance of beasts to consume them .
seems he 'd taken them off the night before , left them in the hay , and one o ' the barn cats had kittens on them .
it was long past noon ; the cold , still air of the morning had risen and a chilly breeze moved through the dooryard , stirring dust and wisps of hay .
this was no more than a large open shed with a loft , fragrantly dark and filled with hay and moving shapes .
we had brought large forage nets of dry hay from the beardsley farm ; he opened one of these and scattered feed for the horses and goats , then returned to me .
goat dung , horse manure , cut hay , the bitter smell of wood ash , and a good whiff of camphorated goose grease from jamie 's clothes - but nothing else .
` ` they 'll be fine here for a bit , '' he said , scattering the rest of the hay for them .
still , he was cold , tired , and hungry , and his harem was n't there to be impressed , so he suffered me to rub his head and scratch his ears , feed him wisps of hay , and - eventually - to step into his pen and run a light hand down his injured leg to check the splinting .
he knew that she did n't absolutely require him - not to make hay , to plow , to hunt for her .
heaps of fresh hay were stacked in the shadows at the sides of the barn ; the small bodies of children too wee to stay awake were draped and curled among them like so many barn kittens .
evidently so ; she was holding court on a hay bale , surrounded by four or five gawky boys , who were all behaving very much like the dancers round the cider tub .
evidently , most of those present were no great hand at the sport - the latest gentleman to try it had tripped over one of the swords and fallen flat ; he was being helped to his feet , red - faced and laughing , returning genial insults with his friends as they beat the hay and dirt from his clothes .
the younger people returned to the barn to dance - or to seek a bit of privacy among the hay bales - the older ones sat to talk of memories by the hearth , and those who had overindulged in dance or whisky curled up in any convenient corner - and quite a few inconvenient ones - to sleep .
another crowd - mostly men - was clustered round the paddock , where jocasta 's groom was throwing down hay for several horses .
i could hear small rustlings and stampings , and the contented noise of a horse champing hay close at hand .
joshua had come in quietly , through the other door , and was working at the far end of the stable , silhouetted against the light from the open double - doors as he pitchforked hay into the end stall .
jamie went to the railing and reached out a hand to scratch the ears of the big stallion , busily engaged in eating hay from his manger .
the side door was unbarred ; he pushed it open , and the warm scents of hay and sleeping animals rushed out .
the shape stirred , with a rustling of hay .
fence repair , hay hauling , a hasty excursion to the mill for the bags of flour needed to feed the regiment on the march .
we had hay and timber - though so did everyone else - and my honey and beeswax .
i canna come just yet awhile , but perhaps when the hay is in .
and so it was that a week later , the hay safely in and four sides of venison peacefully hanging in the smokehouse , we set off toward the treaty line , bent on exorcism .
christie had been following this list with close attention , like a barn owl keeping track of a rustling in the hay .
there were trees to be girdled and hay to be gathered ; not the field hay , but the small wild patches scattered through the hills that would yield an armload here , an armload there - enough to allow the keeping of an extra cow through the winter .
there were trees to be girdled and hay to be gathered ; not the field hay , but the small wild patches scattered through the hills that would yield an armload here , an armload there - enough to allow the keeping of an extra cow through the winter .
he dropped the ax under a tree , and bent to cut hay .
this was at once rougher but easier work , that involved grasping a clump of sprouting muhly or blue - stem with one hand , slicing the stalks near the root , and stuffing the handful of wild hay into the burlap sack he had brought .
the bag was almost full , and there was no more hay worth the cutting here .
kenny fetched them water from a small nearby creek , while roger stacked the hay and threw a forkful into the goats ' manger .
his sense of unease about christie persisted , and seized by a sudden impulse , roger leaned across the hay and grasped kenny by the hand , startling the older man considerably .
i leaned against the doorjamb , and crossed my arms , watching as he stamped to and fro , pitching hay in the moonlight , working off his temper .
moonlight streamed through the wide - open door , glowing dimly off the piled hay .
he smelt of gunpowder , hay , and manure , but i could n't say so , what with him muffling me .
` ` ira 's raised crops all these years , hay and grain , but i want to try something different .
or you could run more cattle and put the wheat ground into pasture or plant seed to cut for hay .
she was raised doing chores and cleaning hay out of her hair , not learning to charm people at cocktail parties .
that ate at his control , but he would n't grab her and haul her into an empty stall mounded with fresh hay .
the scent of hay reminded her of a high school hayride and making out with her teenaged boyfriend .
` ` yes , oklahoma , let 's hire a hay rack ride .
` ` it does sound like a hay ride , '' beth giggled .
the barn , though old , was well - maintained and smelled of hay and grain and horses .
at the far end a ladder led up to what looked like a hay loft .
' in the meantime there are stalls for your horses and hay and grain besides . '
while the men went to fetch hay , she and concha measured out a ration of grain for each horse .
' it looks like the hay loft tonight .
elena nodded and went to investigate the hay loft .
the air temperature had fallen too , and she shivered a little , missing her snug bed in the hay .
he 'd thought they were having fun and maybe were headed for a good no - strings - attached roll in the hay .
it smelled of gasoline and the hay that had once been stored here , but without the wind , it was definitely warmer than outside .
our shoes scuff through the hay , creating a hushed whisper as i walk her over to a large box with a bow on it .
for a second , i think maybe we should lie down right here in the hay , but i ' ve got a ring burning a hole in my pocket and the sun is working against me .
` ` cage was gon na help me with those hay bails those afternoon .
i need you nak*d , '' he said as he took the bottom of my dress and jerked it over my head and tossed it on the nearest hay bail .
he was loading bails of hay .
he turned around with a hay bail in his hands and stopped when his eyes met mine .
` ` morning , '' he said with a smile that made different parts of my body tingle before he walked over to the truck and tossed the hay back there .
he winked then went right back to get another bail of hay .
i ' m loading hay so i can haul it out there and spread it .
he said , walking toward me with more hay in his hands .
after he 'd tossed the hay into the truck , he walked over to stop only a couple of feet from me .
i told him about the hay , thinking he 'd had too much to drink when he called .
i watched as cage began to spread the hay and slapped one of the cows on the side to move it .
huwe of hay must know that niall would retaliate immediately , so it followed that he would have prepared for such an event .
` ` the hay will likely attack as soon as he thinks us well away .
the hay clansmen would be fighting against unknowing , unsworn templars , for niall , with his help , had trained them well .
the hay clansmen had made a fatal mistake by committing their thieving , raping , and murdering on land niall considered his own .
by threatening creag dhu , the hay now threatened the treasure - and he would die because of his foolishness .
that would be morvan , the hay 's ill - tempered , brutish elder son , and the spit of his father.morvan 's small , mean eyes were likewise locked on niall .
his men had worked as efficiently as he , and the hay clansmen who had been mounted were no longer astride their horses , but lay sprawled in the indignity of death , limbs exposed , their blood turning the sweet earth to mud .
then he and his thirteen remaining men charged to meet the hay clansmen who were on foot .
youngodar was dead , lying sprawled beneath the body of a hay clansman .
winter had cooled the hay 's raging blood feud with creag dhu ; over a month had passed without attack .
the day 's patrolling had not revealed the tracks of either man orhighland pony coming onto creag dhu land , but if the hay were determined enough , and sly enough , he could have sent in his men a day or more before the snow , and had them wait for their best opportunity .
hiding their mounts would be more difficult , and not even the hay was stupid enough to send out his men afoot .
at times the eyes on him belonged to a hay ; other times , he knew it wasshe .
the hay clansmen had planned well , skulking close and hiding until they could ambush those fewer in number than they , the whoreson cowards .
` ` huwe the hay . ''
huwe of hay would sleep until late morning , under the double influence of alcohol and seconal .
the hay stronghold was n't very strong anyway , from what she had seen .
a guard snoozed against a pile of hay , a small candle with a protective globe over it guttering by his side .
unlike the hay keep it was in excellent repair , with thick stone walls surrounding four huge towers .
she ached from head to foot , and her bottom was so sore she did n't think she would be able to climb back into the saddle even if huwe of hay suddenly appeared in front of her .
slowly grace chewed on the bread , which was of much better quality than that she 'd had at the hay keep .
later , when he had found his men and was well away from the hay keep , logic had returned .
she was n't a hay ; one look at her had told him that .
he would take his men and ride on the hay keep , take her from that pigsty , care for her , gently bring her to trust and respond to him again .
` ` tell me where ye ' ve been for two days , if ye left hay keep hard on my heels .
she tried to think where the most secure hiding place for the treasure would be ; creag dhu had a dungeon , much larger than the one at hay keep , but the dungeon was such an obvious choice she doubted it would be correct .
` ` the hay ! ''
for a split - second niall jerked his attention away from the hay clansman on the other end of his sword ; huwe was behind him , the other in front , and he had only one more second in which to keep huwe from splitting him from gullet to arse .
he was filled with a cold , merciless rage , that the hay filth had dared invade creag dhu , his home .
a hay clansman ran screaming at him from the left and he hurled the axe , burying it in the man 's chest .
there were hay women and children , too ; they would need what men survived .
he leaned over and set the goblet on the floor , and then he kissed her as he had not since the night she had freed him from the hay 's dungeon , as he had not even during those other kisses they had shared .
` ` or a flake of hay , '' jeb said .
` ` i never played basketball , but i ' ve tossed around plenty of hay . ''
` ` a flake of hay , then . ''
he was completely at home on the back of a horse or pitching hay into a stall , but he appeared ill at ease in a room filled with expensive wood paneling , thick carpeting and crystal chandeliers .
i do n't want you looking as if you just had a roll in the hay . ''
alex could n't smell fresh hay without remembering the feel of tyler 's soft , willing body and her muted cries of pleasure .
so maybe the night had meant nothing more to tyler than a champagne - flavored roll in the hay .
she 'd been the one to suggest the romp in the hay , which had told him she was n't some finicky city girl and she had self - confidence , besides .
they 'll go through again first thing in the morning , but they ' ve put down fresh straw everywhere and set out some fresh hay bales which can be used for seating . ''
` ` i can smell the hay from here . ''
a hay barn held the bales that supplied the ranch animals .
but the old barn was the only structure left of the original ranch buildings , and so the chance brothers threw some loose hay up in the loft every spring because their father had liked the picturesque way it looked .
as tyler followed him into the barn , the scent of fresh hay swirling around her was an aphrodisiac more tempting than she could have imagined .
the scent of oiled leather mixed with the aroma of hay .
there 's a nice bed of hay in there . ''
how about bringing in some hay bales and stacking them around in random places ? ''
true , she 'd asked for hay bales to absorb the echo .
she propped the pictures in the midst of the hay bales and then helped arrange lariats and saddle blankets .
as soon as the dog had disappeared , i saw savannah emerge from the barn with rectangles of hay clamped beneath her arms .
horses from the pasture began to canter toward her as she tossed the hay into various troughs .
in the barn , she separated a chunk of hay and then two more and handed them both to me .
the horse , occupied with his hay , obediently lifted his hoof .
beth murmured as they entered the tottering old building and spied the stable lad slumped in a comer against a bale of hay .
folding the note so i could see the words ' i love you ' and her name , i pressed it against my heart and laid back against the bale of hay .
women were a complication he tried to stay away from , except when he had a quick roll in the hay - or cave , with another of his kind who was equally allergic to relationships .
her pleasure in riding the winding roads through the rolling farmlands and roaring through the covered bridges and past silos , horse - drawn buggies , frolicking goats and stacks of hay bales could n't be more obvious or more contagious .
usually a bit hesitant , she did n't want aidan to think she 'd be a quick roll in the hay for a holiday affair .
a wry smile curved his mouth , and ryan wondered how long would it take before she tired of smelling hay , horse urine and manure .
i want them to talk to the grooms , trainers , the people who put up and repair fences , cut the grass , muck out the stables and bale hay .
they photographed kevin manning as he trained a horse , stable hands mucking out stalls , grooms brushing the hides of the horses to keep the coats free of eggs left by flies , men hauling bales of hay from the barn to the stables , more working to repair a fence to keep the horses from running away , and carl burton and his kitchen personnel .
the hay will be arriving tuesday .
one of the highlights for the kids - and thus a draw for the adults - was a maze built out of hay bales .
i got most of the halloween stuff set up today - jose and i built a great big maze out of hay bales , among other things - but a lot of people always show up .
` ` so friday night was nothing more than a roll in the hay for you ? ''
i was on a hayride ; the hay wagon was pulled by a pickup truck .
i do n't know what all she was doing , but paul forgot to pay attention to the road and ran off in a ditch and turned the hay wagon over .
a woman who can muck out a stall and then fall into the fresh hay and let me fall right on top of her .
` ` he swindled me on a hay baler , '' hank said .
` ` son , you really think if a man will swindle you on a hay baler , you can trust him with your kin ? ''
they 'd swing from the rafters of the barn on a rope and fall into a pile of hay , ride the horses , chase the goats .
she climbed up on the hay wagon and lay down in the sweet hay , looking up at the sky .
she climbed up on the hay wagon and lay down in the sweet hay , looking up at the sky .
she plopped back down on the hay , hoping to be invisible .
seconds later she felt the wagon move , heard it squeak and a large body flopped down next to her in the hay .
nathaniel lay facedown in the hay beside her .
she lay down in the hay beside him .
` ` you guys making out in the hay ? ''
` ` i 'll be fine , '' he said , facedown in the hay .
i 'd be shoveling hay and cow shit all summer instead of him .
` ` you ready to go bale some hay ? ''
` ` i ' m heading out to bale hay .
the familiar smell of hay and wood hit me as i turned to see if cage was still in here .
watching his back as he picked up hay bales and threw them over the fence was mouth - watering .
he bent over to grab a hay bale and stopped .
he moved a bale of hay aside and revealed a small trapdoor , just wide enough to allow his shoulders through , then pressed a button on the pager that released the electronic lock .
he closed the trapdoor , then replaced the bale of hay over it .
she 'd had her romp in the hay with one of the wealthiest bachelors in the country .
a roll in the hay might tip the scales in your favor . ''
that sounds as if you 're about to throw me down on a pile of hay and flip up my petticoats . ''
` ` we 'd have to find a pile of hay , though . ''
even without the hay and the petticoats . ''
in the years to come , she will forget the hardships of that journey , how her children 's feet blistered until they bled , how their food ran out , how they slept in hay barns like criminals , listening all night for air raids and falling bombs , how they woke in a panic , thinking they 'd been shot , feeling blindly for wounds that were not there .
beside them , a heavyset older woman leans against the bales of hay , looking at her dirty fingernails as if she 's never seen her own hands before .
` ` we are all we have left , '' she says , scooting back into her place amid the hay bales .
they crawl back into their bed of hay , which is neither soft nor sweet - smelling .
and grant 's sister was nice , but she was so uptight that she looked like she could use a few rounds in the hay with a much wilder guy .
he followed her in , his eyes adjusting to the dim light , his nose swamped with the musty , earthy smell of hay .
frankie guessed by feel that she was nearing her term , so she let isabella sleep in her hay , no doubt dreaming of the love of her life .
she scooped up grain and feed , poured fresh water in the trough , and fluffed his hay .
shifting in the hay bed he 'd made the night before , he squinted to see frankie at her milking station , already wringing the crap out of clementine 's titties .
brushing some hay out of his hair and off his jeans , he finally got up from the homemade bed , his real estate experience taking over his brain for a moment .
` ` that you would willingly choose to sleep on hay in a goat shelter when you are paying god knows what for this place . ''
he had to track the guy down and withdraw the offer and then go grovel in the hay and beg for- ` ` mr . becker !
remembering how nonno had handled the kid births when she was young , frankie had prepared a clean stall with a bed of short - cut hay so it was extra soft , and had all the does milked and dogs fed , making them stay outside while she watched isabella .
leaning against the wall , she tried to soothe isabella by petting her , but the goat bleated and dug at the hay , over and over again , until her hind legs folded under her .
the rest of a little brown goat plopped onto the hay , making both of them suck in a simultaneous breath .
the kid plopped onto the hay with a soft thud .
without a word , he pushed up , the only sound the soft whimper of isabella 's relief and the rustle of hay under his feet .
ozzie made a soft harrumph and flattened on the hay , every bit as broken and bereft as frankie .
i was just with joe and trying to lift hay bales .
not a roll in the hay , no matter how good .