just when she was about to give up and stop by the side of the trail , it leveled out and she entered a moderately sized meadow .
she grabbed her daypack and her map and darted off to a well - marked gap in the trees on the other side of the meadow .
to the east was a meadow that belonged to another spread .
his shoulders were broad and his arms looked like they could carry a woman where she belonged - in his bed - but the most stunning feature about him were his dark green eyes that reminded me of haunted woods covered in morning dew , and lush meadows .
as he lay back in the bed listening to the birds whistling in the branches that hung by the window he could imagine her running across the grassy meadows with the boys or picking the flowers that lined the winding pathways they 'd seen on the way here .
caleb led the way toward the meadow down by the creek .
walking hand in hand , daniel guided her around a natural spring , then through a field to a meadow that had wild flowers growing .
he could sense her nervousness , so daniel stopped in the middle of the meadow , and with both of his hands he held hers and pulled her towards him .
he was feeling completely relaxed until he found himself standing in the meadow , right where he 'd pulled katherine into his arms .
he left the meadow with his mood no longer light .
i 'd trade this for the view of the rolling meadow any day .
she had to get out of there because she was beginning to feel like she did that night in the meadow .
there is a beautiful meadow that holds a special meaning for both rosie and my son .
it was in the meadow on the farm .
` ` katherine , would you be willing to marry me in the meadow ?
the first stop was the meadow .
the memories of their first kiss , in this same meadow , did n't escape either one of them .
the driveway was expansive , meandering past meadows , a sparkling brook , and landscaped gardens with its own gazebos and pathways .
daisy glanced around holland springs meadows before sitting down on a bench under a leafy green tree .
summer , all alone in a meadow of spring flowers .
tula looked at the realistic scene of a forest , with a flower - strewn meadow stretching out into the distance .
it is surrounded by a hundred and ninety acre park teaming with deer , forests , lakes and meadows . '
a guard and gatehouse heralds the start of a long drive that winds through arable fields ringed with wild flower meadows .
teresa sucked air in through her nose in a disapproving sniff that was so loud , one of the horses in the meadow turned its head to investigate .
gina immediately turned away and started walking toward the horses in the meadow .
adam tore his gaze from the woman in the meadow , shook his head and looked at the older man beside him .
a cool wind brushed past him and almost without thinking about it , adam turned his head and thoughtfully looked at the meadow where gina torino was communing with her horses .
and rather than heading for his car , he surprised himself by heading toward the fenced meadow .
with the acres of trees , a wildflower strewn meadow boasting a fast - moving stream , angel weddings was fast becoming one of the hottest spots for a romantic setting in the state .
then she took him to the meadow and the fast moving creek to show him their most popular wedding scenes .
` ` dan 's got the umbrella tables set up in the meadow and the scarlet tablecloths mrs . miller stitched are at the gift shop in the back room . ''
they walked into the meadow and ivy stopped to look around .
ivy was running through the meadow , shouting directions to the crew that had stayed late to make the final arrangements for the wedding .
already , people were racing around under the soft shine of moonlight and the harsh glare of spotlights arranged around the meadow .
if that wind had been accompanied by a summer storm , the meadow would be a sea of mud and they 'd have had to come up with an alternate wedding site fast .
running across the meadow to join carol in reattaching the bows to the arch , ivy caught movement out of the corner of her eye .
when she took a better look , she recognized tanner , striding up the lane connecting the farm to the meadow .
under the pale moon , the meadow lay lovely and perfect , as if it had never been disturbed .
that night as she lay beside brenna , staring up at the stars , she tried not to think of the ugly siege tower that cast its ominous shadow across the meadow - the tower that would soon be moved into place against merrick keep 's ancient walls .
a few minutes later , they crested the hill , and whitney guided khan carefully down the steep slope where a small meadow was bordered by a wide brook that ran through the northern section of her father 's property .
dismounting , whitney looped khan 's reins around a sturdy oak , waited a minute to be certain that he would stand quietly , then patted his sleek neck and struck out across the meadow toward the stream .
angling his horse back into the trees , he descended through the woods toward the meadow below .
at the edge of the woods where the meadow sloped down to the stream , clayton drew up and dismounted , then walked over to lift whitney down from khan .
before they 'd left the farm , she 'd truly thought the whole wide world looked exactly like their own little patch of meadow and that hardly anyone existed beyond its boundaries .
the younger man called , and he was in hot pursuit , his horse 's hooves pounding closer and closer , and they were both laughing and flying across the meadow ... ` ` miss lancaster ! ''
... cotton fields , meadows , a wagon filled with goods , a little girl with red hair ... ` ` my papa calls me ' carrot ' because of my hair , but my name is sheridan .
flowers bloomed everywhere - in flower boxes and gardens where loving care was lavished upon them , and wild on the hills and in the meadows , tended only by mother nature .
and beneath a black velvet sky carpeted with stars , two elegantly garbed young women leaned against a cold stone wall and laughed with all the giddy , helpless delight of barefoot children racing across a meadow .
his deep voice ragged with unshed tears , jordan recited his proof : ` ` the flowers in the meadow are blue , '' he told her brokenly .
but even at this distance , they rivaled the summer meadows and emerald shores of his island put together .
` ` we 're ready to shoot , '' joe said , interrupting maddie 's thoughts of her and micah rolling around in the grassy meadow in front of them , sans clothes .
beaumont got to sit in comfort while his cast and crew slapped at bugs and waded through stickers in the meadow and the woods outside in the dark .
she watched him across the meadow as he ran his hand over his eyes .
they flew over wide open plains scattered with cattle and the occasional gaucho , then on to the first change in scenery as they swept over rich green meadows threaded with gushing streams not quite wide enough to be called rivers but impressive nonetheless .
madison 's room was done in pale pinks with a mural of a meadow littered with purple flowers and grazing horses .
she hung on every nuance as his eyes , now as verdant as castaldini 's meadows , as clear and jewel - like as its shores , roamed the enormous complex of buildings comprising the palace .
and in between ceiling and ground - the latter divided into areas that seemed to represent earth , reflecting pools for seas , sand for deserts , and grass for meadows - there were a dozen levels made of marble steps , slopes and platforms that seemed to represent mountains and valleys .
there were more round boxwoods down there , and beyond that nothing but wide green meadows stippled with fall - colored trees and the occasional tall thin shrub gage had seen in photos of italy .
but when he looked straight ahead , down past the barn , he saw a huge helicopter slowly descending on to a flat patch of green meadow .
he started barking and running toward the meadow beyond the barn , as if nothing out of the ordinary was happening .
and then , as if by magic , there emerged a pond with bright blue water , and beyond that a beautiful meadow .
barely breaking stride at the close call , he continued up the trail until he saw that the small meadow up ahead was burning .
he moved behind joseph and put his hands on his shoulders , scorching his palms on the heat of the thick fire - resistant fabric , pushing joseph in the direction of the trail , off the meadow .
slowly , he pushed back the shelter , closing his eyes against the ash raining from the charred trees surrounding the meadow .
joseph shot downhill through the meadow back to the trail at a pace that belied his years and mental wanderings .
joe radioed with news that he 'd found a meadow a half mile up from the cabin .
it was a steady slope to get from the valley to the meadow , but even pregnant , tammy did n't weigh much .
there was even a white house with a porch at the top of the meadow , which looked down on the land below .
even more surprising , there was a faded baby stroller at the entrance of one of the many huts that cropped up along the edges of the meadow where the tall trees began again .
there is plenty of room in the meadow for the two of you . ''
dianna compulsively cracked her knuckles as they headed out across the meadow to the spot in a circle of tall aspens where peter had instructed them to set up their tent .
a short while later , after pretty much running across the meadow with dianna in his arms , sam pounded on peter 's door .
we 'd reached the gargoyle door and i pushed it open to step out into the meadow that would connect us to the part of the forest where maggie lived in a tree called the ancient one .
` ` take a left , '' i said , pointing him in the direction of the infinity meadow .
garrett set me down on my feet when we arrived at the edge of the grassy meadow .
i sighed , imagining the infinity meadow in my mind so the door to it would appear for me .
chapter twenty i reached the meadow and sat under my mother 's tree , even though it was much colder there , being out of the sun in the deep shade .
` ` what brings you to the meadow ? ''
he was eating shit out in the meadow . ''
do you have any idea how much trouble a baby pixie can get into out in a meadow ? ''
but i decided to go hang out in the meadow while he was with the girls , and i met up with them then .
i asked , making my way to the door that would lead me back to the meadow .
i shook my head , grabbing onto the door handle leading to the infinity meadow .
` ` he said to wait for him and he 'd be back with your two meadow visitors .
as my eyes opened and let the light in , focusing on the space around us , i realized we were no longer out in the middle of a strange meadow .
` ` first to the meadow where i met garrett and shayla , then to the overworld . ''
we reached the door leading to the meadow , and i pushed it open .
we reached the meadow where my mom 's tree was growing strong .
i ' m out in the meadow !
he quickly faded out to a bright light and then nothing , leaving spike and i alone in the meadow .
one second i was standing in the meadow with the sounds dying down , and the next , i felt myself separated from the ground and thrown through the air , the sound of rushing wind , water , and energy going past my ears at a furious pace .
the ground under my back was soft , and the smell of a meadow teeming with flowers filled my nose .
my legs slowly left the meadow 's grasses , as i became weightless , lifted up into the sky .
chapter one chase and i hovered over a blindingly beautiful meadow before coming down for a soft landing next to beau and spike .
away from that meadow seems as good an idea as anything else at this point . ''
a light breeze was blowing through the trees , pushing the clouds overhead faster than the ones we 'd seen over the meadow .
after about an hour of kicking through leaves and climbing over dead wood , we finally made it back to the meadow where spike and i had landed .
i felt myself yanked into the cold of the gray and then dumped unceremoniously onto my back into the infinity meadow of the here and now .
` ` as long as it takes me to leave the compound and get to the infinity meadow . ''
they jogged down the hallway with me , not stopping until we got to the door leading to the infinity meadow .
i ' m going to stand out in the meadow , tap into the green , and send out a signal that 'll go through the whole forest .
it was no longer just the three of us in the meadow .
i ' m in the infinity meadow .
` ` and i 'll just tell you right now that if you guess you 're out in the meadow under your mother 's tree , you 'll be correct . ''
guess that you 're outside in the meadow under your mother 's tree . ''
they ' ve done their best to heal you here in the meadow , but until that blade 's out , you 're not going anywhere . ''
it was then that i finally realized that i was still pinned to the meadow like a butterfly in a display case .
just get me fed and to the meadow , and i 'll take it from there . ''
spike took us on a circuitous route he guaranteed would avoid any fae trying to look for us , and we arrived at the infinity meadow to the spot under my mom 's tree in good enough time that i was n't feeling totally anxious .
send me out so i can meet you in the meadow . ''
as soon as i saw him fly out , i fell back myself with arms outstretched and my eyes closed , yelling , ` ` send me to the meadow ! ''
but then it blinked out of existence and was just part of the meadow again .
i saw the veil move to the side a bit and caught flashes of the meadow beyond .
in the underworld , it was the darker forest , since everything seemed to have that taint on it , even the meadows that should have been sunny , pretty places .
and no wonder ... the meadow had never been so full of flowers and the green forest so covered in fresh leaves and new growth .
he flew out of the room before i could respond , probably to yell at one of the thousand pixies who were there to help organize the meadow .
it was just a tiny bit early in the year for the meadow to be this colorful , but we had to hurry it forward a little bit .
` ` busy working with the pixies and stuff out in the meadow , '' answered scrum .
the last several months of training and working with the council and guardians to get everything back to the way it was supposed to be and heal the veil between the realms had been exhausting work - exhilarating , too , but i was ready for a little r and r. we reached the door and stepped out , just inside the trees that surrounded the meadow .
when she was ready , i took her by the hand and led her out into the meadow .
soon the meadow was filled with thunderous applause .
i ran to the edge of the forest on the other side of the meadow , following a sense i had that something was happening , something that needed my attention .
i turned to go , noticing spike waiting for me at the edge of the meadow .
i could see it already , a vision coming through my mind and warming my heart as we walked back to join our family - spike holding my hands in a beautifully - flowered meadow and standing under the oak where my mother had been laid to rest , telling the fae world he wanted to be with me forever .
in the far distance , she glimpsed several pairs of people walking in a lush green meadow , one of the pair always wearing white .
perhaps james noticed her anxiety over that fact , because he patted her shoulder kindly , his gaze transferring to the windows overlooking the meadow .
james and three other attendants started for the door that led to the meadow in order to assist ian .
he 'd combined his exercise with a search in the property 's many lanes , meadows , and woods , but kam reardon 's place of residence continued to elude him .
* * * * ` ` 4591 spruce meadow lane , '' beth muttered , her blue eyes widening as she pulled her ancient sunfire up to the tall - at least eight feet in height - wrought iron security fence and lowered her window to press the buzzer for admittance .
it had a stone chimney , flower boxes filled with hyacinths under the arched windows , and a door of knotty wood , and it was sitting in the middle of a meadow to boot .
that cottage , the meadow , her laughter , the smile on her face - it was like the dream had come to life before my very eyes .
he gave the windows that overlooked a small meadow a cursory glance before tracking chassie to the master bath .
i can almost taste the salty brine of the ocean and see the heather blowing in the meadow breeze , me laddies . ''
a wide meadow stretched to a line of trees .
chapter fifteen ` ` aunt , i am in need of a potion , '' fenris said without preamble , upon stepping into the small meadow in the forest on the other side of the lake .
thus , did he find himself back in the meadow with his aunt soon after the time of the year when the sun grew lazy and chose to stay rested in the sky .
` ` the eve of the fight , my father lay in a nearby meadow with his men , and they all fell asleep as the quarter moon did rise .
not coincidentally , every wolf but she and fenris , was pretty drunk when they all spilled from their house to the meadow between the lake and the forest right before the moon was set to rise .
they were in a summer meadow with no sign of the dolophoni to be had .
elated over it , she snapped her fingers and pulled them away from the storm into a quiet meadow .
she was in a quiet meadow ... the one she 'd played in as a girl .
she saw ren and coyote in a meadow , where they were fighting just like now .
but before they could begin the ceremony that would join them together , the keeper appeared in the middle of the meadow .
lowering herself into the shadows , lydia followed it to a small sinister meadow .
` ` in artemis 's meadow . ''
she found him standing in a meadow .
she sat down in the middle of her summer meadow with beautiful jewel - toned butterflies all around her .
moving like a shadow , silent as death , lothaire placed his sword against kristoff 's neck , ` ` hello , brother ... ... '' prologue deep within the alps , mortal realm roughly five centuries ago crawling along a meadow on her hands and knees , lanthe scoured the grass for berries or dandelions - anything to dull her hunger pangs as her stomach seemed to gnaw on itself .
so lanthe waited in this meadow , her favorite spot below the high mountain abbey where she lived with sabine and her parents .
i walk leagues to get to this meadow . ''
every day i wish i 'd never been in that meadow when you flew over . ''
the next morning , when curiosity had driven her back to the meadow , she 'd found it littered with piles of berries .
he 'd been horror - struck , had n't come back to the meadow for three days .
he remembered a day when melanthe had n't come to the meadow .
the last time he 'd experienced that for himself had been on their final day in the meadow .
each day , he 'd gone from the dour skye to that meadow , to levity and play .
when they 'd been young , they would lie in the meadow together , peering up at clouds to identify shapes .
like how much fun we used to have playing in that meadow together . ''
in the lake by their meadow .
` ` tell my sister i love her '' -she swiped at her eyes- '' and f - for what it 's worth , those months in the meadow ...
he tickled her , chasing her around the meadow while she squealed with laughter .
so long ago , when he 'd finally returned to their meadow , his eyes had told her , i ' ve been pretty much lost without you .
` ` when we were children , we made big plans in that meadow , expecting every happiness to follow .
in their childhood meadow , thronos had tickled lanthe , teasing her , ` ` you like me far better than gold . ''
he could remember a meadow in the alps of the mortal realm , where he 'd played as a boy - but he could n't recall what he 'd been doing ten nights ago .
he held out his hand ; she took it , and together they crossed the meadow , heading for a copse of trees at the edge of the east meadow that only shadowhunters seemed to know about .
he held out his hand ; she took it , and together they crossed the meadow , heading for a copse of trees at the edge of the east meadow that only shadowhunters seemed to know about .
the trees lining the meadow had put on their brightest colors and circled the green in blazing gold , red , copper , and russet orange .
simon trudged alone up the low rise of the hill , hearing the shouts of the frisbee players in the sheep meadow behind him , like distant music .
the southwest part of the long meadow in prospect park was deserted at night .
` ` they grow up high , in the meadows . ''
i felt the lightest peck on my forehead just before i drifted off , meadows and children 's laughter replacing the image of caden 's burning eyes .
it was so calming , so soft , caressing my cheek , reminding me of meadows and children 's laughter ...
standing out on that balcony of my new home , overlooking kittens running in the meadow , i felt a degree of comfort that i had yet to experience .
my hand falters on the first page - a candid color photo of charlie coming out of the gym , her hair pulled back in a ponytail , her face clear of makeup , her eyes shining like a meadow of violets in the sunlight .
the meadow behind the house was mowed and smooth .
through the gap in the wall can be seen a large green meadow ; beyond the meadow , a stream ; and beyond the stream there are trees .
through the gap in the wall can be seen a large green meadow ; beyond the meadow , a stream ; and beyond the stream there are trees .
although it is perfectly good meadowland , none of the villagers has ever grazed animals on the meadow on the other side of the wall .
their main function is to prevent the town 's children from going through the opening , into the meadow and beyond .
the guard is relaxed once every nine years , on may day , when a fair comes to the meadow .
he had an easy smile , which illuminated his face from within , and he dreamed , when he daydreamed in his father 's meadow , of leaving the village of wall and all its unpredictable charm , and going to london , or edinburgh , or dublin , or some great town where nothing was dependent on which way the wind was blowing .
figures and shadows moved in the trees at the edge of the meadow .
` ` and the strangers would retreat a little way , and stare through the break in the wall at the unassuming meadow beyond it , at the unexceptional trees that dotted the meadow , at the rather dull forest behind it .
` ` and the strangers would retreat a little way , and stare through the break in the wall at the unassuming meadow beyond it , at the unexceptional trees that dotted the meadow , at the rather dull forest behind it .
she left me a kite , as a thank you , and i flew it from the meadow until one day it snapped its string and flew away into the sky . ''
they walked down from the village to the forest beneath it , and they walked the whole way past the thorn family farm ( where the gentleman in the top hat was startled by a cow , sleeping in the meadow , which snorted as it dreamed ) until they reached dunstan 's cottage .
` ` they walked across the meadow , toward the tents .
for every nine years , the folk from beyond the wall and over the hill set up their stalls , and for a day and a night the meadow played host to the faerie market ; and there was , for one day and one night in nine years , commerce between the nations .
through the gap and into the meadow , and that night , for the first time in his life , dunstan entertained thoughts of continuing on through the meadow , of crossing the stream and vanishing into the trees on its far side .
through the gap and into the meadow , and that night , for the first time in his life , dunstan entertained thoughts of continuing on through the meadow , of crossing the stream and vanishing into the trees on its far side .
around them animals were stirring : horses stamped , birds began , waking , to sing the dawn in , and here and there across the market meadow , those in the tents were beginning to rise and move .
if he 'd but settle down , why thorney was saying he 'd settle all the westward meadows on the lad . ` ` mrs .
behind them , their fathers discussed the plans for the farmhouse they would build for the newlyweds in the western meadow .
he stumbled , breathless and torn , into the kitchen of the house on westward meadows .
tristran walked through the gap , with the stone wall on each side of him , into the meadow on the other side of the wall .
in a rolling meadow , beneath an oak tree , the unicorn came to a skittish halt and would go no further .
tristran dismounted , and landed with a bump on the grass of the meadow .
the unicorn shook its mane , then began to crop the grass of the meadow contentedly .
he walked back to the meadow where he had left them , munching on a piece of the fruit , which was juicy , and chewy and quite sweet .
` ` he shall be transformed back at the market meadow , so shall regain his own form before he comes to wall .
madame semele reined in her mules in the meadow , where her stall would be .
there were other market - folk and visitors setting up their stalls all over the meadow , putting up tents and hanging draperies from trees .
she carried it out into the meadow and put it down on a hillock of grass .
` ` they walked together through the meadow , toward the gap in the wall .
the sun was huge and red behind the rooftops of wall when tristran and yvaine crossed the meadow and looked down on the gap in the wall .
the men had their backs to tristran and yvaine , and were resolutely facing the village as if they thought it sinful to observe the preparations occurring in the meadow behind them .
then he said , as one talks to an idiot , ` ` and if you are tristran thorn - which i ' m only conceding for the sake of argument here , for you look nothing like him , and you talk little enough like him either - in all the years you lived here , how many people came through the wall from the meadow side ? ''
then he turned , without a word , and together they walked back up the slope of the meadow .
` ` an april breeze ran across the meadow , stirring the bushes and the trees in one long chilly sigh .
he pulled on his boots , washed his face and rinsed out his mouth in the meadow stream , and then ran pell - mell through the meadow , toward the village .
he pulled on his boots , washed his face and rinsed out his mouth in the meadow stream , and then ran pell - mell through the meadow , toward the village .
standing between them was a young lady with her back to the meadow .
` ` the star is back in the meadow , though , right now .
the two thorns climbed over a stile into one of dunstan 's fields , and , as they walked through the meadow in which he had played as a boy , tristran raised the matter that had been vexing him , which was the question of his birth .
in front of them , across the meadow , on the other side of the gap in the wall , now guardless , was the town of wall .
you wo n't even get through the meadow in those . ''
he was spared the task of making conversation as they crossed the damp meadow .
we have since learned to keep the meadow as a buffer , making my - ah ... the woods into an island of sorts .
blinking , lilly picked her way back to the open meadow .
the tightening in my gut eased as jenks flew up , a veritable cloud of pretty dresses and flashing wings left hovering forlornly over the meadow .
elven magic stirred , rising like fog in a dusky meadow , tingling and heavy .
actually the body had a distinctive meadow scent under all the decaying blood , and i wondered if that was part of the faun thing that it had going .
` ` once you get past the meadow . ''
` ` your line appears fine , '' he said , then strode into the meadow for a closer look .
immediately the sensation of gritty wind strengthened as the clean , moist heat of the summer meadow was entirely replaced by the sucking heat of the desert .
he sighed when he sat down on the couch , smelling of soap and meadow and spiced wine .
fields of green grass , and meadows rich with dewy flowers .
the otherworldly blue of her eyes glistened like melting ice in the summer sun , an image made all the stronger because of her new morning - meadow scent .
the dewy scent of roses suddenly saturated the air , thick and lush and so unexpected in the late - winter night that reyes would have sworn he 'd been transported to a spring meadow .
he saw a sky of the brightest azure , a lush green meadow , untouched by time .
once again she saw her little sister 's cherubic face , smiling back at her as they raced through a lush meadow .
ambrosia was harvested in special meadows elsewhere in the heavens , as far from this dark realm as the moon was from the earth .
then , maybe after , i 'll write some colorful poetry about a fluffy cloud and go frolicking g*yly in the meadow with the baby animals .
we were in a narrow meadow .
it swept around a shallow corner , so i could n't see what lay beyond us , but when the trees formed a neat row again , the view was as picturesque as the meadow .
the cliff was high enough to look right over the top of the house and down into the hollow with the meadow at its bottom .
and whether i liked it or not , it was a part of her shadow no pretty meadow or prince could rid me of .
her hair holds the scent of vanilla and flowers , a country meadow blinks through my mind like some long forgotten dream that i struggle to remember .
he turns page after page of me by a window , me by the pool , in the meadow bathed in sunlight with a wreath of flowers in my hair .
i ' m going to marry wes and have an entire tribe of dark - haired boys with eyes the color of a spring meadow , and you 're going to envy me because you accidentally got stuck with my brother . ''
but in minutes gage and i will be perfuming the air with our love - an entire spring meadow , chocolate and strawberries , aloe and tropical sunsets .
it smells like heaven , fresh as a spring meadow with the sweet scent of lilacs prominent in the air .
ellis pulls me in with his free hand , and we crawl into an alcove that faces the meadow below .
my world once had everything - powder blue skies , starry nights lit up like a pirate 's treasure , and wide open meadows i 'd run through while taking in vats of fresh north carolina air .
holt holds the scent of a country meadow , earthy and raw .
it 's partially covered , with a hanging swing on one side and a picnic table on the other and looks out over a large meadow where cattle are grazing .
there 's a beautiful meadow with tall green grass .
` ` my feet do n't hurt , they 're just too expensive to ruin in the grass , '' i reply absentmindedly , and keep my eyes on the meadow , mentally measuring the space .
chapter 28 nastya the party at jen meadows ' house is lame and we know when we get there that we probably wo n't stay .
` ` why on earth would someone run on a machine and not through a meadow ... or run at all unless they had to which would not be a positive happenstance ? ''
he danced with you in the meadow , he saved your life . ''
to think , all it took was a dance in the meadow with a goddess to restore him to his normal humor .
` ` i imagine you mean , here in this meadow , watching you ? ''
two beacons of society had fallen because of the curse , and now he was in the middle of nowhere trying to woo a woman who danced alone in meadows !
they had n't danced together since the time in the meadow .
` ` get a meadow , '' jamie muttered .
leah meadows .
` ` leah meadows . ''
she was no longer naked and she was standing upright instead of being sprawled on her kitchen floor , but there was no mistaking that it was leah meadows .
ducking to avoid the arrow that whizzed past his face , he darted to the side to grab the heavy chain that was coiled in the back of the jeep they 'd taken to the edge of the large meadow .
golden sunshine bathed the remote meadow in a brilliant afternoon light , the faint breeze spiced by the scent of wildflowers .
glaring toward the target set across the open meadow , jocelyn grimaced at the low words .
covertly glancing from beneath her lashes , jocelyn regarded the elegant bronze features of lucien as he sat beside her on the cover he had spread upon the ground in the pretty meadow .
his chuckle echoed through the peaceful meadow .
chapter 6 although the unusual heat continued to blanket london , there was a pleasant breeze to be discovered in the lovely meadow that gideon had discovered well outside of the city .
she demanded as they turned onto the side path that led to the meadow where they had so recently shared their picnic .
pulling her arm through his own he led her across the lovely meadow , his features tight with inner emotion .
sensing her tension , he studied the meadow dotted with wildflowers and the shallow stream that wound a lazy path through the grass .
she tried to imagine a beautiful waterfall , a peaceful meadow , the sound of whales ( whatever the hell they sounded like ) .
she caught the distant scent of a dew fairy and the even more distant scent of a hellhound prowling through a dumpster , but nothing leaped out to eat her , so putting down her head , she called upon her considerable powers and plunged through the fields and meadows with a speed only a vampire could match .
then , with a brief prayer her luck would hold , she headed across the recently planted fields and cow - filled meadows , aimlessly headed in a northwest direction .
it was n't the cartoon version of a fey meadow with unicorns and rainbows , but there was a tiny stream that cut through the lush grass and clumps of wild flowers that added splashes of color .
chapter 9 jaelyn stumbled out of the portal and into the large meadow with the grace of a drunken harpy .
although they were currently surrounded by open meadows on one side and cornfields on the other , she easily sensed the press of humanity that marked chicago .
pacing through the meadow , he absently gathered handfuls of blackberries that were just ripening as well a few of the more tender leaves that he dipped in fresh honey .
instead , he was pacing the meadow and imagining a dozen different scenarios , all of which included jaelyn injured or captured or ... a frigid chill swept through the air , sending a flood of sharp relief through his body , closely followed by a ready male response to the potent womanly scent that filled his senses .
he turned to watch as she stepped into the meadow , his heart squeezing at the mere sight of her .
entering the woods that lined the edge of the meadow , ariyal briefly halted as he caught the unmistakable stench of cur .
clutching the offensive garment in one hand , and his sword and scabbard in the other , he marched out of the woods and across the meadow , finding jaelyn and levet resting beneath the large oak tree .
then , as he met ariyal 's dark glare , he gave a frustrated flutter of his wings and headed across the meadow .
he had managed to follow tearloch 's portal to this spot , but once he 'd landed in the meadow he 'd realized that his connection to his tribesman was muted , making it impossible to pinpoint his exact location .
on cue the tiny demon charged across the meadow , his wings flapping and his short legs churning as he attempted to outrun the dark shapes that were following behind him .
he kicked the nearest zombie , sending it flying halfway across the meadow .
once clear of the encroaching circle , she tossed aside the nasty corpse and flew with blinding speed across the meadow .
biting back his groan of pain , ariyal pushed away from the tree and scanned the seemingly empty meadow .
ariyal tilted back his head to draw in a deep breath , sorting through the various scents that filled the meadow .
all rushing away to leave them alone and isolated in the meadow .
his stark words rang through the meadow , and just for a second jaelyn 's expression softened with understanding .
` ` i ' m going , i ' m going , '' she growled , stepping around the tiny demon to stomp across the meadow .
he had walked away from jaelyn in the meadow , determined to leave her behind .
` ` i had no means to follow the curs so i returned to the meadow and managed to track jaelyn to these caves . ''
perched on a bluff that overlooked the mississippi river , it was surrounded by acres of meadows filled with wildflowers and patches of woods that were as necessary to fey as plenty of fresh air to breathe .
stoically , she watched the overgrown meadows being replaced by well - manicured fields , the road widening to a paved street that eventually became a four - lane highway .
` ` then you will lead the curs and the witch to this meadow . ''
they both stood in the center of a meadow not far from the tunnels where the wizard was hidden .
` ` yes , '' she agreed , clenching her teeth as he cut through an overgrown meadow to halt near an abandoned schoolhouse .
northern arkansas santiago had used up most of the swear words he 'd learned during his considerably long life as he crawled through yet another mud - filled sinkhole that at last led to a hidden meadow .
indifferent to his strange litany , nefri led him out of the sinkhole and straight across the meadow , the clinging mud flaking off her jeans and sweater to leave her looking as fresh as a f**king daisy .
` ` if you 're lost you can just admit it , '' he muttered as she at last came to a halt in front of a dead tree that somehow managed to stay upright in the center of the meadow .
he glanced around the empty meadow .
when lightning did n't strike him down , he began to lower his sword , his puzzled gaze searching the meadow .
he held on to nefri as baine offered a last mocking wave and the throne room faded to be replaced by the rolling meadow and large tree that was no longer split in two .
they 'd left the meadow and were traveling down the narrow path when levet returned to his previous question .
and then ... then she was standing in this meadow that was filled with buttercups and daisies and tiger lilies along with lilac bushes to add to the dazzling display .
sally abruptly turned her head to glance over the meadow filled with fragrant flowers and fluttering butterflies .
he lifted a hand to wave it toward the sun - filled meadow .
the charming meadow began to fade around the edges , as if it was collapsing on itself .
he was as beautiful as he 'd been in the meadow with his golden hair spilling over the ground and his pale features so perfect they might have been carved in marble .
he was once again the godlike creature from the meadow .
it was as if a tiny meadow had just appeared in the center of her room .
i knew i was miles away from hunter territory now and i looked up and discovered i was in the middle of a meadow , not quite certain where i was or how i was going to get out of there .
i felt my chest tense up as she entered the moonlit meadow .
placing her arm through mine , i led her through the meadow .
my legs ran closer and closer toward a crater that had opened up at the end of the meadow .
driving up the lane , she went through a wooded expanse that soon opened to a stretch of meadows that was intersected by dark rail fences .
the first light of dawn was coming across the meadow in all its peach - hued glory but she did n't pause to savor the majesty of the morning .
by the time devlin came back upstairs , she 'd turned off the light and was lying on her side , looking out at the moon - drenched meadow behind the farmhouse .
eddie began to recede like he was a statue on a rolling platform , his still body drawn backward through the milling crowd , that smell of a fresh meadow going with him .
in the far distance , on the other side of the meadow , a car turned in from the main road and started on the lane that went past the farmhouse .
off in the distance , a truck traveled over the road on the far side of the meadow , going at a steady pace .
fair enough- just as he turned around , another vehicle came into view on the opposite side of the meadow .
just as the animal trotted back and jim started walking him back up the staircase , a car came tearing along the main road at the far side of the meadow , going at a dead run and skidding onto the lane that led to the garage 's front door .
the land that the thing was on covered some twenty - five acres , a ragged meadow running out in all directions to a thin tree line .
closing his eyes , he let his body take over , the need for sleep canceling everything out , erasing even the fact that sissy was pissed off down the hall , and adrian was somewhere in the house no doubt aching from the sacrifices he himself had made , and eddie was still lying in state , smelling as beautiful as a spring meadow .
if the glade company ever did an air freshener like this , it would be called something like meadow of old money .
when he was sure he had been left , he sent his molecules likewise unto the cold gusts , venturing forth to the north , to a meadow that was covered in snow .
closing his eyes , he wished he could go back to that night when zypher had taken him out to the meadow and throe , under the guise of saving him , had condemned him to a kind of walking death .
she found the meadow she sought many miles away from the compound .
it had been a kind of madness since the beginning with her - e'er since he had been brought to her under the maple in that meadow , e'er since he had been given her wrist and taken from her wellspring , he had been infected with an illness .
but all he could think about was the female who was out in a meadow , hopefully bundled against the winter elements , waiting for him .
ghosting off to the north , he scattered himself upon the wind ... and re - formed at the base of their meadow .
those words haunted her as she disappeared from the meadow ... and found her way back to the mansion 's front entrance .
dematerializing off the back terrace , she traveled to the meadow she was becoming so familiar with and re - formed at the base of the maple tree .
and note carefully the expanse of snow - covered meadow .
this time i was in a meadow and there were blue butterflies flying around saying my name , ` ` lexi , lexi , lexi . ''
go and lie in a meadow and stare at the sky .
sheep meadow .
on the top half of the door was a beautiful meadow , with tiny flowers carved into the wood and trees on either side .
a layer of earth separated the meadow from a dark river that flowed underneath , and beside it there was a delicate garden .
` ` the clearing 's just up here , '' she said , and peering through the trees , i saw it - a meadow about the size of my bedroom .
we were still in central park , but for the first time since my dreams had begun , we were n't in sheep meadow .
what had once been main street in eden was now a dirt road surrounded by trees on either side , and the spot where eden high school had stood was nothing more than a meadow .
unlike me , '' she added , skipping across a few feet of meadow .
sometimes , but i prefer the meadow .
the farther from ingrid she got , the dimmer the meadow became , until calliope was surrounded by rock - the real face of the underworld now that there was n't a dead soul around to inf luence its appearance .
on the top half was a beautiful meadow , and somehow the artist had managed to create sunlight in the wood .
she was tiny , and despite the sun shining down into the lush meadow , her skin was alabaster .
with a huff , i stepped past the edge of the trees and walked through the meadow , making a point of stepping around the f lowers .
the breeze blew through the meadow , and when i took a deep breath , the smell of freesia f illed me , but i was too far gone to care .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' she said , her voice echoing through the meadow .
` ` let 's go , '' said persephone , and she trudged through the meadow , slinging a canvas satchel over her shoulder .
the forest around us melted away , replaced by a meadow full of f lowers , but i was too panicked to investigate .
my heart pounded , and my f ingers curled around the cold stone as the meadow around me started to spin .
sheep 's meadow in central park , the exact spot i 'd met with my mother every night i 'd spent in eden .
as i knelt beside her to pet the tame fawn , persephone 's forest melted into ingrid 's meadow of candy flowers .
because ingrid lingered by my side , i saw the meadow in front of me , but every time one of the other girls edged closer , the background shifted into their afterlives instead .
jogging through the meadow , kennedy cleared the railroad tracks and entered the woods .
they reached the edge of the meadow , where moonlight made it easier to see , especially in contrast to the darker woods .
i stood in a meadow full of purple flowers that danced in the breeze , and it was warm despite the late hour of wherever it was i 'd landed .
a moment later , the breeze picked up again , and i sensed a second presence in the meadow .
he 'd said little all morning , and as we arrived in a cool meadow , he was silent .
one moment i stood alone in the middle of the meadow , and the next i barreled straight into her open arms .
the air changed once we reached the meadow , cooler now that the forest canopy was n't above us .
even hades eventually adjusted , and i no longer saw pain in his eyes when he met me in the meadow every autumn .
* * * on the morning of the spring equinox , hades dropped me off in the meadow as he 'd done thousands of times before .
he remained stoic as i walked across the meadow , and a knot of guilt formed in the pit of my stomach .
hades greeted me in the meadow as always , but rather than a smile and a kiss on the cheek , he simply nodded coldly and took my hand without a word .
the warm sunshine hit his face as he appeared in sheep meadow , and at his feet , cerberus shook off the underworld gloom .
she was always bringing flowers into the house , not just from our formal garden , but from the meadows as well .
bluebells were her favorite flower , and there was an entire meadow of them behind the keep one spring .
just before noon , the goat track we have been following opens up onto a small meadow .
on the far side of the meadow lies the main road , and on the other side of that is the forest .
i glance behind us , but we have crossed over half the meadow and the shelter of the trees is too far away .
the true story - the one we learn here at the convent - is that death came upon amourna and her twin sister , arduinna , in a meadow , and that he was instantly taken with amourna 's loveliness .
the ash meadow alpha , the alpha from flint creek , shay - none of them would have let a female live on the edges of their territories .
meadows , meadows ... who the hell was meadows ?
meadows , meadows ... who the hell was meadows ?
meadows , meadows ... who the hell was meadows ?
mark meadows , officially the mercenary guild admin , and unofficially the operations manager .
the road from the lake front into the town of sequence springs passed through a stand of trees and then through a wide meadow .
in the pretty , sunlit space they stood out like a couple of old west gunslingers traversing a flowered meadow .
we raced back , legs pounding the earth , arms pumping , and were just coming up to the last rise , a small bald cap of meadow .
in the meadow long ago , he remembered her choice ... .
arriving at the meadow , he stopped as pain grabbed hold of his heart and squeezed .
he ripped his gaze away from her face and ran toward the lovers embraced across the meadow .
and worse yet , when lady harding twisted his head to the side , she faced him toward the traitorous pair across the meadow .
long walks in the meadow .
one day , elijah and amelia were alone in the meadow and we walked upon amelia and elijah , entwined in the grass . ''
staring off into space , she wondered what had happened in the meadow after isaac had lost consciousness .
she wondered if elijah and isaac had felt this way that day in the meadow while louisa had ruined them all .
it was a meadow we often visited . ''
mountains reaching to the skies , snowcaps burnished by the sun , meadows of grass so green it makes you weep , and packed with wildflowers in every color .
my garden is designed to run right into the meadows , so it 's as though i step into paradise every time i walk out my door .
wolves preferred wide meadows , where they could run , or the quiet of woods that flowed for miles .
the texas state flower , its lupine - like stalks thrusting up toward the sunlight , made the meadow almost shimmer blue .
he then searched his guy for a cell phone , switched it off , and threw it as hard as he could into the meadow .
bradley ushered maria into a room that faced the rear of the house , its window overlooking a meadow studded with bluebonnets , which were bursting into full spring ecstasy .
louisa looked down the sloping meadow from mrs . leigh - waters ' richmond house to watch the hon .
fellows looked up at the giant brick house trimmed in white , strategically positioned for a view to the river at the bottom of a meadow .
but the person louisa glimpsed made certain to escape on the side of the tent facing the empty meadow , so we 're not surprised no one saw him . ''
the four young men behind the ladies were those she 'd played tag with in the meadows of kent and danced with after her come out .
he was the one who found them dead in the meadow .
it caught the girl in mid - leap , and for a moment lark flew , weightless , eyes opened wide , mouth opened in a horrified o , face chalk pale , just like the child in a meadow full of dandelions years ago ...
they stood at the edge of a narrow meadow .
she smelled clean like a mountain meadow , and her underlying scent was warm with wanting .
they were only short miles from the desert floor , but the mountain climate was alpine - cool summers , snowbound winters , vast pine forests that opened into surprising meadows of flowers in the springtime .
he might be lying in a meadow studying the way a horse gallops , or he might have climbed to the top of a church tower to paint the view .
isabella 's eyes softened , becoming the shade of a misty scottish meadow .
two flowers on a scottish meadow .
the guests were still clumped on the west side to watch pyrotechnics that blasted over the meadow beyond .
ainsley wanted to step to him , to absorb more of his heat against the chill wind that cut across the meadow .
` ` say you will or i 'll have my coachman stop , and i 'll put you out into a scottish meadow in your combinations . ''
eleanor 's skirts fell - she 'd donned no bustle to wander the rainy meadow this morning .
` ` the mcgregors could have crossed the river and hidden in the meadows beyond without anyone realizing . ''
he 'd wanted to lay her down in that meadow and show her what it meant that they were man and woman .
ye fill this with flowers from yon meadow , and she 'll be baking ye oatcakes in no time . ''
the place elliot had found was a hidden meadow , surrounded by thick trees .
heather swayed across the meadow , rippling purple , interspersed with tiny white and gold flowers to make the place seem to sparkle .
the windows of both overlooked a slope of ground down to the canal at the base of a meadow .
daniel navigated medusa along a meadow path until they reached a little copse under the ledge of a hill .
for a moment she was calmed by the thought that this could be anywhere - any old meadow in any old town , the kind of place where dogs run in circles and kids fly kites and flowers grow each spring - but then a face seemed to materialize out of the fog , a metal statue of a soldier gazing impassively over the site of his own death , his horse frozen beneath him , his gun forever at the ready .
it was like he 'd been born a blue flower in a field full of red ones and had only now been plunked down in a meadow so blue it might as well have been the ocean .
i walked through the meadow , adding flowers to the growing pile in my basket .
the airplane was outside in the breeze scented with meadow flowers .
i wondered whether brian meant the time i could n't get my ankle untied from julie meadows 's ankle after the three - legged race in pe , or the time todd pemberton trapped me between floors in the handicapped elevator .
on the other hand , most girls my age , like tiffany and julie meadows and lashonda smith , were sitting in algebra class at that very moment , humming pop songs and memorizing the pythagorean theorem while i was expiring in a stranger 's shrubbery .
her skin was like fine alabaster , her eyes as green as the meadows of scotland .
she felt the brush of his mind against hers and the next thing she knew , they were lying on a blanket in a verdant meadow beneath a summer - blue sky .
birds sang in the trees that surrounded the meadow .
` ` how did you do that , make it seem like we were in a meadow ? ''
he had ridden long and hard and , for a short while , he had forgotten everything but the sheer joy of racing across the meadow .
she went to the stable to visit misty each morning , tormenting herself with the memory of the hours she had spent in erik 's company , remembering the day they had made love in the meadow .
leaning forward , he read the address on the curb-1366 black meadow lane .
it took less than twenty minutes for loken to reach the vampire 's lair on black meadow lane .
a full moon cast her light over the earth , bathing the tips of the mountains in silver splendor , while the car 's headlights cut a wide swath through the darkness , occasionally startling a deer grazing in the meadow that stretched for miles along the side of the road .
` ` they pick flowers in the meadow .
but the girl does n't want flowers from the meadow .
chaosti had told her there were a dozen homes within sight of the meadow that served as a play area for the children .
the people who lived in the houses around this meadow came from the same clan , were kin .
the notes meandered like a stream winding its way through a summer meadow .
for a man who was always aware of his surroundings , he seemed willfully blind to the fact that a natural meadow , which had its own kind of beauty , was n't the same as the tangled mess she was staring at now .
it was the only explanation for why he was standing in a meadow on a spring afternoon feeling overdressed and feet - deficient .
when he drew her into his arms and kissed her , he forgot about standing in a meadow , forgot about who was watching , forgot everything but her ... ... until a young voice close to his hip said , * are they going to mate now ?
daemon carefully landed the small coach in the meadow and stepped out .
at the edge of the meadow , ladvarian waited for him .
he crossed the meadow , stopped a few feet in front of ladvarian .
she smelled of wildflowers and sun - drenched meadows and fern - shaded pools of water .
he took a long look at the meadow with its wildflowers and the mountains in the distance .
wildflowers painted meadows with bright colors .
but daemon ... chapter ten 1 / kaeleer lucivar stood at the edge of the woods , not quite ready to step across the line that divided forest shadow from sun - drenched meadow .
if it took throwing her into a cold shower or walking her around the meadow for the rest of the night , he was going to wake her up .
lucivar stared at the meadow .
large meadows provided good grazing .
it was hard to stay awake , hard not to think about how a meadow looks so silvery in the moonlight .
her and benjamin in an alpine meadow .
the world moves slowly here , and on occasion i forget the meadow and the field . ''
` ` meaning we would destroy meadow and field ourselves before al owing for its piecemeal destruction . ''
and so i was relegated to my tower , apart from time , apart from green meadows , apart from the immeasurable sky . ''
we followed the trail for ten or fifteen more minutes , until the woods opened , revealing a large meadow surrounded by glowing torches .
` ` now or never , '' ethan said , taking my hand as we stepped forward into the meadow and into the fray .
together , as the shifters formed a circle around the totem in the middle of the meadow , they lifted their voices and sang into the night , the very sound magic .
i watched them fly for a moment , circling around the meadow but avoiding the trees - and the torches that lined them .
we glanced across the meadow , found catcher and mallory twenty feet away , lobbing blue orbs of light at a pair of harpies who easily avoided them , swiping at their heads as they bobbed overhead .
i ducked and ran to the highest point in the meadow , a spot near the tree line on what i guessed was the southern side of the field , in order to scan the battlefield .
and i 'd traversed only a third of the meadow .
catcher and mallory knelt together on the ground in the center of the meadow , near the fallen totem .
just inside the tree line on the south side of the meadow . ''
the meadows .
visiting the meadows popped up to the top of my bucket list .
` ` damien called the meadows , '' jeff said .
` ` the meadows is where shifters stay when they 're in aurora , '' i explained .
the icy water was replaced by a golden sun and a sprawling meadow of wild flowers in shades of amethyst and yellow .
a man appeared at the other side of the meadow .
but a surprise had followed , for from that first immersion into the initial graded baptismal pool , grace had lost the ability to scent him and he could no longer smell what he called her meadow scent .
that he should n't be doing this at all was something he would grapple with later , but right now , with her meadow - sweet scent pouring in waves over his brain , he was doing what he was meant to do .
` ` the entire forest smells like a sweet meadow right now .
he could smell a meadow now , yet this one seemed richer - as though it had blossomed with a thousand wildflowers all at once .
that her meadow scent kept flowing over him in waves sustained the certainty that he was pleasing her as well as forming a most inappropriate erection .
her lips parted and her sweet - meadow scent quite suddenly perfumed the air between them .
add to that her sweet meadow scent , and his c**k was a missile again .
her meadow flavor streamed over his tongue .
` ` meadow scent . ''
` ` this whole pool smells like i ' m walking through a summery meadow . ''
then he whispered , ` ` i ' m smelling a meadow , soft grasses , fragrant wildflowers all combined . ''
then he smelled it as well , the gentlest fragrance of a meadow , all that verdant growth , the earth , a combined scent of indistinguishable flowers .
his body reacted , wholly inappropriately , and as he turned to face her , as her meadow and wildflower scent continued to pummel his senses , he began to grow aroused .
he felt grace 's hands on him again , and her rich , earthy meadow scent flooded his body with new drives , new cravings .
as for grace , he could hardly wait to see her again and to draw her meadow , wildflower scent into his nostrils .
but holy shit , the bastard had his arms around her , his tongue deep in her mouth , and dammit his woman was in a full state of arousal , her meadow scent flooding the room .
a sweet spring meadow after a light rain . ''
he could n't get enough of her meadow , earth , and wildflower scent .
even the memory of grace 's meadow - wildflower scent was for him a triple dose of viagra .
he remembered a painting of a snowfield , and another in a meadow littered with the unique camping tents that his troll brigade used in the mountains .
the second was a meadow with a river and a stream , the third a golden forest that rose high into a mountain range , and the last a painting she called , ' snowfields ' , depicting a vast stretch of snow , distant lavender hills , and the sun barely cresting the horizon .
the names stunned him , however , because they could be found in the age - old children 's tales of the nine realms : the great river caverns of pickerne , gem meadow , the dead forest that continued through the pleach mountains , and the snowfields of rayne .
traveling through the air , a meadow , a forest , and finally dense snowfields .
we 're going to have to find the pickerne caverns if we want to make it to gem meadow alive , any of us . ''
according to the map , the great river caverns of pickerne led to gem meadow .
it 's really too small to be called a meadow or anything like that .
` ` this section does n't contain the same vibration and if my calculations are correct , i know this meadow well .
we ' ve run maneuvers in gem meadow , we just never had a name for the place before . ''
` ` it looks like a smudge , but it 's a shallow dip in the land and apparently , it 's the gateway to gem meadow and the rest of the passage to ferrenden peace . ''
we wo n't have any minus - degree weather and supposedly the meadow will be in the comfortable sixties .
the depression in the earth , surrounded by meadow and more trees was n't far , ten miles , no more .
which way to the meadow ? ''
` ` we ' ve reached the meadow , have n't we ? ''
` ` it 's unlikely even though gem meadow was never part of the enthralled section .
a clearing kept the meadow safe and camp chairs had started appearing along with drums .
` ` is it the meadow , with the mountain on one side and the forest on the other , because the sounds echo back and forth . ''
the survivor said there were twenty pairs , that one of the bound fae bragged that margetta had brought a hundred with her , that she 'd catch us in the dead forest , if not in the meadow . ''
the mountain gave way to a meadow , angling off to the northeast .
even though batya 's enthrallment shield held , margetta blocked the path in a huge radius of light , at least sixty feet up , past the tree - top line , and twice that width , which spanned the narrow meadow .
several fires erupted again in the forest all around them but the width of the meadow kept the brigade safe , at least for now .
another chill swept through her that had nothing to do with how cold it was in this mountain forest meadow .
they could also just fly out of the meadow , over the forest , and down the mountainside to civilization .
as she watched the last of the guard head into the west , with both wraith - pairs chained in two separate steel cages , she glanced around the meadow .
that you 're just an innocent little lamb prancing around the f**king meadow ? ''
her ankles were crossed , and she was only halfheartedly looking at the screen , which displayed a bedroom with a floral meadow motif .
there was only one driveway on the street beside a discreet sign : meadow treatment center .
` ` i only understand that i prefer birdsong from the meadow instead of a cage . ''
for a moment he was silent ; then reading said low , ` ` how does the bird know she hates the freedom of the meadow if she 's never felt it ? ''
below the gardens was a bit of a grassy meadow .
jamie had a tiny white flower he 'd plucked from the meadow , and he laid it on the grave .
alistair took up the letter and slit it open with a sharp knife he 'd earlier used to dissect a meadow vole .
tansy meadows inhaled swiftly , biting at her full lower lip .
don meadows asked .
it would set down at the ranger station and wait , no matter how long , for a radio signal to pick him up in the lower meadow as soon as he had the cargo ready .
he traveled in the direction in which he estimated he would be most likely to find tansy meadows 's campsite .
tansy meadows , psychic extraordinaire and elite tracker .
he had a few questions marks in his mind about meadows .
no photograph existed there either , which meant that little miss tansy meadows had to be red flagged .
don and sharon meadows were major players in politics and frequently received government contracts for military research and design .
the rangers had assured him the mountain lions were up here somewhere , and that meant that tansy meadows would be also .
she had the reputation with the fbi of being the real deal , and the general needed kadan to do damage control as soon as possible , and to do that , kadan needed tansy meadows .
this must be tansy meadows .
chapter 2 kadan was careful not to allow his shadow to fall across tansy meadows 's body .
and why had don meadows agreed to stay quiet as well ?
tansy meadows was going to live a long life - with him .
don meadows demanded .
` ` you do n't have to do that , '' don meadows bellowed .
don and sharon meadows made big bucks with defense contracts , but maybe that was n't enough for them .
fredrickson had been around the meadows family for years .
if whitney had planted fredrickson into the meadows ' home to keep an eye on tansy , why did n't her father know ?
if so , why had n't whitney simply killed don meadows ?
and why had n't meadows turned him in for the childhood experiments ?
fredrickson had blanketed the estate with mercenaries , and either don and sharon meadows knew and approved , or they had gotten themselves into a mess they could n't handle , but it was fairly difficult to hide the kind of men guarding the estate .
don meadows froze from where he was trying to slither across the floor , his gaze fixed on the knife at kadan 's waist .
as a rule kadan could read minds in close proximity , especially in a situation like this one where fear and anger were strong emotions , but don meadows had some kind of barrier that blocked his thoughts and emotions from escaping .
he slipped another knife from his belt and cut the tape binding meadows 's wrists .
don meadows had the real deal , the military - issue , four - wheel drive , high - mobility , armor - plated , go - over - and - through - anything vehicle .
don meadows lifted his head trying to peer out , saw the fence coming at them .
kadan took his boot off don meadows 's neck and indicated for him to get in the seat .
don meadows cleared his throat .
he shifted his gaze , let it drift over meadows .
that surprised meadows .
the rest of the rescue team walked in , don and sharon meadows in the center .
kadan stood close to don , inches from his side , the hilt of his knife already a part of his hand , and knowledge burning in him that he could stab deep , severing the jugular before meadows would know what hit him , if tansy 's father made one wrong move toward her .
tucker and ian moved to cover kadan , and nico and gator took up positions in back and front of meadows .
he moved her to the side , making a show of placing his body between meadows and his wife .
don meadows was lying to his daughter .
kadan looked from don meadows to his adopted daughter and then to his petite wife , sharon .
` ` fiance , mrs . meadows .
don meadows demanded , breaking the spell .
as a unit , his team went into position , nico circling behind meadows , tucker and ian flanking kadan .
don meadows was clearly a man who ruled his world and was used to obedience from those around him .
the place is well guarded , mrs . meadows , and we ' ve got alarms on all the doors and windows .
he crouched just below the window of the bedroom they 'd given don and sharon meadows .
he wanted no mistakes , because this time , meadows had better understand fully what and whom he was dealing with .
i will kill you and never look back , meadows .
if don meadows saw nothing else , kadan wanted him to see that .
don meadows was a fool .
don meadows was circling the subject , hoping it would be enough without disclosing his ties to whitney .
don meadows was an intelligent man .
the thought of don meadows even contemplating turning his daughter over to a man like whitney after he 'd seen the experiments , the rape of a teenage girl , his wife hit by fredrickson ... ` ` all for what ? ''
` ` maybe not , meadows , but you 're willing to leave a monster loose in the world so you can keep your precious world intact . ''
the coalition meadows mentioned has a major hard - on for the ghostwalkers , '' kadan said .
don meadows had been her hero , the man who rescued her from whitney , and all along he 'd been keeping whitney 's dark secret .
he did a little investigating and realized you were the same tansy meadows who had tracked serial killers .
fortunately don and sharon meadows were under guard , but the man might try to find them , using his military contacts .
meadows knows violet was one of whitney 's experiments .
` ` and meadows planted one of his own when he had whitney 's removed . ''
gator crossed the open meadow at the back of the house , a shadowy figure that flitted from one lone tree to the next , taking him closer and closer to the neighbor 's yard .
` ` tansy meadows , how nice to finally meet you . ''
don meadows stood there , his hand out , waiting for his daughter to dance with him while sharon smiled expectantly up at kadan .
the wood shop is just down there in that meadow , and the smaller garage houses the equipment .
sunshine and flowers in a meadow .
jack slowed and came to a halt right on the edge of what appeared to be open meadow .
when we run across the meadow , you 're going to be running full out , so be ready .
jack was looking at her as if he had complete faith that she could sprint across the meadow in the face of the enemy , but she was tired , sick , and - truthfully - scared to death .
` ` you go straight across the meadow to that log on the far side , the one close to the straggly tree surrounded by boulders .
the meadow was a wide expanse of grasses , flowers , and rocks , and seemed endless .
jack and ken stepped out of the trees , rifles to their shoulders , ken 's aimed at the helicopter , jack 's toward something in the meadow .
the helicopter lurched , and in the meadow a canister exploded , sending black smoke rising into the air .
setting her gently in the tree line at the edge of a meadow , he strode into the center of the large field .
the old one craned his long neck toward her , and even though she was still partially in the trees lining the meadow , his wedge - shaped head nearly touched her .
the scent of flowers hit fenris as they approached a large open meadow .
he could have sworn that the entire meadow was on fire , yet tatijana 's skin remained cool to the touch .
he shifted into the form of a smaller hawk , streaking through the branches of the high canopy in the forest , making certain to stay close to the edge of the meadow , certain bardolf had been ordered to stay close to the tunnel to keep any carpathian from interfering .
fen had thrown abel out of the tunnel and into the meadow where he knew the traps gregori had prepared for a vampire were waiting .
fen , in the body of the large owl , flew out of the forest into open air , flying over the meadows and farms .
she 'd chosen the meadow for the richness of soil .
do n't look back , just go for the meadow .
behind them , paul was down , writhing on the very edge of the meadow .
he had no idea how many lycans surrounded the meadow , but they seemed to be attacking a transparent wall on all four sides , using axes .
he took the opportunity to glance into the haven skyler had created there in the meadow .
he cloaked his presence and used the doubled speed of both carpathian and lycan to cross the meadow and once again insert himself in the crowd .
they had the scent of her blood , it permeated the meadow and the very air itself .
she 'd been betrayed and chopped into pieces , and scattered across a meadow in the hopes the wolves would devour her .
they walked together out into the meadow , crossing a field of wildflowers .
they reached the center of the meadow where the flowers grew in abundance .
she looked around the meadow .
she could hear the creak of tree branches around the meadow as the wind played in the leaves .
instead , they flew together over the meadow of flowers .
the three dragonseeker women cleansed the meadow , using long wands of sage , cedar , sweet grass , lavender and copal , walking clockwise .
white - hot light burst from their fingertips , creating a sacred space in the form of a sphere in the exact center of the meadow .
` ` do not set one foot on the meadow .
thunder shook the forest , and lightning slammed from ground to sky and back again , five or six bolts sizzling through the sky to strike the meadow around the circle .
xaviero had been the one aiding the vampire , chopping her maliciously into pieces and scattering her body across the meadow for the wolves to devour her .
the cabin nestled between a backdrop of pine trees and a massive meadow in front .
the scent of a fresh meadow after a cleansing rain settled over her .
i do n't know , meadow , i guess .
` ` a meadow ? ''
you were in a meadow , chasing that paper , then noise erupted , and darkness fell . ''
the forest opened up to a meadow and duncan stopped their party .
to prove her point tara lifted her hands , the woods they traveled through parted , clearing a path for easier travel and gave them a clear view of the meadow beyond .
he smells like a beautiful sunrise in a wooded meadow .
chapter one empusa reality exploded around me in various earth - toned hues as we burst into a wet , green meadow filled with fluttering grass .
her flame red hair hung to the small of her back and her eyes , as gray as mine , swung around the meadow as though searching for something .
she took one step and then another , then she was walking confidently towards us from across the meadow .
the other females had stopped spreading their laundry on the rocks , but they remained across the meadow .
i asked curiously as we walked together over the meadow toward the small gathering of huts .
we 'll meet in the meadow of peace later this afternoon to meditate . ''
the water , the trees , the sky and the earth meet in our meadow here .
it was clear that the circular meadow in front of us had been developed by the priestesses .
round , heavy and flat , it sat in the exact center of the meadow .
i became aware of a crackling , heavy presence in the meadow , something that lifted above us and hovered .
the visions melted away and the beautiful meadow once again surrounded us .
at that moment , a shadow as large as the meadow descended upon us in the shape of a raven .
when i saw you from across the meadow , i knew the time had arrived .
that name suited him more than something that bespoke of early morning meadows .
` ` evan meadows , he 's an actor . ''
chapter ten my name is bethany meadows .
my name is bethany meadows .
this wasn't- ` ` i would like to formally introduce everyone to my right - hand lady , bethany meadows . ''
` ` i ' m looking for ms . meadows , '' he said .
i whap - whap - whapped my butt around a windy trail through a cover of trees and out into a blindingly bright meadow full of wildflowers before we finally slowed .
i looked around the meadow and up at the mountains in the distance .
here with him in this bright meadow , i felt like the goddess of sex .
this little tryst in the meadow had solidified that decision in my mind .
he strode across the meadow and into the trees with me in his arms , clamping down on me so hard , all i could do was struggle mutely , barely able to move my arms or legs .
chapter thirty - six our ride back to the house went a lot faster then the ride out to the meadow .
because her brother had been buried in meadows ceme tery for so many long years now .
she and cale were in a meadow .
she was standing in a meadow , laughing .
` ` officer meadows told me about the bodies , how they 'd been slashed , throats ripped , guts torn open . ''
` ` no , he 's not- '' ` ` lindsey meadows , a college student , was killed right outside of her dorm room .
` ` if the shifter did n't kill lindsey meadows , '' jana told them , ` ` then we ' ve got a real big problem here . ''
just like lindsey meadows .
` ` look , catalina , i ' ve got a dead co - ed and- '' ` ` lindsey meadows . ''
` ` meadows , contact the baton rouge pd .
matt meadows followed behind jim .
he threw up his hand , blocking her , while the two other marshals he 'd introduced her to earlier , jim o'keith and matt meadows , made their way toward the cabin .
behind him , matt meadows was still doing a sweep of the area .
the da , henry meadows , was there , pacing nervously .
` ` no one can locate margaret dunning , '' meadows said , jaw locking .
` ` if she 's alive , i 'll do anything to get her back , '' meadows said instantly .
and found his path blocked by meadows .
` ` i ' m thinking about trial , '' meadows snapped right back .
` ` and you ... '' meadows glanced at mac .
there was regret in his eyes , but meadows simply said , ` ` yes . ''
` ` the perp has already flatly refused to talk to the profiler , so marcus wayne is back studying the last crime scene , getting us more evidence to nail this guy 's coffin shut , '' meadows said .
you do n't want anything screwing it up , meadows ?
` ` meadows , are you there too ? ''
a lethal intensity had entered meadows 's voice .
` ` meadows , meet valentine , '' dane muttered .
` ` margaret , '' meadows whispered .
` ` you need to send us in , meadows , '' dane said , his voice hardening .
` ` i do n't think that 's necessary , '' meadows began .
dane shoved past meadows and pushed the button for the intercom .
` ` you 're jumping to conclusions , '' meadows told them , but his voice was shaking .
from meadows .
then meadows was the one rushing from the room and heading into interrogation .
` ` i do n't deal with- '' meadows began .
` ` detective , you need to step back , '' meadows told him .
only dane , mac , and meadows were in that room .
` ` and if i do n't , '' meadows said , ` ` then a man i ' ve known for twenty years will probably eat his gun before the night 's over . ''
` ` ms . cole , '' meadows began .
now it was meadows asking the question .
` ` i have n't agreed to take the death penalty off the table , '' meadows said , sounding a bit strained , ` ` but you just promised to take us to the missing victims . ''
` ` deal , '' meadows said , sealing their fates .
` ` oh , meadows ? ''
so did meadows .
` ` the patrol car will be tracked , too , '' meadows said , ` ` but we want to have a handle on you when you 're on foot . ''
` ` the car 's been wired , '' meadows told her and dane .
before they 'd lost the radio signal from the car , meadows had heard the screams .
because if he did , those deaths would be on meadows .
` ` michael randall was in meadows rehab when the other fires were set .
` ` we 're gon na check to see if there 's any connection with meadows rehab .
he 'd retrieved the computer visitor log from meadows rehab , a log that had turned up jack shit .
he got sent for counseling at meadows rehab . ''
the sounds of several feet walking through the meadow grasses whispered in my ears .
` ` near the place i believe you call the infinity meadow . ''
` ` yes , we had a skirmish outside the infinity door , in the meadow .
chapter 7 we left the lunchroom and the light fae compound , headed in the only direction i knew might lead to the dark fae hideout - through the infinity meadow .
we had reached the edge of the trees on the far side of the meadow .
chapter 12 the guys and i trekked back through the forest and across the meadow to get to the dining hall in time for dinner .
by the time he was done , she looked like a fairy angel , lying in the middle of a miniature infinity meadow .
` ` may your mother find peace everlasting and joy beyond measure in the golden meadows of the overworld .
i thought we were headed to the airplane door , but i followed the new path created by fae on either side , soon realizing we were going to the infinity meadow .
i could n't speak anymore , so i just stood there silently , watching as the coffin was placed on the poles above the hole and the fae that had been lining the path followed behind , slowly filling up the meadow .
i watched as every single fae in the meadow reached out and took the hand of the fae next to him or her .
spike was waiting for us at the edge of the meadow and turned to walk with our group .
but i thought the elves and dwarves had taken care of those orcs , leaving only a few strays here and there , like the ones i had encountered outside of the infinity meadow .
tell tony to go into the gray and meet him near the infinity meadow around ten tonight . ''
` ` there 's an infinity meadow in the gray ? ''
according to chase there 's an infinity meadow there and probably a lot of other things i ' m totally clueless about . ''
` ` celeste , red , i would like you to speak with your colleagues and see to it that we have adequate spell security around the perimeter of the meadow and of course on our path to and from . ''
tony and gus had arranged for us to meet in the infinity meadow , under my mother 's tree .
if you do n't get your sweet buns back to the infinity meadow , like right now , you 're going to go down in history as the changeling who ended the fae species and destroyed the world ! ''
now stop talking nonsense and get back to the infinity meadow , now ! ''
i approached one of the witches and suggested that it might be a good idea to spell the meadow with a listening cast - so those of us not privileged and important enough to be on the council could hear what you guys were saying .
chapter 36 i followed the path to the infinity meadow , noticing immediately that we were no longer going to be in the company of just the council members .
the entire meadow was filled with fae , both light and dark .
i stared at the sky for a second , trying to get my emotions under control and biting back the cuss words that wanted to fly out of my mouth and ring out across the meadow .
i took the bubble down , once more exposing us to the eyes and ears of the fae standing in the meadow .
his voice rose up , an ethereal quality to it making it spread across the entire meadow so every fae could hear him .
every fae in the meadow began taking the hands of another fae nearby .
the cheers from the crowd surrounding us lifted my heart until it was soaring above the meadow , above the tree whose roots encased my mother 's body , and above the green forest where everyone i cared about lived and was going to fight with me and my bonded elemental for our very survival .
the last thing i saw before my guardian angel took himself above the meadow and into the sun - filled sky were the tears that fell to his cheeks , just before he turned and flew off in a beating of wings that sent gentle currents of air down to cool the heat from my face .
we were in a meadow , similar to the one i 'd been in before with gregale , where he 'd told me my sharp stick - looking weapon - given to me during the changeling test - was none other than the fang of the dark of blackthorn .
i rolled away from him and walked quickly to the edge of the meadow , sending a message to the green that he needed to be held captive there until further notice .
about ten minutes later i heard the door open on the edge of the meadow and the sounds of footsteps and whispers .
he struggled valiantly , twisting his body around as far as he could , trying to look back towards the meadow , all the while yelling for them to let him go so he could go dance .
we started walking through the forest and then the meadow .
soon we were out in the green forest , near the meadow that chase had danced in .
i could send you across this entire meadow with one flick of my finger , buttwad . ''
i did n't wait around to see what else they were going to do ; instead , i took tim 's wise advice , running a wide circle around them and then hauling ass back to the meadow .
` ` in the meadow ?
i picked my way across the meadow .
you can come out to the infinity meadow with me and we 'll try . ''
chapter 19 tony was lying on his back on the ground , next to me out in the infinity meadow .
the meadow ?
the memory of those disgusting creatures was not what i wanted to deal with as i waited out here in the meadow for news of chase .
i heard something near the edge of the meadow , coming from the trees .
he could have killed him in the meadow and he did n't .
i went into the infinity meadow with tony and scrum ... he 's a daemon ... and tim ... the wingless pixie , to do some training stuff . ''
tim and i followed the group of elves to a large , grassy meadow , filled with large tree stumps set out at various distances from the tree line surrounding it .
he pointed into the woods on the other side of the meadow .
i received a responding stream of images and sounds - warm sunshine on leaves , babies smiling and responding to smiles and gales of laugher from mothers , the whistling rush of birds suddenly on the wing , and the vision of lazy pollen motes floating through a glorious , flowered meadow .
i felt the breeze now and saw two large hawks , circling above the nearby meadow , drifting on the currents that rose high above it pushing against their wings and keeping them aloft .
even though the sound of our combined and battling forces seemed loud to everyone standing around us in the meadow near the trees , i knew that he would hear me perfectly when i said in a calm voice , ` ` she killed my friends ... my people .
i was going to do it again , right here in this meadow outside the gargoyle door to the light fae compound , and snuff ben 's light out forever .
the deep grasses of the meadow tangled around his legs and tripped him in mid - stride .
it was different out here in the meadow , but no less powerful .
now i could totally picture him dancing around in a meadow .
i pushed the door open , stepping out into the meadow where he and i had our first session together .
he stomped through the meadow grasses until he came to a suitable spot .
chapter 24 we were back in the meadow , lying amidst the heather , and i was sobbing uncontrollably .
i do n't know how long i sat there sifting through the memories of tony , of the times we had spent together before dardennes and all of them had come into our lives - even further back , before my mother 's boyfriend had entered our lives and started the cascade of events that had led me to be here , my heart breaking , in the middle of the heathers and meadows of the light fae forest ... in the middle of an enchanted piece of somewhere i did n't even know where .
she cackled and started hobbling away , chanting to herself in her scratchy voice , ` ` green things , green things , beautiful lovely green things ... ` ` she soon disappeared into the trees at the edge of the meadow .
i have n't been picking flowers in a f**king meadow for six weeks .
my path did not lie through this meadow , '' he sighed .
grasses and wildflowers have reclaimed it , creating a rural idyll - a meadow , where the late evening breeze softly ripples through the grass and the evening sun gilds the wildflowers .
` ` the paddock would be where the meadow is at the moment ? ''
to me the meadow looks like somewhere to lie in the long grass and have picnics , not for some four - legged fiend of satan to roam .
` ` christian , you had me at the meadow . ''
he nuzzles my hair , and i drift into sleep , safe in his arms , dreaming of sunsets and french doors and wide staircases ... and a small copper - haired boy running through a meadow , laughing and giggling as i chase him .
someone has created a magical bower of beautiful wild meadow flowers mixed with glowing fairy lights and miniature lanterns that glow soft and pale round the room .
i can almost smell the scent of the meadow flowers ... ` ` can we marry tomorrow ? ''
a vision of a little boy with copper - colored hair and bright gray eyes , running through the meadow at the new house invades my thoughts , teasing and tantalizing me with possibilities .
the tall grass in the meadow is turning gold , but there are still a few yellow wildflowers dotted among the grass .
` ` in the meadow ? ''
together we walk into the meadow .
i want him here , now , in the open air , in our meadow .
epilogue the big house , may 2014 i lie on our tartan picnic blanket and gaze up at the clear , blue , summer sky , my view framed by meadow flowers and tall green grasses .
she 's here in the meadow somewhere . ''
ted beams , enjoying the game , and looks around the meadow .
all too soon i hear their footsteps trampling through the meadow , and first ted then christian bursts through the long grass .
his threat is implicit but sensual , making me squirm , but as we 're in the middle of the meadow with the kids nearby ...
` ` once he was in this meadow .
kind of like the meadow in that movie with the sparkly vampires and crazy hair . ''
three blank meadows some say the druj are demons , children of chaos brought forth long ago to plague the archangels and seed wickedness into human hearts .
they go no farther than the edges of the black meadows , those ashen strips they burn to divide their land from the forests .
twice yearly , on the equinoxes , village elders tend to the meadows .
so while the young wait in the safety of the villages , the old go forth and scorch the boundary meadows with firebrands .
perhaps they did walk out across the black meadows and into a new life .
mab had to sift for herself through the tithes that were gathered twice yearly from the black meadows .
and she knew that she could never walk out across the black meadows with empty arms , buying her freedom with the tiny life inside her .
one thought of meadows and wildflowers and mirror lakes , but this looked like a moon crater .
you 'd never find skohl in some sun - dappled meadow , but only on a cliff face , crusted with hoarfrost .
he glanced at the altimeter , but what it told him was of limited use , because he did n't know what the ground under him was like : crags , flat meadow , water ?
there was no trace , no furrow in the thick meadow grass , let alone the kind of gouge in the earth that such a crash would have made .
and with that , they were both off , making their way across the stubbled meadow , two lumbering shapes in the moonlight .
as we emerged from a palmetto grove , the ground opened out into a meadow - like space , then rose up in a broad hill before us .
smith , he supposed , sleeping on a canvas bed sack stuffed with grass ; grey could smell the meadow scent of dry hay , faintly musty in the humid air .
everything lay peaceful before him : late cabbages and turnips in orderly rows within the kailyard walls , safe from grazing sheep - there was a small flock in the far meadow , already bedding for the night , like so many woolly eggs in a nest of green grass , like a kid 's easter basket .
the ground 's no verra good for attack - folded up like a used napkin , all cut up wi ' ravines and bitty creeks - though the other scout told me there 's meadows beyond that might do for a fight , and ye could lure them or drive them out there . ''
there were broad meadows past the woods on the far side , and beyond these the fields of a good - sized farm ; he could see a snatch of the buildings through the trees - and the movement of men .
` ` dunno , sir , '' he said , and began glancing to and fro , as though expecting the orchard to materialize suddenly out of the meadow they were standing in .
the meadow was dry , brown and brittle in the summer heat ; jamie 's stockings prickled with foxtails , and the warm sharp scent of ripe hay was stronger than that of black powder .
he was a heavyset man , and even the gently rolling fields and meadows were hard on him ; the dark stains in his oxters were the size of dinner plates .
the countryside was folded up like a leporello , rolling meadow diving suddenly into wooded ravines , then springing back out , only to disappear again .
the main body of men was a good two hundred yards distant , standing in open meadow , but there were stands of chestnut and poplar , and perhaps a half mile back the way he 'd come , the rolling land dipped into one of the big ravines .
i had last seen it in the light of dawn on a north carolina mountainside , when he had escorted me through woods and meadows , from one cold body to the next , to show me that the men who had hurt me were dead , to reassure me that they could not touch me .
i love the colors here : the deep green of the grass , the dark blue of the water cutting through the meadow , the still barely snowcapped purplish mountains looming in the distance .
it leaves my lungs in a long hiss like a deflated balloon when i see that the meadow before me is empty .
and then he steps into the meadow , the sun sparkling in the dark golden highlights of his hair , streaks that he 's earned while working outdoors here at bellano with his uncle .
in the quiet of the meadow , in the still of one summer afternoon , reese undresses me and lays me gently on a bed of thick grass .
in the meadow , there is a lake .
the beautiful white rock drive up the hill was now an ugly scar through the meadow .
a rustic wooden sign read : western meadow .
fw almost made it across the big meadow to the trees , when suddenly grampa appeared out of nowhere and came hobbling up the path , walker and all .
my nurse habib sips on his coffee , as i announce to him that i am going out to feed the pixies in the honeysuckles , and inspect the gods eyes that i have hung from the eaves of my bungalowthe ones that ward off spy - beams and enchantments from the evil eye that resides in the redwoods near gogs bungalow on the other side of the meadow .
i hobble outside , and with the aid of my walker , i cross the dewy meadow , and even though the air is still cool , i see that a few perverts are out and about , prancing around in the nude , and pulling on each others weenies .
i sit myself down on a bench overlooking gogs woods and sure enough , the rumors are true : a helicopter is parked on the far side of the meadow .
a picture of a smiling mike chen , standing in a meadow with a grasshopper in his outstretched hand , took up the bottom portion of the poster .
even when i triedafter all , they were talking of an event that would change my lifei could nt force myself to care if my wedding was going to be in an alpine meadow versus a small church , or whether we should have a sit down meal versus a buffet at the reception .
i feel like a deer standing in an open meadow , sensing a predator prowling towards me through the tall grass , and i fear i 'll be attacked at any moment and from any direction .
a large pile of boulders meant they had to go one way , a meadow of turquoise tundra poking through the frost said they had to turn around a hill over there .
the last time anyone saw them was at the main vault at the meadows complex .
the day after the section gala , deckard and channelle went to the blueprint vault at the meadows .
channelle and deckard nipped over to the ' the meadows ' and broke in .
` ` then that transmission that you sent when i was at the meadows was broadcast from here . ''
there 's another puff of wind , then the rain eases and warm sunlight breaks through the cloud , turning the meadow green and gold .
the meadow stretches from horizon to horizon .
the stars shine brightly , bathing the meadow in soft light .
i head off through the long grass of the meadow , rejoicing in the cold and the pain , feeling happy to be alive .
and sheep it is , each with its own bell , each bell with its own note ; clanging away softly as they graze in a flowery meadow under almond and olive trees .
like daisy , the cow from kansas , standing in her meadow trying to find a pattern in all of the stars ; chewing the cud , so to speak , while trying to make sense of the universe .
we orbit around to the dark side and , once my eyes have adjusted , i retrace my steps back up the stream to the grassy meadow where i arrived .
while she munches on it , i carry on , singing happily to myself , passing through a forest then out into the meadow where i arrived , torn and bloody , just three weeks ago .
the stream meanders across the meadow to where it emerges from a rocky gorge .
' there 's no weather , no wind , no animals ; just daisy , her oak tree and a rye grass and clover meadow . '
no bugs or other animals to distract her , no weather because it would block the stars , nothing ; just enough meadow that she could stretch her legs and think about what she was thinking about when she was looking at the stars .
reaching the meadow , we walk until we can see nothing but grass , then a bit further until a small tree appears in the distance .
says azziz , grabbing my hand and running across the meadow .
we take turns riding trigger across the meadow .
while there 's still patches of long meadow grass waving in the breeze , most of the surface of the little asteroid is covered with houses and trees , and fields of wheat and corn .
the jeeps were rented from a sports outfitter in sacramento and delivered to the trailhead at buck meadow along with most of the camping supplies .
the trail proceeded up a gentle slope that was lined with meadows of ponderosa pine , fir , and incense cedar trees .
i was stuffed and satisfied as the darkness overtook the small meadow .
we came out of the tight canyon into a beautiful meadow that was full of summer wildflowers .
the girls then left across the meadow to hunt for small game .
the silence was deafening except for the sounds of the millions of crickets that inhabited the meadow .
we had come to an open meadow with a heavily forested area to the right .
allie and susi were standing about halfway through the meadow with their hands raised .
grasshoppers jumped out of the way as she came barreling through , and bees were collecting pollen from the wildflowers growing in the meadows .
she ran towards a pile of boulders that lay in the corner of one of the open meadows .
7/30/88 in a forest clearing they drive to a secluded meadow in the beautiful forest nearby .
far in the distance to either side the flat meadows gave way to pine forests that sloped in increasing gradient until they ran up against sheer cliffs that seemed to hang like vast drapes of cloth below the snow - capped peaks of the mountains .
we marched on most of that day non - stop through the meadows , for the dwarven company fed and watered as they marched , they sang a lot of the time , and when they were nt singing , the dwarves around me told jokes , none of which i could understand and probably a good thing at that .
eventually we passed out of the meadows and dropped down into a rocky valley mostly carpeted with course plants like heathers and gorse .
all were in flower and the purple and yellow hues looked as beautiful as the flowers in the alpine meadow we had passed through earlier .
the elders placed the children inside the backs of the wagons and gave them sweet tasting meadow - cane , to keep them quiet , until they were out of danger .
agart felt much better , you 're right , you are the one who does not know , meadow - cane from welt grass .
nothing was said , the queen picked a small meadow flower from a large stone nearby .
there was little to fear , so mothers slept deeply and their children , dreamed of wagons full of sweet meadow - cane and fat burrow - babies , frolicking in the grasslands .
she heard the small bell around her neck calling out like a meadow bird in its nest , she moved faster and faster .
they would remain like that living off their fat reserves until the rains washed the fire away , then emerge to feed on the new grass and tasty meadow - cane .
the warriors opened the massive metal doors and let in the soft fragrant air , which smelt of budding balbar trees and meadow - cane .
then she remembered her rewards , she reached around to the back of her belt and pulled a small pouch from its carrier , opening it she took out a piece of what looked like crystal rock , this was chum , a name that outriders gave to a very sweet concoction made from meadow cane , it was cut and dried and then ground up into a paste , dried again into chunks of crystal and given to children as a reward for doing their chores around camp and learning their lessons .
then she began thinking about that far away country , a place of endless mountains and fields filled with meadow cane , rivers overflowing with clear fresh water and a sky that was blue rather than yellow .
i m sorry this is nt the skip through the meadow you were promised .
i could tell by his face that he had never come across the word meadow in his readings .
we settled down like it was a summer meadow .
the shortest route was via a footpath across a meadow and through a copse , and one day the four boys waylaid them , hiding behind some bushes in the copse .
max reached for her but he was too slow , she was away in a sprint across the meadow .
just a sloping meadow dotted about with brown humps of earth .
some big birds cried loudly as they flapped their wings and took off in unison from the meadow .
our pace became slower and more cautious as we crossed over the ridge and traversed the valley back towards the meadow where we crash - landed the covert .
we were upon the meadow and could see the covert just across it .
martina was scouring the cliff beyond the meadow .
` ` we 're gon na have to find a way to make our way around the meadow , to the cliff on the other side , '' i said .
as we reached the plateau , i turned and noticed how we had a clear view of the meadow , and more importantly , the covert .
we took turns standing up , looking over the rocks at the covert below , until the last rays of sunshine slowly disappeared , leaving the covert , the meadow , and even the vast mountains under a blanket of darkness .
the meadow and the covert were clear to see , and the mountains stood in the same position as the day before , the same position as thousands , millions of days before .
doug said , pointing to the other side of the meadow .
he was down alongside the meadow while the other three of us were still halfway down the cliff .
he did not bother going around the entire meadow .
he was at the covert , at the site of the dead soldiers , by the time we were going around the meadow .
the entire time we were racing across the meadow , i could see him standing there , like a statue , his stance wide , unmoving .
after swiftly gliding through a maze of streets , he finally reached an open meadow .
he was glad to see the meadow instead of some dead end street .
nestled in the small meadow , glowing in such an enchanting fashion , as it was , only made it seem all the more inviting .
before too long , they were bunched together and peering from behind a thick shock of bushes at the elegant shape , about fifty yards away , floating absolutely still in the tiny meadow .
they all moved away from the hidden meadow and back through the woods .
liberty thought very hard about the sighting of the strange object in the meadow .
right now , the screen revealed the small meadow below and the three earthlings standing on the edge of it .
sartek demanded as the star lifted gently , cruising farther from the meadow until it hovered some six hundred meters overhead .
it displayed the image of the three aliens below , with the small , fat , four - legged creature - the four who 'd spied them in the meadow .
next , she observed how the thinnest of the three , the one who appeared decidedly female , was also the most forward of them , shoving her comrades aside to venture all alone as she stepped into the open meadow .
finally , the three glanced back only once before leaving the meadow and disappearing into the woods .
when the earthlings observed the ship disappear , what really happened was the cerulean star had remained in the meadow for a short while longer , veiled .
ever since she 'd seen the glowing blue ellipse , floating in the secluded little meadow , alex had n't been the same .
liberty was ready for a break , sweating and tired , and just about to complain about the backpack when they topped another wooded hill , starting the drop down into the hidden meadow .
as they got nearer to the bottom of the hill and closer to the little meadow , they heard a screeching response .
she ignored him , glancing back at the meadow .
by then , goo was bothered as well and leapt up , darting to the middle of the meadow where he proceeded to bark overhead at absolutely nothing .
i want to see the meadow , '' she demanded , sinking into a levi - chair and cradling a fresh cup of tea with both hands .
the screen zoomed in and brought into view not just the continent but the select region and few specific square miles of the small meadow where it had happened yesterday .
she gestured toward the meadow , swinging her arm wide .
blalok glanced away , to the screen and the lifelike image of the little meadow below them .
plastered across it was the exact meadow they 'd been harvesting in the day before .
they just stared , silent , as the earthling walked tentatively into the quiet meadow .
blalok took the star down even closer , easing it slowly into the meadow .
goo was going nuts , barking and running in crazy loops in the middle of the meadow .
what they saw , instead , was a small and upright form that slowly appeared as an oily shadow above the grass , down farther in the meadow .
alex scolded as the alien walked carefully through the meadow toward them .
the pupils were shaped like cat 's eyes and narrowed very effectively in the bright light of the meadow .
` ` but keep the star over the meadow .
seconds later , two images shimmered into shape in the center of the small meadow .
they walked toward them , over to the edge of the meadow .
she gestured , sweeping softly with one hand to the empty meadow behind her .
` ` it 's farther down in the meadow , about fifteen meters up .
nothing in his life had ever felt so right to him , that the five of them should be standing on the edge of this meadow , speaking their first words of acquaintance .
* * * the stealth modified ah-64 apache helicopters swooped swiftly over the trees and down into the meadow like a swarm of angry bees .
maneuvering the star lower and across the meadow was also out of the question - it was so thickly dotted at various levels with more of the mob of flying hellicraft , and ground vehicles were rapidly moving in as well .
below , standing on the edge of the meadow in the tree line , isara and sartek were staggered by the sudden paralyzing turn of events .
straight out into the meadow he ran , directly beneath the white blob that was now the hibernating ship .
liberty , alex , isara , and sartek were left stunned , mouths agape , as they watched david rush across the meadow toward the sickening invasion .
david screamed at the top of his lungs as he bolted for the far side of the meadow , drawing attention away from the four kids that remained on the other side .
he dragged sartek even farther away from the meadow before adding , ` ` they 'll hold him for a while , but then they 'll have to release him .
there were more pressing matters at hand ; they could still hear the buffeting of the helicopters ' blades , and so back away from the meadow they continued to sneak as fast as they could .
she 'd come to the meadow today specifically for this , and would likely feel responsible for whatever happened now .
liberty knew what he was saying was the truth , and yet all he could think about was the image of david sprinting like an olympian across the meadow .
when liberty stopped sartek and isara from running into the meadow , persuading them all to retreat into the canopy of the woods instead , they 'd been unaware of david 's final fate .
he 'd tossed it to the ground just before his amazing sprint across the meadow , and liberty explained that was how goo usually got up into the cave , via david .
and her intuition had been to return to the meadow ?
this only served to increase their awareness of the profound sacrifice that david made for them the day before , sprinting across the meadow in a gallant effort to protect them .
with her dark sunglasses and a button down shirt with the collar flipped up , she was quite a bit less conspicuous than she 'd been when she first materialized in the meadow in the woods .
only now the star was n't elegant and breathtakingly blue like it had been when it floated so effortlessly above the tiny meadow in the woods .
she gazed back at the star and thought to herself how enormous it appeared in the cave , much larger than it had seemed in the little meadow .
this knowledge had been kept top secret since its capture in the meadow .
the kid that ran across the meadow when you first captured it ? ''
the report contained within it the video image of a dark - haired boy , sprinting across the meadow before disappearing as though he 'd been sucked into a beam of sorts .
david released alex and turned on sartek , seeing , for the first time since they 'd met in the meadow , the tall male alien with the darkest green eyes .
stars must be fairly hard to carve accurately , liberty thought to himself , and then he realized bittersweetly that it was alex who 'd brought them back to the meadow after they 'd first seen the beautiful blue ship .
lush green meadows and fields fill the canyon with a stream meandering through the center looking like an extension of the lower plains rather than a part of the rougher bluffs and gullies they had just descended .
think about the damage that a landing will do to those fields and meadows .
chaytan leads everyone to the left side of the city where a set of barns , corrals , and meadows spread into an adjacent valley .
things may go just fine down there , and all of this will be like wind in a meadow .
his voice , warm gold shining brightly in a green meadow .
he would liken it to standing in the middle of a massive meadow and screaming at the top of your lungs .
she stopped to take a last look around at the peaceful river , meadow , and flowers , then she searched the sky .
she jumped to her feet , grabbed troys hand , pulled him up , and began running toward the meadow .
they walked out into the edge of the meadow .
their vision sailed outside , across the meadow , the river , and into the forest .
we could have placed the thing in the meadow without harm .
upon leaving the trees , the three planetary visitors stopped and stared at the two mounts leisurely grazing in the meadow .
the three visitors followed their new friends and the unicorns across the meadow toward the river .
after thirty minutes of traveling out of town through the low hills , they entered the meadows they first saw after landing .
as everyone ate , the king quietly advised that early the next day , in the meadow by the river , they could contact their ship .
later , when they walked into the meadow , the large crowd gathered surprised kyla .
a huge dragon , dramas , sophos recognised with a touch of surprise , had just landed in a meadow somewhere in central ambros .
bene guided the younger man towards the common and beyond that to the meadows .
he saw , again , the huge blond churchik man stride across a meadow , arrogance in his every step , and he saw the small slender woman with a mane of chestnut hair try to pull herself free from the grip of the man .
the boy could nt bear to look back to the flower - dotted meadow behind them , where carrion birds now wheeled and dived .
the little girl struggled to keep up with his pace , a pucker between her brows , then she realised with surprise that they 'd bypassed the common and had reached the first meadow .
he wandered away to the other side of the meadow , curls of smoke bouncing back over his shoulder .
puffing , myme chlo collapsed in the middle of the meadow to begin sorting out the flowers .
she watched the scholar who walked about in a circle and looked occasionally across the meadow .
he urged lute towards the meadow , pointing out that it was where melas would be .
where the snow had melted , there were meadows of early spring flowers .
this evening , they pitched camp in one of the meadows .
the weeks wandering along the meandering trail through the forest and meadows was a respite for everyone in the caravan .
the comfort of the dense forest dwindling into attractive copses and meadows was gone , because they now rode across plains that swept endlessly in all directions , beyond where the boy could see .
~~~ most of the trials were to be held on the huge open meadow that lay behind the warlord 's pavilion , where lodestok was seated comfortably in the shelter of trees and was surrounded by his elite warriors .
the warlord did n't notice because his eyes were on the meadow where youths lined up with javelins held high .
the large meadow was ringed by crowds , hundreds of them .
it was n't unknown for a youth to be badly hurt in the struggle to become a warrior and today danger was added by the meadow being dampened overnight .
shrugging , he took a swallow from his tankard and lounged back prepared to be entertained , his eyes following the trajectories of graceful , speeding javelins across the meadow .
the targets were on the near side of the meadow and to the warlord 's right , so lodestok had an excellent view .
~~~ jane helped bethel to the edge of the meadow where mishak stood guard over weapons and bethel 's clothes .
bethel got to his feet , tiredness seeping through every part of him as he turned to look back across the meadow , his expression thoughtful .
then he settled his knife - belt comfortably and , in company with jane , began to walk across the meadow to where he could see horses with riders being marshalled .
they 'd been ordered to ride onto the meadow as a group , but bethel was , as usual , on the periphery by himself .
instead of an arid and barren landscape , soji saw stands of trees and the beginnings of meadows and arable land , then , when they rode beside fields and orchards , she knew they were close to the city - state of knos , north of her uncle 's lands .
he 'd often go out to the fields and meadows so he could watch his men at drill .
he travelled for ten days , before he well - nigh crash - landed in a partly wooded meadow that showed signs of early spring .
he spent time walking stiffly around , until he spied a copse on the far side of the meadow where he could cut himself a stick .
they were two - thirds the way up the second mountain chain , set for the night in a meadow tucked below a plateau they had to reach the following day .
the forest and meadows relaxed the young man .
she asked , just as they reached an open meadow .
this one had no forest ; he settled for a fishing stream tumbling through a meadow , and sat on the floor to pull off his boots and shirt .
he gazed out on its meadow as he peeled off his jacket and shirt and dropped them on the bed .
when the stars over the screens projected meadow began to fade , tristan reached up to turn it off , letting the blanket slide from his shoulders .
then the trail widened and became a stretch of scrubby meadow , a couple of abandoned cars visible beyond a low stone fence .
he pulled her towards a meadow where two flying machines sat with blades moving .
tom sat as the flying machine flew over the city towards a meadow in the forest .
the flying machine landed in a meadow with a soft thump he felt .
at the edge of the meadow standing were a group of keos .
we need to do a lot today , but if we have time left , we will go to the meadow .
we make our way to the meadow quickly .
instead , i settle for sitting on the outskirts of the meadow .
she sits up quickly and i follow her gaze as it sweeps the meadow .
we never should have rested in the meadow in the first place .
maybe some have found a lush meadow filled with sweet clovers .
at length they reached the top of that hill which was the highest in the series , along the grassy meadows stretching from the town out five kilometers to a line of trees passed the fields .
one of the large trees in his rearview mirror shot out of the ground like a missile toppling end over end across the meadow .
this was agreed to ; but before they had proceeded far , mr . marchdale said , there is a ladder lying on the wall ; would it not be a good plan to place it against the very spot the supposed vampyre jumped over last night , and so , from a more elevated position , take a view of the open meadows .
taking a deep breath and enjoying his first minutes of an anticipated two weeks of bliss , he sat on his red blanket while viewing the beautiful meadow surrounding him .
a moment later , the ground was still , and silence hung in the meadow .
eden nodded her head , and this time it was the admiral grabbing her arm , pulling her into a run , practically dragging her through the meadow and into the forest .
they would play in the forests , the beautiful meadows , the rivers and hills , just like she had done while growing up .
she leaned over and caressed a single blade of grass between her fingers , noticing tiny little meadow flowers mixed with moss and grass .
the lady of the moon , paced furiously across her meadow , even her shadows were of no comfort to her .
deer and elk grazed the meadows , and calling birds perched and flew in great profusion .
to either side of the meadow , forests of titanic trees towered .
she gripped tightly to the second board of the tall wooden fence and peered out onto the meadow .
they were wide and wooden and open in the back for the horse to go to and from the fenced meadow .
letting his imagination wander through a sunny meadow , owen took his bony dark fingers and scribbled a few more words , completing the first stanza to a new poem .
all the horses had come in from the meadow , in to eat their grain and hay .
suddenly a booming voice called from the direction of the house , booming across the farm and into the barn , like the thunder that would sometimes roll across the meadow during a storm .
its taken me centuries to find you , crossing over the dark matter meadows , between galaxies , and the starry plains within , but its finally time for you to relinquish my essence .
after locking themselves away on the lowest deck of their stranded vessel , two billion years passed before aias great storm shook the twelve existing galaxies to their core , igniting the spark of life in the meadows of dark matter between them .
shortly after the creation of the planets , their grassy meadows were littered with thousands of slimy white oval - shaped cocoons .
near to where she was , there was a break in the trees and that is where the meadow that encircled cabin started .
a rustic looking wooden fence encircled the garden , keeping it separate from the meadow .
they parked near the windmill and after a short walk through a lovely meadow dotted with tulips , they could see a forest with young redwoods .
i could look outside , and see the beautiful meadow and the shores of the quiet pond where darien and i stood , the capsule in our hands .
i ca n't figure out why the capsule is even here , in the middle of a meadow somewhere on the english moors in the 1800 's .
kaeda sat apart from the other students , gazing out the window at the green meadow below .
gardeners moved about the orchard that bordered the meadow , harvesting fruit trees .
the wind gusted through the meadow and whipped the tall grass into emerald waves dotted with jewel - like wildflowers .
touching him with her mind reminded her of touching the slippery , slimy frogs in the pond at the bottom of the meadow .
it was a wild ride , but the turbulence was brief ; in half a minute they popped up through the clouds and were shooting towards the unicorn meadow .
deer and elk grazed the meadows , and calling birds flew here and there in great profusion .
the meadows , the animals , the stream , the forest , the path : every amazing thing was there .
` ` yes , i suppose so , '' lierva said and sent a message to the creature to stay in the meadow .
the mountains shifted their faces as more rolled into view ; the forests undulated , dipping left and right into the open green meadows , dotted by white and cornflower blue flowers .
mirako sighed , then nodded and took her leave , retreating from the deck into hinevs dwelling and then down to catch a transport to the other side of the colony , where the newest buildings had been constructed on the undulating meadows .
sally was halfway across the meadow when a bright orange tour helicopter came in from the ocean and set down right in front of sally , leaves and debris flying everywhere .
she waves towards the panoramic views from earth , and notices a detail she has always missed on a view of a meadow with a majestic mountain in the distance .
at the same time , the agro - workers collected as much grazing material from the carillon 's lot surface as they could and transplanted it to the meadows inside the livery ships .
in contrast to the eerie landscape aroud them , the carnival of color an dlight and glass in the meadow in front of them was a dazzling spectacle .
having exploded a hole through the fabric of space and time , the silence of the meadows and slight ambience of the streams and wildlife were ruptured by the disturbance of a loud explosion and two american wanderers found in the mist of the outskirts of london , england .
now da xiora saw upland meadows with soft blue - grey grass and feathery shrubs but she spotted no animals .
just like the others out in the meadow .
in the meadow ?
the driveway runs through flowery meadows , rose - bushes and sequoias , then the car parks in front of a colonial style building .
victoria gets out the cockpit and walks for a hundred meters through a meadow and up to the brink of a precipice .
they listen to the melodies of nature : the clinking from the glassy leaves of the bushes shaken by the wind and the excited singing of a flock hidden among the red filaments of a meadow .
now the faint light of the star is covering the meadow with a transparent veil , while the breeze makes the sharp treetops sway .
give us the most beautiful planet in the universe , with wonderful forests and flowers and meadows , and we will not be satisfied with it .
not that i was going to give him the full story , always good to have them spend a few months thinking that their consultant was achieving one success after another before finally achieving the desired goal of arriving in shangri - la and finding the pot of gold fortuitously nestling among that valley 's green meadows , beneath a rainbow of course .
between gaps in the tree cover and large open meadows , the sky could be seen ; its beautiful blue was in stark contrast against the green canopy and foliage was striking .
dorina continued on her floating journey , gazing all around at the world below her , seeing hills , mountains , trees , and open meadows .
a pristine , crystalline city rose from a meadow into tall spires and towers that stretched toward the blue sky .
it nevertheless occurred to him to bombard her with questions such as how he had traveled this far , what was the purpose of the man - horse creature , and who was the giant who d plucked him from the front of the meadow and lowered him down in front of the city containing her palace .
the entire kitchen smelled like a meadow baking in the sunshine .
envision yourself sprawled in the center of an endless , flower - carpeted meadow .
this forest of concrete was replaced with real forestsand farms , meadows , parks , and small garden plots , as well as fresh water in the form of ponds , canals , and artificial lakes .
then , on soft green meadows that were once parking lots and office buildings , they all lie down and gaze at the silver battalions drifting high overhead .
three guys came up behind me while i was passing through the meadows .
i met daniel at the meadows , in edinburgh , i started .
she had even made love in the soft grasses beneath the conifer boughs of the hidden meadow near the gates .
he was momentarily reminded of green meadows and summer leaves .
it was always a pleasure to escape from the all - encompassing jungle of the long grass into these meadows .
she saw what looked like a giant sea shell made out of clouds sitting on a lovely , sunlit meadow .
first he made his way to a grassy meadow .
a flat , green meadow .
the explosions blew a gale across the calm meadow , rumpling the grass and exiling dayravens .
it all started three weeks ago , when i found myself in the meadow at night , and i saw her for the first time .
people from my village passed by this meadow all the time on the road that wound its way through the forest , but no one was ever there at night .
hen ficerdy follow the muddy , bumpy lane , turn left at the end and left again , through the meadow , across the stile , then continue on for half a mile .
and until she came along he was going to date every single woman in humming meadow , utah .
clark curtis , owner of humming meadows only dog sanctuary .
gizmo held his breath and through the front window of gizelle he saw his work bench and wall of the garage in front of him shimmer as though looking across an open meadow at the heat waves rising on a hot summer day .
giselle touched down lightly in a field that appeared to be an open meadow with wild flowers waving in the soft breeze .
it smelled like a summer day in the meadow back home behind his house .
the planet was overrun with large boar - like creatures that roamed the low lands and with great frequency stampeded across the meadows leveling everything in their path .
when marco was in his workshop , he generally had his head gear on , but when it was time for the trials , he took the device out to the meadow and laid in the tall grass so he would nt be seen .
he would spend hours every day laying in the meadow testing it .
disappointed , he would go back to his workshop every day after hours in the meadow and make adjustments to it .
then suddenly there was a strange looking vehicle sitting in the meadow in front of him .
he saw the destiny as a ship , i saw it as a self - contained world , complete with meadows , forests and towns .
she decided she was in a meadow .
a meadow !
as she kept her feet along the narrow path through the meadow , she wondered if her mother had walked the same path she was walking now .
i felt strange , many times sharif and i had gone through this exercise as i changed forms but usually i would picture myself on a beach in the warm sun or alone in a quiet green meadow .
i t - view the wooden fence posts of steel wire tracking through yellow meadows towards a fresh water pond on the south side of the plantation .
i climb up the dry clay of the bluffs , then head out across a low , grassy meadow .
the sun is high overhead , and i watch for an open meadow before i draw us to a halt .
they are on a meadow and there is no other animal with them .
ira blinked , and when he opened his eyes they were standing in a high mountain meadow .
wild flowers covered the meadow , and a large , summer - fat herd of deer grazed peacefully among them .
* the dirt track soon gave way to open meadows that had been touched by an early frost .
the meadow seemed to stretch on and on with no sign of changing .
we moved as one across a high meadow on the edge of a forest that disappeared into the distance behind us .
the late afternoon light , a deep orange - red in color , bathed the green and brown meadow before him , causing the grasses , thistles , and brambles to shimmer as they wavered in the breeze .
the trek toward the river skirted the edge of the meadow , allowing nash to see a wide variety of vegetation .
scattered through the meadow was a strange flower that reminded him of black - eyed susans , except with pale pink petals and a deep purple center .
he could make out the forest , the meadow , and the river .
starting in the dewy meadow , the terrain soon gave way to a forest of widely scattered , enormous evergreen trees .
he had managed to avoid the huge trees that dotted the flat tall grassy meadow .
she noticed many colorful things flying over the meadow .
other creatures roamed the meadow as well .
the gently rolling hills were covered in trees and the grassy meadow was spotted with tall trees that had no low branches .
sandra saw more giant butterflies and other large insects flying over the meadow .
with all the bird and animal chatter it sounded like a jungle though they were in open meadow .
andrew and thomas were already out in the meadow under one of the large trees .
the sound carried over the meadow .
they flew over meadows and lakes with clumps of trees scattered throughout .
the meadow gradually gave over to gently rolling hills and solid forest .
it dwarfed the trees out on the meadow and she thought they were huge .
she wondered if it happened out on the meadow too , but they just never noticed or misinterpreted it as a light fog .
the glass wall behind botrey darkened and the wall to their side lit up with the first picture of the saucer shaped craft sitting in the meadow .
this particular meadow on lurruna lay downwind from several small steam vents east of the city .
the preparation of coca corba produced a salad - like smell that surrounded the meadow and rode around on sleeves of steam .
the ammit pressed the glowing symbol against zuss neck and the skin cells screamed and spat and the small hairs burnt and joined the increasingly stuffy air that lazed around the meadow .
on his way he crossed through the knee - pocked meadow where he had viewed his first batsu omhaal with keba .
noh shinboru ini naisetsuthe words still clung heavily in ravnos ear , like wax , from when he stood with the kawani in the black and yellow meadow .
he lived in pitt meadows as a farmer , momentarily as an auto - mechanic ( his fathers career ) , and as an event videographer .
the trees have new green leaves , there 's lambs in the meadow and the pesky morning chorus has worked its charm and the bird nests are now full of fluffy chicks .
we follow the stream up to the meadow and gallop across the prairie until the long grass stretches from horizon to horizon .
when i first visited , there was just her and a grassy meadow .
i have a little house in town but i also keep a pup - tent in bonnie 's meadow .
bonnie 's grown a big head these days and she do n't allow no beer up there in the meadow any more .
the meadow was directly ahead .
bonnie 's teepee now sat on raised wooden platform three feet above the ground , because the meadow was prone to floods , like the big one on that memorable night when mike chen and the bone man rode out the thunderstorm up on devil 's rump .
we tried to save as much as we could , but when the pond overflowed we had to flee the meadow .
acorn insisted on walking herself , as the naked crew carried a heavily sedated bone man down the trail to the meadow .
we need to get back down to the meadow and see if any of them have checked in with any news .
aw snap , let 's plant this poor bugger , and then we must hustle back down to the meadow , where the court of fools is waiting to convene and lay judgment on us .
baccus was our english teacher back at helms high , and when he was fired because of little old meoh , nothing was ever proven , mind youwell anyway , he purchased the meadow .
brenda did n't say a word to anyone as she trudged her way through the meadow , until she found iris and bonnie sitting by a fire pit , preparing vegetables and shishkebobs for supper .
41 : harpies in training espoo , 30 kilometers west of helsinki , finland judy baggins and damien darkstar skillfully maneuvered the hot air balloon right down onto the landing pad in the meadow as instructed , where they were tethered down by dmz 's security crew , who whooped and whistled with cries of bravo !
i found the shaman standing with the aid of his crutch , out in the meadow watching the sunrise .
ajax shrugged , and led the strange procession across the meadow .
1992 1996 nicole hammer spent the next four summers at gog 's nasty summer camp west for gifted ( but troubled ) teens , at the newly dedicated argus prescott meadow ( former assistant secretary of the navy , and senator prescott 's daddy ) , in the sacred grove , nestled along the scenic russian river , just outside of rio nido , california .
as they started off across the meadow , josephine came running up from behind to join them .
it was a welcome sight , and richard stopped at the edge of a large moonlit meadow so he and the horse could rest .
when she led richard into a vacant room not far from the opening , dakota followed him in , sniffed the place , and proceeded out to the alpine meadow .
richard and josephine followed them on horseback until they reached the meadow where dakota stopped to eat .
when they reached the edge of the meadow , dakota paused , seeming reluctant to enter the blast zone .
after he finished with the new recruits , captain walker spotted richard out in the meadow watching dakota play with the other horses .
when he reached the edge of the meadow , dakota neighed and then trotted over to see him .
it had previously indicated that the land ahead included a mixture of woods , meadows , lakes , rivers , streams and hills but now the map also showed a large area with no other markings .
he walked forward to the fence separating the railway from the meadow below .
yet in the meadow below there was growing despair .
there was a sudden boom in the meadow behind and an ornate object suddenly materialized on the grass .
they all sat eating , occasionally glancing at the ornate spacecraft sitting in the meadow behind .
he intended to drop directly onto the meadow close to the boat shed .
all was now quiet in the alien meadow .
at this impasse there was a sudden boom in the meadow and a multiverseyellow cab appeared !
it provided safe passage across a small pebbly creek that wound its way through a meadow in the middle of the forest .
he was standing on the edge of a meadow of bright green grass that swayed slowly back and forth as if dancing for him in the wind .
a lone tree , which deke could not identify , stood in the middle of the meadow .
i do not question that , nor was any disrespect intended , palto , mary said pointing to the tree in the meadow .
quickly , follow me , mary said to the others as she began to walk swiftly across the meadow toward the tree .
there s the sheep meadow .
beyond the small meadow aspens , whose leaves rustled in the warm breeze , stood guard shutting out the rest of the world .
birds sang and swooped through the air around the pond while the sun slowly made its way across the meadow and began to set .
the sun hung just above the trees their shadows were cast across the small meadow .
the meadow suddenly fell quiet .
a mans shadow crept slowly across the dead meadow toward tom .
it was just a dream about a meadow .
he told her about the beautiful meadow and how he had felt so much peace there , more than any other place in his life .
the tapestry had a picture of a meadow with a small lake in the center of it .
this picture showed the meadow just the same as the one that he had seen in his dream many years ago .
the meadow looked the same with the clear lake in its center and trees surrounding it .
this is the meadow from the dream i had when you first picked me up , tom said .
when i left the orphanage , i had a dream about this meadow .
i just saw it get dark and then the meadow began to die .
the meadow had been burned by fire .
he flashed back to the pond and another opening in the meadow appeared that led to a beautiful waterfall .
he saw men fighting around the mountain , in the meadow , in the sky , and around the volcano .
he dreamed at first of the peaceful meadow where the fawn ate next to its mother .
tom ran toward the voice , across the meadow and into the thick forest he raced , searching for his friend .
when they reached the bottom of the hill , they headed toward the trees which ran like soldiers along the far edge of the meadow through which they walked .
three cows grazed in a tiny meadow of scrawny grass .
just a meadow and trees .
then it stopped in one place , and the camera slowly panned around the meadow .
there was nothing but the open meadow , maybe a thousand feet long by a thousand feet wide , irregularly shaped .
the cave entrance cut into the meadow like a jagged wound .
a low mist encased the meadow as well .
there was nothing in the meadow that could attack the team .
they stood at five points that gave them interlocking fields of fire over the entire meadow .
mike opened the back hatch and stood up , looking around the meadow .
okay , so i say we get mickey out of the mech armor , and back down the cave to the play room , so that he can start people moving to get the carcass out and up here to the meadow .
the last thing i want is to have a rotting carcass down there , mike looked up into the sky , around the meadow , and back to everett , i need for you , rob and tom to keep security tight up here .
there s nothing out there bigger than a squirrel that we can see , but , and with this , mike motioned to john smith , i need you to go up there , and set up the drone so that we can see a bigger area than just the meadow .
the meadow , which was outlined with an orange overlay , was in an irregular bowl of a valley , surrounded by high mountains on all sides , with a river that flowed through the middle and emptied out of the valley through a low pass .
the meadow had clouds above it , and there were low lying mists further down the valley .
smith and weitz suddenly realized that they were in a meadow , with four men that had killed men in combat , and those men were the only ones with guns .
mike motioned to the area in the meadow , do you see any electrical generators in the area ?
there were more meadows further down the valley towards the mouth .
the meadow was sandy and did nt have many rocks to get in the way .
it stopped for a moment , looked at the people in the meadow , confused by all of the targets , and then started running directly at lieutenant pang .
mike and pang looked at stein for a moment , then pangs laughter pealed across the meadow .
the carcasses of the dragon and bears were on the other side of the meadow , but as soon as he started screaming , the animals on the carcass mound turned and looked at him .
his hands were straight out , elbows and knees pumping as he sprinted across the meadow .
the grasnigs were fur covered lizards , with hard beaks , bounding across the meadow towards him .
as he cleared a few hundred feet into the meadow , two nightmares came crashing out behind him .
a scream like a steam whistle sounded across the meadow as they chased the little man .
the beast let go of the mech armor wrist with a shriek , landing on all fours and moving slowly back to its partner , lying on the meadow .
he , murphy , and stein turned and walked back to the cave , leaving him with the bladder of water , alone in the meadow .
did you see how fast he was running across the meadow ?
she looked out on the meadow .
mike took his eyes off of the edge of the meadow , trying to see what tom was talking about .
they moved up to smell the death in the meadow .
he looked around for his original target and saw it lying , unmoving on the meadow , twitching as it died .
they looked like the denizens of some demonic charnel house , covered in gore , dripping blood across the grass and sand of the churned up meadow , gods of slaughter and death .
in the meadow , they were prepping for the two new hostiles .
even with the blood and gore strewn across the meadow , everybody was hoping that the distance and amount of meat would keep the other , larger scavengers away .
the sounds of the small animals and insects drifted across the meadow .
a light wind sprung up across the meadow .
nobody dared to piss in the meadow anymore .
the moon glow across the meadow , along the bobbing high grass , was mesmerizing .
when everybody was topside , the crowd moved out into the meadow .
incidentally , nasiirs cabin looked remarkably like a grassy meadow .
even nasiirs private kitchenette had a replenishing meadow to satisfy his needs .
but here whole herds of deer and elk ambled among ancient , vanished meadows .
where are the trees and shrubbery , the meadows and fens ?
they both began running back to the grassy meadow where the kids were dancing .
27 lones camp we climb once again out of the meadows and wind up into the tree line .
beenay 's mind had healed enough for him to recall that the place of refuge that the university people had established for themselves was midway between the campus and saro city , in an open , rural area of rolling plains and grassy meadows .
this time he was crossing a grassy meadow close by one of the arms of the river when he caught sight of two men sitting in a shady patch just across the way , playing some sort of game with dice .
he wandered by starlight across the high mountain meadow , dry soil crunching beneath his boots , and when his legs began to ache he sat down heavily in the dust .
and then , up ahead , coming up fast , settlertown swept to the fore , a sword of green seeming to point at the brown heart of hades , a huge and idyllic park of great meadows , proud newborn forests of seedlings , the very air over it softened by the mists of its lakes and ponds .
the bird is gone , and in what meadow does it now sing ?
the gunslinger hoped to shoot another rabbit in the meadow as they fed , but time was short and no rabbit showed itself .
she reached the little grassy meadow that circled the barn , and stopped in the same spot she always did .
they were in an open meadow , with scattered rocky outcrops , and intermittent plumes of steam rising from the ground .
they ran across the meadow , bearing the approaching scream , and he flung himself on the ground at the last moment , pulling the kids down with him , as the two dactyls whistled and squeaked past them , flapping their wings .
he did n't understand completely , but he felt the shadow of understanding , like cloud - shadow passing slowly across a meadow .
they made sure there were only islands of old - growth forest in the midst of plains and meadows .
when the beavers disappeared , the meadows dried up ; the trout and otter vanished ; soil erosion increased ; and the park ecology changed even further .
not ones who traveled to empty meadows in backward countries .
the land the three of them were currently covering might have been a meadow in die warmer seasons , but now the ground was buried under five feet of snow .
of course , it 's winter , but somehow i do n't think when springtime comes this other - made clearing will blossom like a meadow .
the van labored up through the foothills skirting open meadows , following ancient tracks , an occasional stream - bed .
a meadow in a forest , with a tent and a fire , outside winslow , arizona .
they passed a rocky , steeply slanting meadow where five cows stood gravely at a bark - peeled pole fence , staring out at the walkers and chewing thoughtfully .
around them , the grassy meadow was deserted ; most of the dinosaurs had moved beneath the trees , into the cool of the shade .
it was a beautiful and half - wild upland meadow , rife with buttercups and daisies and wild roses .
at one end of this meadow was an eccentric little cupola - shaped thing - janice said it was called a folly , and they were spotted all over the mohonk grounds .
in the meadow , the confusion and darkness melted away and everything stood clear : the splintery gray poles which held up the folly 's roof , each casting its thin precise shadow ; the table ( equally splintered ) at which they sat on opposing wooden benches , a table that was deeply carved with initials , mostly those of lovers ; the picnic basket , now set aside on the board floor , still open but really finished for the day , the utensils and plastic food - containers neatly packed for the trip back to the hotel .
on some visits to the folly in the meadow , the word playskool was stamped on the phone 's handset .
the meadow which lay upland of mohonk in may of 1982 was a no - clock zone , blessedly tickless .
and who knew how she would feel about the upland meadow if she could never leave it ?
she turns toward the arch again , the one which leads into the den , but sees a meadow slanting down to a rock wall instead .
audrey was standing at the entrance to the folly , looking down the meadow to the rock wall , listening to the hum of the bees and wondering what she was doing here , anyway .
there 's one located at the north end of an upland meadow about three miles from the mountain house itself .
on the map this meadow has no name ( i actually checked the topographical plans in the office this morning ) , but the help have a name for it ; they call it mother and son meadow .
on the map this meadow has no name ( i actually checked the topographical plans in the office this morning ) , but the help have a name for it ; they call it mother and son meadow .
but i can testify that there 's something very special about that meadow , something hushed and - do n't you dare laugh - almost holy .
i think about what adrian said , about how the ghosts in mother and son meadow might live on a slightly different plane , maybe of the astral kind , maybe of the temporal kind , and sometimes ( often , really ) i think miss red might actually come from that plane !
the sheep 's in the meadow , the cow 's in the corn .
but as he mentioned it , she remembered the cool , open feeling of the meadows she had run through not so long ago .
louis , you can tell me you 're going to crop , browse , graze among my lovely hills and valleys and in particular my divinely - wooded meadows , you know , where the fragrant wild ferns and grasses wave in profusion .
it stood in an open meadow beneath a distant yellow sun .
beyond the rock , the meadow , and a ring of straggly yellow brushes stretched a flat horizon broken by the tall white spires of a city .
` ` why , i do n't know , '' moncey said , surprised , when they had tracked him down , lazing in a meadow on the mountainside with some of the other winchesters and small ferals : they were playing a bit of a game , where they tossed tree - branches upon the ground and tried to pick up as many as they could without dropping any .
laurence gave it no credit at all , but a few miles farther along , elsie landed them in a torn - up meadow , with a neatly dug necessary - pit on the low side away from the water , filled in but still fragrant , with signs of occupation by at least some number of dragons .
he had brought them down in a broad meadow , the better to interrogate the remaining ferals , and the other dragons were driving the luckless resident herd in towards them all , so they should make a meal while they worked out what iskierka and the others had done .
` ` we have not time to quarrel ; granby 's very life if not his liberty may depend on quick action , '' laurence said gently , and temeraire sank to his belly with his ruff pinned back , threshing the matted straw of the meadow uneasily with his claws and raking up dust and furrowed earth with it .
these yielded to broad meadows , hard - frozen , and their boot - heels crushed the grass like sand underfoot .
laurence thought himself well used to the company of dragons by now , and he had not minded the streets of peking , or the pavilions where the great beasts slept in vast coiled heaps ; but in the near - absence of light , the persistent low churning noise magnified , and he yet could not wholly repress the shudder which climbed his back as they walked from one stand of trees to another , crossing the meadows where the dragons slept .
on each side of it was a meadow .
the meadow on my side was a wheatfield ; the other field was just grass .
i once got lost in the new housing estate that covered two meadows i had once known every inch of .
they squeezed through a huge iron gateway , rusted part open , part closed , and they were in the little meadow at the bottom of the slope .
there were dozens of stones of all sizes in the small meadow .
` ` but there must be lots of people up in that meadow , '' said the runt .
they did n't say much as they walked up to the meadow filled with stones .
in a meadow a short distance away , across a stream , the boy caught up with the wet and muddy dog .
a dozen miles straight , and then the blood led me off across meadows , over ditches , down a gravel path ( but now i needed sharp eyes to catch the blood- a drip , a drop : the pig must have been dead as anything ) , and i reined my filly in front of a house .
there were deer running in the woods beyond the meadow : i could smell them on the winter 's night 's air .
first , there was the valley on the mainland , the whitewashed house in the gentle meadow with the burn splashing through it , a house that sat like a square of white sky against the green of the grass and the heather just beginning to purple .
and she said , ' young johnnie , run down to the far meadow , and tell your father to come back to the house , that i sent for him . '
i have a good eye , and i enjoyed rattling the pebbles over the meadow and into the water .
not a blade of grass stirred in the meadow .
visualize a meadow of happiness , phoenix .
the forest opened into a meadow .
a long gouge crossed the meadow of yellow milk vetch , directly across the center of the clearing .
walking his way across the meadow , matt noted the clouds , heavy and low , that hung overhead .
in fact , the man had a studious look to his countenance , keenly assessing his surroundings , glancing to matt 's horse , his dogs , the meadow , and the surrounding mountains .
the pair swung around in tandem , aiming for the meadow .
it was built in a meadow where the stream swung around and emptied into a swollen river .
once clear of the forest and sailing into the open , sunlit meadow , she yanked out her pistol and hopped off the rig , running to keep her momentum and her legs under her .
he stared out the cracked side window at the passing meadows and forests far below .
such terrain was a natural playground for climbers , while hikers enjoyed its verdant alpine meadows and ice - blue tarns .
from their vantage point higher in the valley , they could spot a few open meadows , breaks in the jungle canopy , mostly near the ubiquitous volcanic vents .
and a wide plowed meadow where fields of grainlike quinoa alternated with rows of corn , chili pepper plants , beans , and squash .
norman hid in the fringes of the jungle as the helicopter landed in the green meadow beyond .
sam pulled back the leaf to view the open meadow beyond .
he landed in the meadow on his back .
she saw sam collapsed in the flattened meadow , his arms twitching spastically .
again he pictured the friar leaping to his feet from the grassy meadow .
together , they helped henry across the rough terrain to the flat meadow .
the photographer 's eyes met theirs across the meadow .
waterfalls , fir and pine trees , meadows full of rhododendrons , streams lined by hemlock and spruce trees .
as they crested the ridge , a wide river valley stretched ahead , a green swath of meadows , forests , and tilled fields .
then they were trundling across the bridge and soon found themselves back in the meadows and small farmsteads .
ahead , more hills spread in all directions , mostly wooded with a few open meadows .
traffic slowed again , but in only a few minutes , the view opened to the left , revealing an expansive parkland of meadows , gardens , reflecting pools , and patches of forest .
meadows opened , green with wild gentian and edelweiss .
the gypsy encampment filled the grassy fields and long meadows of the mall .
woolly mounds , the bloated bodies of hundreds of sheep dotted the overgrown meadows .
closer at hand , meadows and hedge - lined farm tracts cut the landscape into a quilt of brown grasses and fallow fields .
margaret grantham crossed the makeshift camp set up in a high meadow overlooking the ravine .
he nudged his horse toward the edge of the pine forest , toward an open meadow .
the noise was so loud , he could only stare as twin rows of grass and soil blasted upward , silently chewing across the meadow toward their position .
ahead , a meadow cut across their path , bright with sunshine .
the forest continued beyond the meadow , but how to reach it ?
past a few trees , a steep high alpine meadow spread outward , rapidly being eaten away by the flow of fiery smoke .
ryan hauled sharply on the wheel and sent the jeep leaping over the bank , catching air , before it hit the meadow .
ryan raced across the meadow as the cloud bore down on them .
at the end of the meadow rose a steep slope of raw granite .
the top of the island was a scalloped stretch of emerald green - a high meadow of mosses , lichen , and sea grass , so bright in the sunlight it looked unnatural .
she led the way toward the two - story hunting lodge nestled in the center of the meadow to the right .
a line of eight men rose from the boulder line and stalked across the meadow , staying low , moving stealthily from outcropping to outcropping .
a midsize transport helicopter swept over the lodge and out into the open meadow .
` ` across the meadow , by the boulders .
together , he and seichan burst out the door and into the sunlit meadow and sprinted low to the ground .
according to ollie , the tube ran under the lodge and down to a small cavern below the meadow .
from there , another tunnel led back to the surface , opening on the far side of the meadow .
only ten yards away , the helicopter rested on its wheels in the meadow , rotors churning .
beyond the chopper , the lodge remained dark and quiet on the far side of the meadow .
the meadow receded beneath them .
below , boulders bounced and rolled across the meadow .
farther out , dark meadows and black stands of lodgepole pines stretched toward the distant plateaus and mountains .
painter gaped at the towering cliffs , the dark stands of dark lodgepole pines , and the green meadows that rolled outward from the confluence of two silver creeks .
but he bent down into the meadow grasses and picked up a fluted chunk of rock .
here , verdant high meadows rolled down into valleys filled with misty forests of junipers and frankincense trees .
the centermost square showed a small concrete bunker sticking out of a meadow , like a giant anthill .
and those grounds were huge , over 300,000 acres , almost 500 square miles of misty mountains , towering waterfalls , dark forests , and grassy meadows .
slowly , over time , it had been engineered and converted into a secret facility , carved out underground and burrowed even farther over the years , spreading under the old - growth forest and meadows .
rivers , forests , meadows , and cliffs - the perfect landscape to field - test the various iterations of his neuro - pods .
the view switched to the outside , looking down upon a grassy meadow , a line of oaks in the distant background .
kat strode across the meadow , hefting the shield to test its weight and swinging the pipe to judge its balance .
the grasses stirred as something raced low through them , cutting across the meadow like the fin of a shark through water .
monk called to kowalski as they broke into a wide meadow .
3:25 p.m. gray lifted the helicopter from the meadow with a roar of the rotors .
chuluun pointed past the neighboring sweep of meadows , patched with dense forests , to the next peak , its upper slopes white with snow .
with a thunder of hooves , they raced across meadows of porcupine grass or skirted dense forests of white - barked birches , fringed with blueberry and blackberry bushes .
beyond the forest stretched the highland meadow they had crossed earlier .
monk had called for a short rest stop in a small copse of trees in the dark meadow below the mountain .
` ` find out what 's going on , '' he urged her and strode off toward the open meadow .
8:44 p.m. duncan stood at the edge of the meadow , trying to hold the gyroscopic case between his palms , keeping his fingertips away from its surface .
it fell out of the bottom of the open housing , hit the ground , and rolled into the porcupine grass of the meadow .
the great levels stacked one atop the other ; alloy girders worked organically with what would have been pastoral meadows .
once through , she discovered a rolling meadow of bitterbrush and prickly phlox .
the helicopter lowered toward a meadow on that side .
she did n't recognize it - until a jet of fire shot out the end , lighting up the meadow .
farther out , a military helicopter hovered into view and lowered toward the meadow .
reaching the open meadow , the two marines hauled her between them .
amid the chaos , she kept a firm hold on a handgrip near the open doorway , searching the smoky meadow , the edges of the ghost town .
with the driver staying behind the wheel , the group set off into the meadow .
` ` like fireflies in a meadow , '' jason said , earning a smile from stella .
chapter six : elvi elvi sat in the high meadow , her legs stretched out before her , and watched quietly .
theresa walked out into the meadow .
ethan stumbled out into what he figured for a field or meadow - not that he could see a damn thing , but the rain now hammered him with greater intensity , as if he were no longer protected under the forest 's umbrella .
lights broke out of the pines into the meadow .
ethan glimpsed the meadow through the oaks .
a breeze lapped at ethan 's face , the meadow grasses bending toward the ground .
halfway across deering meadow , he caught the scent of cigarette smoke riding on the breeze .
a series of meadows and forests gradually climbed toward a range of mountains in the far distance .
damn had it covered some ground , the abby hauling ass now across the meadow at a full sprint in that low , scuttling gait reminiscent of a pit bull .
across the meadow , evergreens stand ghost - like , almost invisible through the steam and the snow .
beyond his weather - protected nook , snow pours down into the meadow .
the next time his eyes open , the sky through the branches is infused with deep blue and the meadow lies buried beneath a foot of sparkling white .
the saplings in the meadow bend under the weight of snow like little arches .
hassler crawls out from under the overhanging branches and sets out across the meadow .
in the center of the meadow , he stops and glasses the terrain through the scope of his winchester .
` ` according to the plan , kendra will help guide aaron to a meadow roughly two miles from the gate to wyrmroost .
the helicopter was supposed to set down in the cordate meadow so they could continue the journey on foot .
less than a minute later , the desired meadow came into view , an unmistakable white valentine amidst the trees , smaller than kendra had expected .
using the mounting ranks of high ground for reference , she tried to visualize some of the unseen ravines , valleys , meadows , streams , and lakes .
they picked their way across stony scree , forded narrow brooks , traversed brushy meadows , and skirted an oblong lake .
kendra , trask , mara , and dougan sprinted down the hill , drawing to a halt at the edge of a broad meadow .
panicked perytons came streaking down the hill , leaping and gliding out over the meadow , some quite high , others skimming along just above the brush .
the perytons in and above the meadow tried to veer away from the oncoming threat , but the dragon swooped across the far side of the meadow , batting perytons from the air with claws and tail .
the perytons in and above the meadow tried to veer away from the oncoming threat , but the dragon swooped across the far side of the meadow , batting perytons from the air with claws and tail .
many of the perytons in the meadow had reversed their course and were now coming back toward them .
most of the perytons landed between thirty and fifty yards from the edge of the meadow , springing and flapping hard in the attempt to clear at least the initial treetops .
farther across the meadow , the dragon emerged from the trees on foot , wings folded , neck craning up like some nightmarish dinosaur .
trask scooped kendra into his arms and ran out into the meadow .
mara dug in her heels and the peryton lunged forward , running along the border of the meadow parallel to the trees , taking them away from the charging dragon .
mendigo crashed out from under the trees into the meadow , holding the knapsack by a leather strap .
once aloft , the dragon passed swiftly out of view , heading back toward the larger meadow .
from the edge of a clearing , seth saw a wide meadow with a grassy hill in the middle .
the golem set off across the meadow , crossing to the hill with long strides .
` ` when we approached the meadow of the seven kingdoms , a shadowy figure fled , '' tanu said .
` ` a hermit troll could not have entered the meadow .
` ` i noticed some interesting tracks in the meadow of the seven kingdoms , '' tanu said casually .
we were investigating that crescent - shaped meadow near where the forgotten chapel used to stand .
cradling dale , hugo ran past the hedge and into the meadow surrounding the pond .
the interiors of the hedges were meticulously trimmed , and the lawn of the meadow appeared freshly clipped .
after meandering for some time beneath the trees , the track continued across an expansive meadow .
he spotted birds , squirrels , and rabbits in the meadow , but saw nothing supernatural .
not far beyond , they wandered into a little meadow .
the brush and wildflowers in the meadow grew nearly waist high .
let 's take a good look around the meadow , said seth .
he made a complete search of the perimeter of the meadow , finding neither holes nor trails .
seth suggested , indicating the highest point visible from the meadow , less than a quarter - mile away .
back under the trees , the line of sight to both hill and meadow was disrupted .
the hill is to the west , the meadow is east .
the operatives were bound at their hands and ankles and each one had at least two guns trained on him from the surrounding troops , but they all looked as carefree as if they were picking wildflowers in a meadow .
i played with the other children in the warm , dusty streets , ran through the long grass and the wildflowers in the meadows , and paddled in that sparkling river which was drowned by the sea of the east so many years ago that they are beyond counting .
this was before those people developed their obsession with straight , well - maintained roads , and what we followed were little more than wagon tracks that meandered along the course of least resistance across the meadows .
and deer , as placid and docile as sheep , grazed in the lush green meadows and watched with large and gentle eyes as i passed .
he asked as we started across the meadow .
the she - wolf came loping across the meadow .
there are woods inland , dark evergreen forests such as you 'll find in any northern region , and some fairly extensive meadows in the mountain valleys to the north .
since the weather was fine and there were a lot of guests in attendance , the wedding took place in a pleasant flower - strewn meadow on the outskirts of annath .
in time , the monstrosity was completed , and the engineers rolled it out into a nearby meadow to find out if it could really work .
it was a long , lushly green meadow that sloped down to the lake - shore with the river bordering it to the south .
the river bank was lined with ancient white birch trees , and steep , wooded , dark green hills embraced the meadow on the other two sides .
i 'd already more or less decided where i wanted my house , but i did n't want to seem arbitrary , so i let killane amuse himself with his sketch - pad while i explored the surrounding meadow and forests .
if we tromp around durin ' th ' rainy season , about all we 'll manage t ' do is t ' turn yer beautiful meadow into a mud - bog , do n't y ' know , an ' i ' m after thinkin ' y ' would n't like that too much .
the meadow which had first attracted my attention ran on down about a quarter mile to the lake - front to the west , and as i 'd envisioned , the encircling wooded hills with the snow - capped mountains lying to the east made it all just perfect .
we buried him in a small grove of trees near the top of the meadow the next day , and the wind , seeming almost to share our sorrow , sighed in the evergreen trees on the hillside above us .
i set to work the following morning ' encouraging ' my rose - bushes to expand and encroach on the fair meadow that stretched on down to the lake .
' before you get started , unhitch the horses , water them , and stake them out in that meadow .
i kept ranging back and forth in wide arcs , and eventually reached an open meadow back in the forest .
there were deer tracks , rabbit tracks , and lots of bird tracks out in that meadow , but no human footprints .
part one berit chapter 1 a chill haze was rising from the meadow , and thin clouds had drifted in from the west to obscure the cold , brittle sky .
sparhawk 's army , girt in steel and leather and thousands strong , was lined up along a broad front in the frost - covered grass of the meadow near the ruins of tzada .
she thought a moment , staring off at the frost - silvered forest beyond the meadow .
the troll - gods had taken their creatures firmly in hand when the feeding orgy had come suddenly to an end , and the trolls were now gathered around a huge bonfire several miles out in the meadow holding what appeared to be religious observances of some sort .
the huge presence came across the frosty meadow , plowing a dark path through the silver - sheathed grass .
he was in the pavilion again and he looked out through the open flap at the flower - studded meadow , the sparkling azure sea , and the rainbow - colored sky above .
he followed her from the pavilion out into the meadow where the white tigress indulgently watched the awkward play of her large - footed cubs .
a sudden cloud of inky darkness appeared at the edge of the snow - covered meadow , and a great voice bellowed , ' no ! '
the enormity of the fire - god appeared , steaming away the snow covering the meadow around him .
compassionate anakha sighed as he watched the burning man run out across the snowy meadow , growing smaller and smaller in the distance and with his cries of agony and woe and unspeakable loneliness receding with him as he began the first hour of his eternal punishment .
their clearly visible trail stretched back to the middle of an open meadow where it stopped abruptly , almost as if the horses and riders had been dropped there out of the sky .
they rode on across a broad , rolling meadow covered with the rank salt - grass .
the moon washed out all color , making the grass whipping at the horses ' legs seem gray and the forest beyond the meadow a formless black blot .
the place has everything we need - shelter , water , plenty of firewood nearby , and then there 's that steep meadow a hundred yards off to the south , so there 's plenty of forage for the horses . '
they pastured their horses in the adjoining meadow by day and brought them inside the makeshift fort as the sun went down .
she crossed the steep meadow where the horses grazed .
itagne 's face was troubled as he came back along the narrow path from the meadow to the open area in front of the cave .
xanetia and kalten were leading them across the meadow that sloped down toward the glowing lake and the strangely alien town nestled on the near shore .
a hint of frost , fast melting in the newly risen sun , steamed on the meadow , and the shade under the boughs of the evergreens beyond that meadow was a deep , deep blue .
a hint of frost , fast melting in the newly risen sun , steamed on the meadow , and the shade under the boughs of the evergreens beyond that meadow was a deep , deep blue .
' there was a meadow out there a mile or so from where the cliff is now , and that 's where the pier is .
it lay at the edge of a vast marshy meadow with bhelliom 's escarpment looming over it to the south .
the sun was just rising far to the southeast , and the grassy meadow was thick with frost that glittered in the slanting sunlight .
' how large is the meadow , your majesty ? '
' they ' ve been gathering out in the middle of the meadow every day for the past several weeks .
' why do n't we move a mile or so out into the meadow so they can see us .
they 'll reclaim their trolls and cyrgon will be left standing out there in the middle of the meadow all alone . '
the church knights , their armor gleaming in the slanting rays of the newly risen sun and the pennons on their lances fluttering , rode forward , the hooves of their heavy war - horses crushing the knee - high grass of the meadow .
they trotted perhaps two miles out into the frostwhite meadow , and then vanion held up his hand to signal a halt .
then an atan woman came running back across the frosty meadow .
the scout came the rest of the way across the meadow to join them .
and the two galloped out across the frozen meadow .
what i ' m getting at is would you be doing anything that would startle travellers if we went out into this meadow a ways and you did whatever it is there ? '
and there it was in the lands of the horse - people that the design of the church of chyrellos was accomplished , for there , separated from their friends by legions of ravening peloi , drychtnath and starkad wrought slaughter upon the foe , bathing the meadow 's grass with the blood of their enemies .
the rite of passage took place in a broad meadow outside the city .
an ancient stone altar adorned with wild - flowers stood between two broad oaks at the centre of the meadow , and two bronze , basin - like oil - lamps flared , one on each end of the altar .
the night was silent except for the guttering of the torches and the sighing of the breeze in the dark forest surrounding the meadow .
they set up their night 's encampment that evening in a meadow beside a turbulent mountain stream that had carved a deep gorge in the mountains .
birds sang from the trees beside the winding track , and the smell of sun - warmed evergreens was touched lightly with the delicate odors of the acre upon acre of wildflowers carpeting the steep meadows .
the meadows were steep and lush and speckled with wildflowers bending in the mountain breeze .
it was an area of steep meadows with grass and wildflowers nodding in the mountain breeze .
he tilted on one wing and swooped down toward the well - traveled track stretching up one of the meadows toward a gap in a rocky ridge .
at the upper end of the meadow , he flared his wings .
gently guiding cyradis , toth led them back to the gap in the ridge and down the steep path that crossed the high meadows .
she turned then and walked away , crossing the flowery meadow toward the dark edge of the forest .
they rode out onto an open meadow and proceeded at a walk toward the grim - looking castle .
they rode out of the city and to a meadow a few miles away .
her face looks like a meadow full of fireflies on a summer evening .
poledra , as calmly as she would if crossing a meadow , approached the awful monstrosity .
eriond and horse rode out at the first light before the others had awakened , cantering across a mountain meadow in the silvery dawn - light .
he kicked his mount into a loping canter and rode back across the foggy meadows lying between the sea and the dark forest toward the village .
he said , pointing at a line of torches strung out across the meadow lying between the village and the edge of the forest .
vard led the line of torch - bearing villagers toward the dark forest at the upper end of the meadow , and toth , towering above all the rest , strode beside him .
the meadow was still wet from the days of dense fog ; by the time garion and silk reached the protecting shadows at the edge of the trees , they were both soaking wet .
they rode out of the village and up across the meadow to the edge of the dark forest .
in spite of belgarath 's sorrow for his lost wife , errand looked out at this small , green valley with its trees and its stream and its lush meadow with a deep and abiding contentment .
the snow was not deep enough to make the runners of the sled bog down , and errand was able to coast amazing distances across the meadow at the bottom of the hill because of the terrific momentum built up as he slid down the slope .
he flew across the meadow and in among the trees .
` ` you slid all the way down the hill , '' she asked quite calmly , ` ` and clear across the meadow ? ''
errand watched the old man quietly for a time , then drifted over to the window to look out at the sun - warmed meadows of the vale .
the early morning sunlight slanted across the dewdrenched meadow , and skylarks sang and spun through the sweet - smelling air .
he had someplace to go and he set out across the dewy green meadow in the direction of the tower he had seen from belgarath 's window .
after she had watched him come flying down the hill and across the meadow a few times , polgara prudently asked durnik to erect a barrier at the stream bank to prevent a recurrence of the previous winter 's mishap .
then , because it was growing quite chilly atop the hill , he pushed his sled into motion and coasted down the long slope and across the meadow and to within a few dozen yards of where durnik was fishing with such total concentration that he was oblivious of all that was going on around him .
from somewhere in a meadow high above them where the morning sun had already touched the emerald grass , a shepherdess lifted her voice to sing to her flock .
the tree stood in solitary immensity in the middle of a broad meadow , its trunk larger than a house , its wide - spread branches shading entire acres , and its crown rising hundreds of feet into the air .
when he arrived , he found the two armies drawn up on opposite sides of a broad , open meadow .
when spring was in full flower and the meadows rising steeply behind the city had turned bright green , touched here and there with vibrantly colored patches of wildflowers , ce'nedra began behaving peculiarly .
and so it was that , shortly after breakfast , the rivan king , hand in hand with his little queen , left the citadel with a well - stocked basket , crossed the broad meadow behind the city , and strolled into the sunlight - dappled shade beneath the evergreens that mounted steeply toward the glistening , snow - capped peaks that formed the spine of the island .
the nights had turned chilly in the past few weeks , and the higher meadows lying above the city were touched with frost when the sun arose .
not long after that , when spring had begun to touch the lower meadows of the slopes behind the citadel , the promised letter from king anheg arrived .
chapter twenty polgara looked at garion critically as they stood together in a high , open meadow above the still - burning city of jarviksholm while the pale light of dawn washed the stars out of the sky .
they circled the meadow several times in the shadowless luminosity of dawn .
the trailed across the meadow rising steeply behind the citadel and then into the forest of dark fir and spruce where garion and ce'nedra had often strolled on their summer outings .
when they reached the upper edge of the forest , garion stared up at the steep , rock - strewn meadow rising above the timberline .
it took the better part of the day to go over the pass and through the green meadows lying in the hidden valleys among the mountains beyond .
` ` he 'd been alone with his flock up in the meadows on the western side of the isle , '' kail explained .
most of my army 's still under control - out there in the meadows on the other sides of those rivers .
about all they 're clinging to at the moment is the expectation of seeing wargun 's armies coming across the meadows lying to the west of the river arruk .
there are thousands of torches coming across the meadows on the other side of the river arruk .
he found himself in a gaily - coloured pavilion , and beyond the open tent flap was a broad green meadow , all aswirl with wild flowers .
she led him with precise and delicate steps into the flower - kissed meadow , a meadow so sweet - smelling as to make the senses swoon .
she led him with precise and delicate steps into the flower - kissed meadow , a meadow so sweet - smelling as to make the senses swoon .
the flower - tipped grasses bowed before the warm breeze as sparhawk followed the white deer across the meadow to the blue - tinged shade beneath the ancient trees .
there was a broad meadow not far from the house , and faran was cantering easily in a wide circular course around the meadow .
there was a broad meadow not far from the house , and faran was cantering easily in a wide circular course around the meadow .
the trilling song of the child - goddess rose into the sky as faran continued to tirelessly circle the meadow , and as she played , the dirty - looking murk overhead opened and rolled back almost as a bolster is turned back on a bed , and a deep blue sky dotted with fluffy , sunrise - touched clouds appeared .
they rode out of the grove of trees at a canter and crossed a wide green meadow where brown and white spotted cows grazed in knee - deep grass .
they rode north for the better part of two hours until they came to a broad meadow dotted with grass - covered burial mounds .
we 'll just put them out in your meadow , if that 's all right . ''
` ` there 's no real danger here in this meadow , '' flute assured them .
the sky was growing lighter as they moved out into the meadow lying just to the south of their encampment , following the flute - like sound .
' i ca n't make out who it is yet , but it seems to be coming from that tree out in the centre of the meadow .
he turned and led the way back across the meadow towards the camp .
sparhawk and sephrenia turned aside from the road and crossed a winter - browned meadow towards the building .
the weather had cleared off , and the noonday sun was very bright as sparhawk , kalten , and sephrenia , who still carried flute in front of her saddle , rode across a broad meadow of yellow grass towards the fortress .
he had gone perhaps a half a mile when he saw a grassy meadow through the trees .
as he approached the meadow , he heard the thudding of hooves .
he pushed his way to the edge of the meadow , parted the bushes , and peered out .
faran , his roan coat glistening in the morning sun , cantered easily in a wide circular course around the meadow .
sparhawk gaped at them , then stepped out into the meadow to stand directly in the big roan 's path .
she had come out from among the trees and stood at the edge of the meadow with her white robe gleaming in the morning sun .
she looked out at the great horse and his tiny passenger joyously circling the dew - drenched meadow in the golden morning sunlight .
the pandions swung up into their saddles and moved cautiously through the wood until they reached the edge of the broad meadow that surrounded the count 's castle .
after a moment of stunned paralysis , the shabby attackers bolted , fleeing across the meadow , fleeing in a kind of panic sparhawk had seldom seen in professionals .
he mentioned that to longbow 's friend athlan when the archer returned to report that he 'd just located a sizeable meadow with lots of grass just ahead .
they usually sort of lingered along the horizon , but this one seemed to be rising up from meadows and mountains on all sides of the dreamland , and the beauty almost took balacenia 's breath away .
the men grumbled a bit , but they went on out into the meadow and started digging up sod for all they were worth , while the women came along behind them planting beans and other things that are good to eat .
the meadows surrounding the village were lush and green , so the cattle had little reason to wander off .
it was generally known in that part of the world that the lush meadows of malavi produced the finest beef to be found anywhere at all .
their cattle - herds had continued to expand during the war , but since they no longer had access to the trogite cattle - buyers , their meadows had been grazed almost down to the roots .
2 they went a short way out into the meadow where nobody was near and then stopped .
` ` the deer around here have to do their grazing in the meadows .
there 's a fairly large meadow just on ahead of us .
there are several other meadows nearby , but the one just ahead is closer to our camp , so if we take a few deer there , we wo n't have to drag them so far .
they stepped across a narrow brook that wandered through the deep forest , and athlan saw the edge of the meadow about a hundred paces ahead .
` ` we 're coming up on that meadow i was telling you about , '' he whispered .
they crouched down at the edge of the forest and looked out at the meadow .
the bigger ones are most likely farther out in the meadow . ''
athlan could see farther out into the meadow now , and he was a bit surprised by how many deer were grazing out there , and it seemed that every time he blinked , there were still more .
athlan peered out into the meadow and finally located the large , massively antlered deer longbow had chosen .
` ` you should learn to trust your bow , athlan , '' longbow said , slowly rising to his feet and peering on out across the still dimly lighted meadow .
then he released it , and his arrow arced out over the meadow in the faint predawn light and struck the large deer he had chosen .
when they 're hungry enough , they 'll even graze in the meadows in broad daylight .
` ` they 're gathering in a large meadow about a half mile to the north . ''
` ` is there any open ground between us and that meadow ? ''
` ` there 's a dry creekbed that leads down into that meadow , '' rabbit replied .
they veered off through the hemlock woods and then followed the dry streambed on down to the meadow .
oddly enough , the uncluttered meadow lying off to the west no longer disturbed her .
late the following day narasan 's army marched down out of the mountain range and moved on into the meadow .
it somehow seemed to trenicia that they were n't even moving as they pushed on out across the endless meadow for the next week or more , but then red - beard turned and galloped seven back to join narasan and the others .
there was a nice little brook that giggled down through asmie , generously giving the tribe all the water they needed , and the endless meadow to the south of the village provided fuel for the cooking fires - if the members of the tribe had gathered up enough of the plentiful bison droppings to get them through the following winter .
i can take these meadow hares with my sling and i ' ve got a nice sharp fish - spear , so i usually have plenty to eat .
just run away , and stay out in the meadow until the young ladies find somebody else to chase . ''
they ' ve started to go on out into the meadows and set up individual camps , and they threaten anybody who comes near their camp .
` ` there 's a rock - pile that juts up out of the meadow near a place where several bison herds go to get water .
torl squinted across the steep meadow that lay between the first breastwork and the second .
the rounded hills behind that new village had gentler slopes than the steep peaks somewhat to the east of lattash , there was a patch of woods just to the north of the new village , and a meadow that stretched for miles beyond those woods .
' she and yaltar are out in that meadow just beyond the trees , ' red - beard told me .
they suggested sod , and the men of the tribe are out in that meadow cutting sod for all they 're worth .
' it makes that ravine look like a gentle meadow , sister mine , ' veltan replied glumly .
nanton was a tall , bearded shepherd who had a large flock that grazed in the meadow above the falls of vash .
if there 's going to be a war up there , though , i 'll move them to a safer meadow . '
then he turned and went back across the meadow toward the creek - bed .
the basin at the top of the narrow pass appeared to be primarily a meadow dotted here and there with clumps of trees .
` ` the chieftains of the various tribes occasionally meet , but usually in open meadows , where there 's not much chance of surprises . ''
if there happens to be a meadow nearby , we should give this place some serious consideration . ''
the meadow beyond the trees extended for miles , and the stream they 'd seen on the beach the previous day seemed to wander aimlessly through that meadow .
the meadow beyond the trees extended for miles , and the stream they 'd seen on the beach the previous day seemed to wander aimlessly through that meadow .
` ` i 'll have to see the meadow , '' the stout middle - aged woman named planter told red - beard that afternoon .
` ` has this meadow ever been worked ? ''
if we want the men of the tribe to start cutting sod now to clear the meadow for planting , i do n't think we should depend on the summer wind to persuade them that it 's the best thing to do . ''
now they 're out in the meadow doing what they think is men 's work .
there were trails of sorts up here , winding , vagrant tracks meandering between the dazzling white peaks and across the high , pale green meadows where wildflowers nodded in the mountain breeze .
` ` let 's take that path over there , '' he suggested , pointing at a scarcely visible track angling off across an open meadow , littered with bits of log bleached white by sun and weather .
later that same day , they rode down into a valley where a collection of log houses and tents stood beside a fair - sized stream at the edge of a meadow .
garion asked as they rode across the broad meadow .
` ` which way do we go when we get to the long meadow up on top ? ''
there was a fragrance in the air , washing down over the city from the high meadows in the mountains behind riva and mingling with peat smoke and the salty tang of the sea .
the meadows were a dusty autumn green , and the streams and lakes sparkled in the sun .
the horses were moving at a walk now , following aunt pol and mister wolf across the meadow .
aunt pol said sharply , pointing at the meadow beyond the fallen temple .
a procession of robed and hooded figures moved slowly through the meadow , chanting in unison to the sound of a mournfully tolling bell supported on a heavy pole they carried on their shoulders .
chapter six the procession of monks moved on , the sound of their chanting and slowly tolling bell growing fainter as they crossed the meadow .
a piercing wail echoed across the sunny meadow , and mister wolf made a sour face .
with an amazing burst of speed , he ran out over the meadows .
they rode until late afternoon and stopped for the day beneath an enormous tree which stood alone in the center of a broad meadow .
the two of them rode in silence through the green meadows with the golden afternoon sunlight making the entire vale warm and lovely .
coming across the meadow not far from the great tree beneath which they had pitched their tents , a figure in a blue robe was approaching .
then , unable to restrain himself any more , the colt galloped off into the meadow to pester a family of docilely feeding rabbits .
still lost in thought , he turned then and walked across the meadow toward the large , white rock the old man had pointed out to him from the tower window .
with dismay , garion realized that he had sunk up to his armpits in the firm soil of the meadow .
` ` well , at least i did manage to move it , '' garion said defensively as he followed the old man across the meadow toward the tower .
part three - ulgo chapter thirteen the following morning they turned northwest and rode toward the stark , white peaks of the mountains of ulgo , glittering in the morning sun above the lush meadows of the vale .
i ' m not in any hurry to frolic in the meadow naked , but i ' m not saying i ' m closed off to a relationship either . ''
` ` frolic in a meadow ? ''
` ` will any meadow do or is there a special one you have in mind ? ''
` ` any meadow .
` ` you up for another frolic in the meadow later ? ''
` ` do n't you remember what happened last time we did the naked frolicking in the meadow thing ? ''
the first men were given the coastlands , the high plains and bright meadows , the mountains and bogs , but the deep woods were to remain forever the children 's , and no more weirwoods were to be put to the axe anywhere in the realm .
the land was gentle enough , rolling hills and terraced fields interspersed with meadows and woodlands and little valleys where willows crowded close to slow shallow streams .
rymund the rhymer sat by the brewhouse amidst a circle of listeners , his deep voice ringing as he sang of lord deremond at the bloody meadow .
she saw him at once , hoping for some word from robb , or from ser rodrik in winterfell , but the message proved to be from one lord meadows , who named himself castellan of storm 's end .
he had seen sunlight flashing on icy thin waterfalls as they plunged over the lips of sheer stone cliffs , and a mountain meadow full of autumn wildflowers , blue coldsnaps and bright scarlet frostfires and stands of piper 's grass in russet and gold .
` ` the umbers are mostly east of the kingsroad , but they graze their sheep in the high meadows in summer .
the ground from here to the wall was grasslands , bran knew ; fallow fields and low rolling hills , high meadows and lowland bogs .
no land could have been more different from tarth , with its mountains and waterfalls , its high meadows and shadowed vales , yet this place had its own beauty , brienne thought .
up in the high meadows north of lord yronwood 's estates , the air was always crisp and cool after dark , no matter how hot the day had been .
men have lived in the high valleys and mountain meadows for thousands of years , ruled by their clan chiefs .
` ` the east bank of the widow 's wash , from crossbow ridge to rutting meadow , and all the islands in the stream .
the caleche broke through the forest into a wide meadow .
a fox rushed into the meadow , its tail bushed with fright .
they passed the trampled , bloody hunting meadow .
in the new farm , jim found a forty - acre playground of meadows , woods , and creeks .
he did not imagine the high mountain meadows where the waters began their journey as pure as liquid diamond .
haven closed her eyes when she felt pressure building behind her forehead and thought of a green meadow bathed in warm sunlight .
the meadow was surrounded by a ring of tall trees .
they made her smile , which , in the meadow , was the only thing that mattered .
one of them shifted into the shape of a bird and floated gently down to the meadow .
for an instant she was in the meadow of her mind - the place she went to find peace when the world around her did n't make sense .
she had forgotten about the meadow after the fire .
and listen to mei promised them that by the time they return , this land will be as clean and safe as clover meadow .
the meadow .
i waited and watched your landing in the grass meadows near the old red barn on the edge of five points station for your first contact with the new baby .
they looked out over a vast landscape of swampland , hills , and meadows that stretched out to the horizonbut no town .
the meadow was wet and humid after yesternights loud torrents .
the sunrays needed time to evaporate the water which was making electras feet wet as she walked in the blooming meadow dotted with the drops of yesterdays long rain .
the crow swept before the lovers , then flew up into the sky , fluttered over the gorges and meadows resting under the moonlight , soared above the peaks of the trees , passed the sharp mountains and flew near ostband , where dim flames of fire were burning inside the windows .
trying to find a single tree out of so many is akin to locating a specific blade of grass in a meadow .
she 's maybe two hundred yards away from the house walking through the meadow .
the horses neighed and came to a stop in a meadow at the border of a towering forest .
streams of sunlight glistened through the branches and leaves as jules crossed the border of the woods into a huge meadow .
the horses neighed , making her jump as the wagon ploughed through a meadow of purple and yellow wildflowers .
a strong scent of manure wafted past as the wagon raced through the meadow .
they had barely reached a large meadow away from the village when darkness rushed in too quickly , a silver moon appearing in the sky .
it was victor , fighting the same two immortals shed just seen in the meadow .
the picture in her head returned to the meadow .
her friends were gone , and she was in the meadow with victor .
i was standing in the middle of a meadow full of daisies , the sun bright on my face .
and yet , here they were , emerging from the trees lining the perimeter of the meadow .
something kept them at the edge of the meadow , and i could get a good look at them .
i was back in the meadow , warm and sunny .
before me is a beautiful meadow of wildflowers .
on the other side of the meadow lies a wide , glittering bridge embedded with diamonds , complete with silver handrails .
i could smell the fresh air filled with the sweet scent of wildflowers growing in the openness of the meadows that were surrounded by the tall curtains of trees framing it .
i walked through the trees and into a meadow searching for quil .
we stepped out into a large meadow .
we were welcomed by a large meadow .
the grass was rich and green as if it had just had a fresh rain shower , there were wildflowers scattered throughout the meadow .
angus hiked up the rutted path to a hilly meadow where he spotted cudweed herding sheep down the driveway .
the first one showed a mountain , the second a creepy looking cemetery and the third a peaceful meadow .
although he longed to be in the peaceful meadow he knew which picture he had to select .
angus reached into his pocket and pulled out the rumpled picture of the familiar meadow .
20 angus and vanora landed with a gentle thump in the meadow on iona where cudweed had kept the sheep .
he liked the way the word mom echoed down the meadow almost as much as he liked saying it .
chapter one she should go to the upper meadow .
kaelah picked up her snares and headed for the upper meadow on the other side of the village where rabbits were more plentiful .
their trail crossed a meadow before entering the pine trees .
men of the village preferred to put their effort into bigger game , like deer and elk , which left the meadow of rabbits ignored by most except kaelah .
follow that trail till it forks at a meadow .
the meadow grasses drifted in the slight breeze as small wrens balanced on the ends , investigating the seedpods for insects .
raven was proud of brumal , and in addition to showing her the hunting meadow , he gladly identified birds and plants that she had never seen in the valley .
they left the forest and stopped at the edge of a large sloping meadow .
the trees changed to meadows and i stared at the few houses we passed , wondering if my family could be in one of them .
well , i thought i lived on meadow lane .
after a few twists and turns through the brush and into a small meadow , jack yelled for us to stop .
in complete serenity , we strolled along the trail for a couple more minutes before a few fenced patches of meadow and a large ranch with long rows of stables came into view .
the forest of trees with the vibrant red leaves had been replaced by bright green meadows .
the terrain they were traveling through was becoming less flat , and the flowers in the meadows were being replaced with tall trees and thicker vegetation .
the trail led along the creek , the same creek that seemed to surround the palace , and opened into a meadow that was like its own world .
she stared in awe at the black horses as they grazed and drank from the creek bordering the meadow .
his eyes followed her as she slowly reached her hand to him , just as she had to the young colt in the meadow .
levi laughed and loosened the reins , heading areion away from the main road toward an open meadow .
it was before reaching the forest that levi turned right , off the road , and through a grassy meadow with a tall mountain range behind it .
this side of the castle faced a meadow , where no archers could hide and no harm could come .
we were in the middle of a grass and flower filled meadow .
the queen stood and walked into the meadow .
when she reached the edge of the meadow she reached up and plucked a red apple from an apple tree on the fringe .
yes , i said , moving from the throne and into the meadow .
i asked , stomping around the grassy meadow , flapping my wings sporadically and trying to reclaim my sanity .
this is truly paradise a meadow of pink reefs and colorful playgrounds for fun and adventure .
green meadows .
i park the earth built terrain tractor in a green grassy meadow twenty feet away from a tall new brown brick building like someone built then abandoned .
i swing a face at an overly built big beautiful silver shiny star ship , a ram ship hovering and burning the grassy meadow while totally disintegrates the little tiny earth terrain tractor into a puddle of green goo .
i pushed brutus faster , allowing him to gallop through the tree line and out to where a pond took up much of the open meadow .
we rode past the lane , circling the house through the trees , and stopping where the woods dipped down a hill then opened into a meadow that had a small pond .
sarah did not look back as she thundered across the meadows and into the forest .
they climbed a short , grassy hill , then moved across a heather - thatched meadow .
his pa slapped the reins down onto the back of their painted mare ; the wagon ambled down the worn ruts across the meadow toward the other side of town .
after the midday break , noah went back to work behind a pitchfork in the meadow .
a gunshot rang out from back up in the meadow startling the couple out of their moment .
they past a few clusters of deciduous trees and a couple of barns before the front of their line bent off into a wide meadow .
they broke out in a dead sprint across the uneven meadow .
jimmy nodded through a hard wince and tarried along behind as they made their way across a wide rolling meadow .
a swift breeze swept across the meadow flooding the area with the scent of the mississippis fresh black waters .
the meadow under noahs shoes blurred as jimmy heaved him to his feet .
noah snapped awake out of his dreams of chasing rabbits across the meadows back home .
three of the sideshow tents rippled in the gentle breezes a hundred yards across the rolling meadow on their sides .
noah peeked around the trunk , waiting for the goons to depart , and when they finally did , he and jimmy ran across the dark meadow with their hearts in their throats .
noah peered past his tears into the meadow on the other side of the road .
lakes , meadows , and hills with all kinds of slopes produced an enchanting landscape .
but when we left the broad strip of woods and stepped into a wide meadow , his grip tightened .
he pulled me to a halt in the middle of the meadow .
they showered her with flowers of the meadow and jewels of the sea .
paradise was the only word that could possibly describe the huge meadow she stumbled into as she pushed a screen of vines out of her way .
this led her to the only logical explanation : this meadow had not been created by nature , but by a guardian .
the smell of the meadow hit kiethara almost as hard as the sight of it had .
his light had a dazzling effect on the meadow , sending its beauty into an even finer perspective .
finally , kiethara turned her eyes away from the meadow and towards aaron .
then enjoy the meadow .
she looked out towards the meadow again and sighed in the essence of her mother .
the lakes , her clearing , her mothers beautiful meadow earthaphoria was suddenly in the tree .
chapter 16 durga kiethara was strolling through her mothers beautiful meadow .
we spent afternoonswell , what could best be described as afternoons in ds timeless realmlazing about in a meadow full of asphodels , throwing sticks for spot .
did you know that before yosemite became this magnificent valley , that it was just a meadow ?
now imagine , if it were possible , that yosemite had resisted this changethat it had nt allowed nature to take its course in molding and shaping that meadow .
we crossed a small meadow and entered the woods to start the short trek to where i d hidden my bike .
suddenly the trees were behind me , and i was hobbling across a small grassy meadow .
it reminded me of standing in a meadow after a spring shower .
the store called it warm meadow .
9.kasey and the mermaid the city shone in the night like a million glowworms sitting out in a meadow .
one forty two meadow .
everyone and everything else just saw a random meadow in the middle of the forest .
well , i flew a bit and found this meadow .
i closed my eyes and let the beautiful meadow melt into the dark base .
from the forest they emerged , once carried by the wind and now propelled by nothing but the march , they pushed through golden savannah and meadows of blue , across plains of grass with scattered trees , and a corn field , with corn oddly shaped like ears , before finally , and unnervingly , descending into darkness .
bone china plates , which had once been painted with the sun and moon walking hand - in - hand through a meadow , were chipped and missing large parts of the scene .
between the branches of the many roads were green meadows and a few shrubs and trees , but she could nt see anywhere the farm - house from which she had just come , or anything she had ever seen before -- except the shaggy man and toto .
melody was pumping capella for everything she knew about the mountain meadow massacre .
in the window , stained glass formed the image of a meadow , with rolling hills and streams .
i d seen her spend the day and even the night in the big tree meadow , preparing her circle , gathering her herbs and sitting for hours , quiet and still .
it was the quiet times of my youth that i remember most , with her in the circle and playing with oisin in the meadow .
in my childs mind i had imagined that everyone lived as we did , in a simple wood home with a meadow falling gently into the woods .
if things had not changed so much , i do nt think i ever would have gone anywhere , beyond the meadow and the moor .
losing mam and the meadow was too much for him as well .
after all that i could nt for the life of me find a parking space and had to drive back up to the meadows and park on one of the side streets near the parkland .
unjust deaths have stolen time but seeds sown on ready winds will explode in colors of wild meadows ; prosperity , a new time to humankind and the earth that nurtures us , a golden age i shall journey in the winding gardens of the spider god .
their horses snorted as they raced across the meadow , head - on into the trees .
as toby and i had made our way across rough roads and uneven meadows to get to the town , the ghost people had faded away until i could nt hear them anymore .
it lay at the end of a pathway that sagged between rolling meadows , and then reached a white - bricked moat .
three hours later , the three of us are carefully walking across a little meadow in awkward silence when we are surrounded by a dozen of them .
jamie and aline come from the house and join us on the meadow .
at last we reach the far - side of the forest and enter the fae meadow .
* nemo took her hand in his and they danced amongst the wildflowers of the meadow under a starlit night .
it was the forbidden place , the meadow beyond the garden gate with its rusty hinges .
the sun shone down on the rolling land with lush green hills , meadows , and lakes .
dagdron moved to his fathers side , observing the hilly , flower - covered meadows extending in the distance .
well start on the meadows in the morning .
the father and son nimbly ran in the dark , remaining sure - footed in the dense grass of the hills and dips of the meadows .
we should be able to make it across the rest of the meadows tomorrow .
as the sixth day of their journey was ending , they walked across the last of the meadows and entered a wooded area leading to the base of a single - peaked mountain .
as they came close to the bank they entered a small meadow with the trail leading right to a stone bridge .
pulling out their swords and keeping their backs together , they cautiously made their way back through the meadow .
i attended their wedding ... under a lonely tree , in a lonely meadow , where they played as children , where they argued as youths , where they fell in love forever and carved their names in each other 's heart .
` ` tell me ... what happens to a meadow after it gets tread on ? ''
` ` no , reallywhat would a meadow turn into ? ''
` ` which means before that , this was a meadow . ''
` ` last week , at your grandmother 's , she said maksim and adelaida were married in a meadow . ''
several paintings of meadows with flowers and grassy fields with brightly - colored houses decorated the walls .
no matter how often you repeated the word , there were no meadows .
in front of him spread a meadow blanketed in snow .
all he saw in any direction was snowsnow , the rock , and the old man , who was already halfway across the meadow .
as they journeyed , daniel scanned the area , but all he saw was the vast expanse of the meadow .
he was sitting in a meadow covered with snow .
actually , the old man did nt even need a break on their trek across the meadow .
they were standing in a meadow with the castle far away on the distant hill behind them .
` ` i do hope you find peaceful meadows a better fit than your last town .
but the images of either a dragster or a giant bee seemed ridiculous in a neighborhood like pleasant meadows .
` ` you mean in pleasant meadows ? ''
epilogue the autumnal chill had fallen swiftly upon the cozy town of peaceful meadows .
i m going to the upper meadow to gather grass seeds , she said .
when the meal was over , caris said , sodi and i are going to the upper meadow .
the path leveled out , and they walked through a meadow .
she certainly could nt afford to lose what little luck she had , so she went along with him over the hill and across a meadow to a farmhouse she had never seen before .
trees loomed before us , a meadow full of wildflowers between us and the forest .
we d killed enough time playing in the meadow , and i moved on , warmth blossoming in my chest .
we d traversed the meadow , entering the forest with high spirits , but the shadows in the trees soon wore on us .
he shoved it in his pocket and sauntered up the beach , over the sand dunes , through two fields , jumped the stream , skipped over the puddles in the woods until he came to ' home meadow ' .
sunny ambled back towards home meadow , bottle safely in his keeping .
he did not wait for a reply and broke into a trot across the fields and headed towards the wood and ' home meadow ' .
when they had first occupied ' home meadow ' his dad had specialised in jumping into the sea from the rocks shouting ` ` geronimo ! ''
he was one of the founder members of ' home meadow ' and it was his family that really owned the land .
when uncle pete 's father had died he had made sure that ' home meadow ' was kept safe .
happy with his handiwork , jen collected the box and they set off for the second time back towards ' home meadow . '
have you got any of his paintings in home meadow you can show me ? ''
they trekked across the field , down past the horses ' grave and through the oak wood and all the way back to home meadow .
jen munched on her beetroot sandwich and sat with sunny enjoying the peace and quiet of home meadow .
sunny returned to home meadow to load up all the goods on an old butchers bicycle with a large basket on the front which would take the bulk of the stock .
moonbeam had set off at a great pace back towards home meadow and sunny had to run to catch her up .
sunny and moonbeam had arrived back at home meadow in double quick time .
they had landed in a meadow with only a solitary tree to break up the acres and acres of lush grass .
he stared toward the hedge bordering the meadow .
balkind gambolled up the meadow 's slope with the curious upsie - downsie lopsided gait of a griffin .
on the other side were flat water meadows .
' not until after lunch , ' luke replied , showing no signs of irritation at being interrupted ' there 's no schooling or work today , and mama said we 're not to go near the river again , so me and my friends are going up to the big meadow to play kick - ball . '
luke 's eyes widened with alarm , he snatched the tray up and departed , calling over his shoulder ' if you change your mind , we 'll be in the big meadow . '
the wind blew warm and blustery , a perfect day for kicking a ball around a meadow .
they un - harnessed the oxen , then led them to the meadow , and turned them loose to graze on the lower slopes .
they leaned over a wooden gate , watching the younger children kick a ball around the meadow 's upper slopes .
neb glimpsed a swath of green meadow through the archway of the far building , which appeared to serve as a cattle shed .
instead of a torrent rushing through a narrow chasm , the river cole 's gleaming waters flooded the meadows once more .
buddys voice was calmer than a gentle brook flowing through a garden meadow .
there s nothing here but yellow meadows and colorful wildflowers , sigo !
i fall flapping arms then tuck into a roll hitting the shoulder on the sofa meadow grass then moan .
the meadow is soft .
all he knew for sure was that he was in a very bright place : it was a meadow , peaceful and quiet , with a pool in the middle .
suddenly he was standing in a peaceful green meadow , with the image of a rainbow spread out before him * cole heard peter shouting somewhere in the back of his mind , but it did nt register until several seconds later .
then , all at once , the memories of the night before came rushing back with a force that left him winded : the silver land rover hanging over the windshield like the blade of a guillotine the meadow , with the hideous rainbow and the grisly images of thomas the driver , lily , cole , brock , and himself , covered in blood the centaurs charging towards them , their hooves pounding on the ground , close enough that he could see their bared yellow teeth the shock of teleporting from a tree in the forest to a hallway lined with paintings , landing face down in a blood - red carpet his own reflection staring at him from the canvas of a painting , clothed in a homely blue robe , with a scrubby beard and a crown on his head the deep bone chill as isdemus told him the shadow lord had been searching for him for 1500 years and isdemuss voice saying , yes , bruce is a watcher .
you yourself told us about the meadow with the rainbow and all those images of the accident , and we all saw that car stop in mid - air and reverse .
look , i do nt know what that meadow was , but maybe my life just flashed before my eyes and the adrenaline made my brain do crazy things like freeze a car in mid - air ?
he had seen the accident so many times in that interminable meadow , from the variations of slight angles of force , one after the other : death , death , death , death , and death .
it was as if the blast had disarticulated the floor of the castle and distributed it centripetally from its source all around the meadow .
rather , the meadow and the ruins seemed to dissolve , and he found the landscape rearranging itself as if by pixilation on a computer screen .
they contrasted starkly with the peaceful meadow .
i know i can fix him , said peter through gritted teeth , if i could just get back to the meadow where i reversed the glass , i could reverse this too .
we walked along , trying to stay on the thick clumps of matted - down meadow grass instead of the rain - saturated ground .
i found that we were now laying on our backs in a meadow , looking up at the million stars lighting up the sky .
i lifted my head to see principal saint standing at the edge of the meadow , dressed all in black and with a terrible , foreboding expression on his face .
the space was too small to be called a meadow , but was hollowed out by a perfect ring of forest surrounding it .
a valley of green meadows , yellow rows of corn , blue semi - round lakes of water , white horizontal rows of cotton , black dots of horses , white dots of cows then hundreds , a sinlge gray beam with brown freckles .
it is predicated to happen within , here the farm lands and green meadows of apollo .
she fingers the west side of the meadow , studying him .
the baritone voice echoes across the open meadow .
the soul - catcher views the meadows , listening .
a single shotgun echoes across the open meadow .
a field of tiny black round balls run forward , backwards , side to side in a grass meadow making up a solo ball or a group of balls then disappear .
pick , garth stands , viewing the meadow , whispering .
we all landed in a soft green meadow .
but just as i did that , we were no longer in the meadow .
the field of visions was a meadow , ten square miles in length .
my dreams never lasted long ; after a few minutes in the relaxing meadow , elios usually disappeared , whispering something i could nt hear .
lets go to the little meadow first then we can turn around .
how do you know about the meadow ?
there s a big flat rock and a small meadow with grasses and wild flowers and an old stone cottage nearby .
after the gloom of the woods , the meadow was bright and inviting .
it would have been nice to spend some time in the little meadow .
as we exited the meadow , i noticed another trail that seemed to run parallel to the one we were following .
there were a lot more people now , the hilltop meadow was packed .
her beauty was nt a wild mountain meadow , perfect as it is .
before they could attack an empty meadow , wolf closed his trap with some powerful explosions that chucked a lot of wood around .
all villagers could use a meadow adjoining the square as pasture land .
unhappily , in her stress , the gruesome smile remained plastered on her face like a super sloppy cow pie on a pristine meadow .
then , he put out a big bucket of water on the wide expanse of what used to be a lawn but was now a flowering meadow , and left her alone with the pup and hank 's training bot .
the little donkey had no problem pulling the cart across the meadow .
liam anxiously scanned the meadow .
panic gripped liam and he frantically checked the meadow again .
mica said nothing , but slowly paced the meadow in ever widening circles .
the deer passed silently through the meadow .
sunlight hitting the trees below cast long shadows across a pleasant meadow .
a slight breeze brushed his face with the fragrance of the wild flowers that dappled the meadow .
the chain stretched towards a small outcrop of rock near the meadow 's edge .
mica snapped the reins and guided the cart across the meadow , following the swing of the pendant .
he stepped from the grassy meadow into the stone corridor .
the full moon cast long shadows across the meadow where they had camped .
for an instant she was in the meadow of her mindthe place she went to find peace when the world around her did nt make sense .
kay was only a moment behind her , and they stretched with relish , looking around them at the rolling meadows , at the blue - grey mountains in the distance .
kay galloped across the misty meadow , the freshness of the morning sun warming her face .
i thought you felt the way i did , that you wanted to stay here forever beside her , she felt reese turn his gaze , staring out alongside her toward the sweep of the meadow , the line of the road .
em looked out at the brightly lit meadows .
as selena contemplated taking another lap around the field , she turned and found the lone figure of a boy standing at the edge of the meadow , which was ringed by cedar trees .
now beth was in a meadow and there was a little girl playing around , flying a kite .
the grass disappeared , the meadow receding .
i had one foot in the meadow and the other buried in snow .
i looked back across the meadow at that invisible line where two seasons converged , searching the shadows for some kind of machine , for the artificial source of the snow .
for five years i d been coming here in my sleep , spending those long episodes among the landscapes of my childhood , the terrain literally sutured by my memoriesthe big hill i d sled down that one winter it snowed , the meadow behind our grandparents house where dani and i would spend hours picking wildflowers , the beach where we used to go every summer .
llorels blood instantly filled her like a warm river against an icy meadow .
way down in the meadow in a little bed , a little sweet girl rests her weary head , she does nt have to worry , she does nt have to cry , cause her friend is here to sing a lullaby .
they must have gone up in elevation while fleeing the burnt meadow the night before because the stream led a slightly tricky way down a hill .
burn the paths like we did the meadow ?
a huge white compound stood in the middle of a green , flower - dotted meadow .
children ran about the meadows and courtyards , playing with wooden swords and spears .
the commander led them through the meadow .
after some wrong turns and ending up in the wrong courtyards they found the big entrance archway out onto the meadow .
the meadow outside was just as magical as that morning .
fireflies were just starting to appear , blinking over the flowered grass across the meadow .
it cast a hushed light over the meadows before her .
she ran headlong into a boy , but instead of crashing into him they were both suddenly in a sunny meadow .
candles stood on the rails to give it light in the darkening meadow .
they pounded across the meadow , angels streaming from the main arch after them .
the arrows thunked into the ground all across the meadow .
mal picked her up by the collar and tossed her carefully back out into the meadow .
there was a small meadow to the left of the village where some children were playing .
the rapids joyah had nearly died in were at the far end of the meadow .
a wall of rock a little more than one joyah high lined the edge of the meadow , broken only by the rapids .
she spotted someone standing in the sun at the edge of the village looking over the meadow .
joyah wandered across a part of the meadow near the village .
she climbed the rocks around the meadow so she could look across the landscape below her .
in a matter of minutes joyah and her friends found themselves at the far edge of the meadow ready to go .
so they waited on the edge of the meadow , almost into the trees .
the dogs were quieter now , nosing their way along slowly until they came to the meadow then they ran to the form of the woman .
she gazed across the grass at her mother , still lying on the edge of the meadow , in the slanted rays of the afternoon sun .
over the ridge above the meadow came the noise and sounds of the hunt she had half been listening for .
myrrha stared at the silent form of her mother motionless on the meadow .
the two men whistled their dogs to them and moved quickly through the trees to the meadows edge where the witch woman still lay unmoving .
chapter 9 when full night came , myrrha slid down out of the tree , finding herself a secluded spot in the undergrowth right at the edge of the meadow where she could see the hunters from jandos more closely .
as myrrha watched , he headed to the far edge of the small meadow , sending the dog in to check something .
well make a pile of dead wood and brush right in ta center of the meadow .
myrrha heard them leave the meadow , and clamber back up the hill , the way they had come .
she waited for the meadow to grow quiet .
all about the small meadow sounds had ceased .
but today i felt him again , back in the meadow , at the fork in the trail .
several lanes down , across one meadow and you were in the forest itself .
they reached the trails beginning and fanned out to search the spreading meadows and the edge of the forest on either side .
the leaves that used to display various hues of meadow looked dried .
he stops in the meadow grass , scanning the pretty sunny skyline then the rich green meadow .
she stares into the meadow , smiling .
lugina , please play , she smiles then swings from the teen towards the open hills of the meadow .
lugina taps the hairy mane with her hand when the unicorn stands then slowly turns towards the open meadow .
we can spend the rest of the class time riding the meadows , climbs onto the beast .
i turn to the open hills of the meadow placing the flute to my lips , playing the song while squealing the musical notes off - key .
i touch the forehead when a set of neck reins appear over her head for guiding the beast around the meadow .
he stands in the meadow fluttering his cape in the breeze holding his flute near his mouth .
i look behind my collar bone scanning the meadow .
why s the forest thick and rich with green trees and plants but the meadow looks like its dying of something ?
you can advance into the meadow calling your unicorn for the daily ride if you have successfully signaled your beast .
or you advance into the meadow trying , again .
i stand in the middle of meadow within a semi - crooked line of students tossing the flute into the air .
call your unicorn and enjoy the time outside in the meadows , nods and fakes a smile .
i m going to explore the west side of the meadow .
britton will be riding with me tomorrow along the meadow .
the not wonderful news , if you have not signaled your unicorn please depart from here and go outside into the grassy meadow with your flute .
or you can ride around the meadows enjoying the warm day .
todays the day for me and mine then we gallop all over the meadows , lifts the flute to his lips then plays .
the unicorn scans the meadows then focuses on britton when i get really worried .
we lift then soar over the meadows when both unicorns stomp the dry grass under our feet .
me and yachel explored one on the other side in the western meadow yesterday for some fun adventures .
i walk behind yachel then stand in the meadow .
she has abandoned our riding along the meadows for tooting her flute with stads musical band during flute class .
anyways , we go to horseback riding in the meadows , boat sailing in the ocean , and camping in the forest .
once you pass eighty sixth street , you ll hit the reservoir , north meadow , another lake , then the north end of the parkone hundred and tenth street .
chapter 8 high in the secret meadow hidden by the forest of pines which surrounded it , a pair of eyes peered out from under the huge slab of rock near the edge .
he sniffed at the air , his mistresss odour still defiled his senses , he slipped effortlessly into the water hugging the reeds with his good hand allowing the tepid water to cleanse his body from that awful stench of the meadow and the earthen heather he had to endure .
table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 chapter 28 chapter 29 chapter 30 chapter 31 chapter 32 chapter 33 chapter 34 chapter 35 chapter 36 chapter 37 chapter 38 chapter 39 chapter 40 chapter 41 chapter 42 chapter 43 chapter 44 chapter 45 about the author , david j. wighton other novels by david j. wighton chapter 1 from izzy 's journals : thursday , september 1 , 2082 , 11 p.m. that first assassination day evening , the family was milling around in the meadow next to the big old empty pioneer house .
# # # # # # # # saturday at 11 a.m. , izzy left hank 's chair where she had slept through the night and wandered across the grass meadow to yollie 's home .
yolanda did n't have to hold me up , but we did walk back and forth through the grass in the meadow with her arm locked inside mine for balance .
she grabbed her walking stick the big bow that she had close by all the time and limped out to the grass meadow with me .
a meadow of pretty flowers shown in every color of the rainbow , sniffs .
i smell , not the fragrance of roses , carnations , daisies , tulips or buttercups , we walk down the hill through the flat meadow of flowers then down into the dark soil .
i see red colored swirl patterns of radiated clouds , the polluted black oceans and the poisoned purple continents , the shimmering glass biospheres , the green meadows , yellow wheat fields , white cotton rows and the red brick mansion , my home of starbuck plantation .
the rhythm of the squeaky , swooshing sound is as familiar as the fragrance of the seemingly never - ending lavender field to my rightthe purple meadow that divides the masters estates from the laborers slum : the slum where i was born , the slum where i live , the slum i hope to escape from soon .
they stepped out into a small hidden meadow circling a huge boulder .
fiona stood and looked out over the meadow .
the closeness they had shared at the pond and boulder meadow was now replaced with awkwardness .
she recalled the moment at boulder meadow when his kisses turned from exploration of her mouth to hungry for something bordering on dangerous .
i do nt know , maybe because i would nt go all the way with you at boulder meadow .
at first the image was faint , as if the age of the bowl made it slow to work , but gradually , a meadow came into view .
tall grass swaying in the browning meadows .
the wind flows freely across the meadow were traveling in , with a current powerful enough to push us this way and that .
some families are fleeing toward the meadow but i think some remain trapped inside the fiery buildings .
the terrain is nt a forest or a rocky shore , but rather it looks more like a meadow that has become a frozen , muddy field .
korram i have arranged to meet prince korram in a grassy meadow on one of the lower slopes of malorns impassable mountains .
we walked through a meadow and through the forest yet again .
i asked breathlessly as we ran through the meadow and back into the forest .
from the crow 's overhead view , it strained to see further ahead , the viewpoint shifting behind its flapping wings so it could see the upcoming cottage in the middle of a meadow .
janu walked across the small meadow until he reached a rock the size of a mans head .
and in the bi - dimensional world , the old man went back in his cottage , calm settling over the meadow .
close at hand , spiky blue wildflowers accented the green of a meadow flanked by oaks and some trees he d never seen before .
drew gazed around the meadow , a smile of deep satisfaction playing across his mouth .
it looked as if it had been dropped from some giant crane into the middle of the meadow .
he paid no heed , the meadow before him holding his absolute attention .
drew stood on top of the rock , which was nt as flat as it appeared from horseback across the meadow .
he swept an arm around to encompass the meadow , trees , and hills beyond .
he was taking them to the meadow with the big rock .
drew led them on , and caroline was just about to ask how much farther when there was a break in the trees and she glimpsed the meadow ahead .
blues , yellows , and reds dotted the meadow and contrasted with the green of the grass and trees .
a large flat rock lay roughly in the middle of the meadow , and it was this that seemed to pull drew forward .
flipping over sketches she had seen before , caroline stopped on the first one of the meadow .
the next page showed the trees and a glimpse of rolling hills , and the page after that , a full view of the hills leading down and away from the meadow .
none of the sketches was complete , but together they gave a panoramic view of the meadow , and when the lines had been filled in and the colors completed , they would make a lovely series .
how about we go on that ride to the meadow ?
but i ve been to the meadow already .
i want to see the meadow , too , toby told dara apologetically .
jake smiled when he saw the meadow , remembering that he d surprised himself by having a lot of fun when he d been there .
there s a beautiful meadow up there , nicky told them .
its a pretty hike , too , a little easier and shorter than the one to the meadow .
as she got closer , she could see a bright blue sky , a green meadow and huge trees like those which surrounded her village ... she left the tunnel and looked at herself again , searching for her body , but she found nothing .
huge dark meadows could be seen on both sides of the track and , from time to time , they would pass small villages with stone houses .
over the edge of the cliff is the same vibrant green grass , leading to an open area , like a meadow .
i smiled at jay and then threw the cane as hard as i could into the meadow behind us .
i ca nt tell you the look that was on jjs face as i ran across the meadow like a wolf chasing rabbits , but i know for damned sure how he looked as i strolled back to the bench spinning the cane like a baton .
and your offer , what , golden streets or green meadows where everyone can hold hands and skip in the sunlight of a new world ?
a meadow was just beyond , screened by a hedge .
mccutcheon meadows , the sign out on the main road called it .
the salt meadows that opened out in front of me as i left the pine trees were also a kind of land / water transition .
it was more than an hour later when the path abruptly ended at a rocky meadow .
ben walked over to the window to try and get a first glimpse of wayne as he made his way down the expansive urban meadow called the north lawn , which was laid out in front of the colonnade .
being out in the open of a deserted urban meadow was too much for mike , so he decided to move indoors .
setting my teeth and pressing my tongue to my palate , ( the pain as if a strap were being twisted around my head , as if a butcher were slowly cutting my forehead with a sharp knife ) were like the path of a broad green meadow covered with luxuriant flowers .
they approached slowly , and adam lifted his camera , but before he was able to take the shot , she leapt away and the sudden crush of dry grass beneath her hooves filled the meadow like thunder .
but rumor has it new meadows has food .
things went smoothly as they climbed up out of the salmon canyon heading toward the high plateau that held new meadows .
as they grew closer to new meadows he realized that if there would be a problem , there was one place up ahead that would be the most likely spot .
were getting close to new meadows , general .
driving through the center of new meadows drew stares from the few locals out .
maybe the guards in new meadows will tip him off .
victor pulled to the curb in front of a small storefront featuring photos of yellow labrador puppies bounding about in a grassy meadow .
when we get to the sierra mountains its going to be just like back east , all green with lush meadows and streams .
as we near our destination i see small meadows hidden here and there , fluorescing green , blue , and yellow .
jackie , neewa , and i pick out the site with a view of a small meadow and the most shade trees .
while passing a tiny lush upland meadow , she sniffs the grasses and flower patches .
beaver too is his friend ; he makes the meadows , ponds , and lakes for deer and the others .
the marsh is an enormous meadow painted in soft pastel colors , purple , blue , yellow , and light green at the foot of these mountains .
there s not much flat in this county , apart from the water meadows and flood plains around the rivers that flow into the sea rolling , wooded down land , narrow winding lanes , and picturesque villages mostly .
jane wandered down into a meadow as beesely focused the binoculars .
the sun beat through the trees , the views magnificent out across the lake to the right , flashes of meadows to the left ; cows , pastures filled with yellow flowers , glimpses of wooded valleys and ornate wooden cottages .
my house is surrounded by meadows .
the university campus across the hoar - frosted meadow could barely be made out through the grayish curtain .
he was a little lost lamb grazing in a meadow filled with wild flowers .
you ever been mountain biking or jeeping in the mountains and come across a herd of cattle in a meadow ?
from one i saw a warm and sunlit meadow , humming with bees , from the other a black sky blazing with unknown stars .
i remembered my vision of the sunlit meadow and the black starlit sky .
in the meadow i see it .
it cut through a meadow of devil - grass and budding yellow and white flowers , and continued for a curious stretch before it dead - ended at the base of a grassy knoll , where an oldsmobile and cadillac were parked .
it was a dry grassy meadow he had built his tinder - house of sanity upon , but as long as he kept it away from fire he was in the clear .
a star appeared in the darkening sky , and she remembered their family camping in wyoming , a bear lumbering into a stream and pawing at the water , a moose , and a wide green meadow full of wild flowers .
hiking furiously , curving up a trail through tall pine and meadows strewn with boulders , clouds floating near the treetops .
after hours of hiking , his feet wet and feeling frostbitten , he descended into a meadow where wild flowers bloomed red and yellow , and the sun warmed him .
the herd had calmed down again and the animals started to return to the meadows .
do you see those little stakes at the edge of the meadow ?
it gets registered when someone walks in the meadows but there will be no robots activated .
the road was separated from the meadow by a wide ditch .
it drove backwards to disappear at the edge of the meadow .
in the meadow he had spotted one , glistering in the sun in a spur and had quickly taken some pictures .
* * * chapter 31 jonathan walked to the meadows .
the picture was quite a contrast compared with the big healthy cattle moving around the dark green meadows .
the latter explained : we still have no clue why and how that shell got in the meadow .
when i was walking in the meadow they stepped friendly with me .
why jonathan interrupted his agenda , rushed out of the security centre and went to that meadow .
they went to the meadows where juergen knocked him out and dragged the body towards the grazing herd .
shivering in the arctic air - the frosts lingered on though it was almost april - sovant lit out , stumbling and lurching , drifting in the general direction of a desolate meadow .
the moonlight on the meadows and on the forest was more enchanting than he had ever noticed before .
as the trees yielded before another open meadow , where the moon and the stars were no longer eclipsed by even the tallest of the white pines , sovant looked up to see the battlements of a castle silhouetted against the sky .
the cataract ended abruptly where a meadow began just as abruptly .
a languid stream flowed over this meadow until it entered another gorge , where it became a wild torrent again which plunged toward the great lake .
he forced himself to think of better days and his thoughts turned to the time he was driving through the vendean bocage , then to the time he observed a lapis sea shining beyond emerald meadows in the maritime provinces , the west side of cape breton to be precise ; now he found the blue waters of superior barely perceptible blocked as they were by all the evergreens ; this canadian wilderness recalled to sergio 's mind odysseys in former days .
on this part of the forest path an open meadow was as rare as an island in the atlantic .
a few phone calls to the local council revealed that his address on the electoral register was a care home broad meadows .
no , that ca nt be right , because the broad meadows staff would have told me .
he s at broad meadows care home near southampton .
it sounds as though he wo nt be able to meet alex blake , unless i can convince broad meadows to allow me to take him to see gerald .
she also drove alex back to broad meadows before she even glanced at the opening page .
the taxi stopped in the middle of a deserted meadow from where he could only see the contours of the skyscrapers ; nothing else of the city could be seen .
that was how he could afford to stay in a central hotel , after having walked all the way from the meadow .
perhaps to the same meadow , he thought .
which meadow will it be now ?
beyond the city lay several miles of open meadows , and then the great purple sea .
mountains surrounded the place and a grass meadow flowed down to the valley .
a spacious meadow opened before them .
the spacious meadow in front of the hotel had a clearing with arranged tables and chairs , all adorned with bows and ribbons and other decorations .
suddenly , opening up before her was an open meadow bathed in warm sunlight .
she heard some cows moo while grazing in a nearby meadow .
her horse ran with great speed across the meadow , through the forest , between trees and bushes .
in the last few hours of sleep daniel dreamed he was standing in a meadow he could tell was still high up in woodland hills , overlooking the forest on this side of the mountains , the valley and lake below and he smelled fresh air and caught the sight of the first brightening signs of blue sky on the horizon behind the mountains across the valley .
the area before him on his path had widened a bit and a small meadow through which the stream flowed was filled with grasses rather than snow as it might normally be this time of year .
he looked about the meadow as the thunder quickly peeled through the air raising the hair on the back of his neck .
in many months after winter had finally come and passed he knew his body would be found and someone in the coroners office was going to be perplexed at how he managed to drown in the middle of a peaceful , serene meadow in the roots of the mountains he loved .
suddenly the swell of water all around him gushed before him past the bounds of the small pool area in the meadow and out through grasses .
in truth the temperature in the meadow had dropped below 40 degrees .
above the meadow area the forest closed in around the increasingly sharply inclined v of the valley floor .
it became dark with the canopy even more so than the meadow without moonlight .
then he laughed as he had in the meadow landing below .
this landing was a good deal wider than what he d expected , very much like the meadow , only without grasses and smaller growth .
he started to speak a command as he had learned in the meadow before but was swallowed up whole just before he could mouth it .
for a moment , despair crept upon the lonely mortal wrapped up inside the spout again as it had in the meadow .
approximately thirty minutes down the hill and past the meadow already , as daniel was making good time , large , beautiful flakes of snow began making their way in through the canopy and onto the open areas .
at three p.m. that afternoon as i drove towards the meadow lane sure start day nursery , i turned the radio up loud , eager to ease the feeling of loneliness building inside me .
a brilliant light filled the meadow where elora lay , hurting her eyes as warmth filled her entire body .
her yellow , nuclear veil swathed across the rows of red brick houses that is the meadow well estate .
there s neither a meadow nor a well anywhere nearby .
it descends gracefully until the road straightens and flattens out , passing by lush green meadows and plentiful livestock .
they spent their time hiking through high meadows , reporting to headquarters on imaginary enemy parachute landings near vital installations .
the guy , who seemed surprisingly clear headed , said there were 18 to 20,000 people at the gathering but finding somebody was nt as hard as it sounds because sooner or later everyone hangs at the kitchens , the main meadow , the trading circle , the granola funk theater or the drum circle .
there were a lot of people coming and going on the trail which was now going through a meadow .
frank and bobby kept walking until they came to a large meadow where a profusion of people stood in a huge circle holding hands and , with their eyes closed , intoning ommmmmm .
they were past the large meadow but could still hear the ommmms .
rick looked out toward the main meadow .
bobby looked down at the main meadow .
rick and bobby fell silent and looked down toward the main meadow .
after 80 yards he dropped down to the meadow and headed for his car .
kubish seemed to know everyone there and it was he who introduced me to bruce meadows and his wife , the directors of the american farm school which was located just north of the city .
kubish had mentioned that meadows was an ex - oss officer who had spent time in the nearby hills in the 1940s , had become a missionary of sorts after that war and had returned to greece to found and run a school for deserving greek children who were taught the latest in modern agricultural techniques in the supporting atmosphere of a private boarding school .
meadows was something of a local hero it seemed ; he and his school had survived the many swings of the greek political pendulum and kubish thought meadows reputation among the people of the region , if he ever took out greek citizenship and ran for office , would assure him of a political victory .
a few days later theo and i were invited to join dan kubish and bruce meadows on kubishs boat for a brief afternoon sail on the bay , just a warm - up , kubish said on the phone , for the longer day on the water that talya and i would be having with him at a later date .
we took a taxi from the university to the marina where the boat was moored , both of us in good spirits , commenting on the unseasonably warm weather and bright sunshine as the car pulled up where kubish and meadows were waiting .
kubish was unusually light on his feet for so heavy a man and he and meadows handled the wheel and the sails ( as the wind picked up they had added a small jib ) while theo and i relaxed and enjoyed the almost cloudless sky and the view of other pleasure boats on the bay who were also taking advantage of the pleasant day .
meadows cast a critical look up at the slight puffing in the mainsail and then back at kubish who was at the wheel , one hand on the varnished wood and one hand holding his beer , a man who obviously valued his boat and the good life it seemed to signify and a man who seemed rather unconcerned about the smaller details of sailing .
he spoke to me as he and meadows exchanged knowing smiles .
do nt let dan mislead you , gentlemen , meadows said as he came back to join us around the wheel well .
theo yelled something to kubish , who was still at the helm , just as a sudden gust of wind caught us and the boat leaped ahead , heeling sharply and throwing me against meadows , whose beer bottle shattered on one of the decks metal cleats .
the blast from the freighters foghorn was so loud i thought shed already run over us , but as i grabbed at anything to steady myself i saw kubish spin the wheel and meadows ducking under the boom as it whizzed by and the gachoucha came about with the black hull of the freighter looming above us , so close it seemed to have obliterated the sun and thrown us into instant night .
mr . blackbridge and mr . meadows are members , but its always good to add to the competition .
i played doubles with bruce meadows once against him and jonathan blackbridge .
i believe it was meadows who usually brought walsh as a guest .
he said you had lived abroad before and that he knew of you through a mutual friend -- fellow in greece named meadows .
absolutely stunning scenery , large purple mountains topped with snowy peaks , forests , meadows , and lakes of emerald green - something to do with glacial silt we were told .
at this time of year it is surrounded by meadows given over to thick carpets of bluebells which really have to be seen to be believed , although it is still pretty nippy , even now .
david meadows bellowed .
not much beat the back - streets of kowloon , or the water meadows of the test valley .
the grassy meadows sang instead of spoke .
only one word kept being repeated , spokenno criedfrom the mountains , the meadows , the earth , the trees , and the rivers : death .
their howling rang above all , and i knew , i just knew , that the noise created by the mountains , the meadows , the earth , the trees , and the rivers alerted them to our presence .
he thought of a day just like this when they lay in a meadow full of daisies and talked of what their life was going to be like .
that creek down by the meadow .
derrick and i slowly walk the horses out towards the meadow by the grove of trees .
derrick , remember yesterday when we were riding up in the meadow and we commented about the feces being everywhere ?
every inch of the pasture and meadow must be parasite free .
192 sunshine meadows was towards the end of the road , set back in the woods , and in one of the best locations of them all .
all of the portraits were oil paintings depicting images from nature , from a quiet green meadow to a roaring thunderstorm , its lighting spreading out across the sky like a violent spiders web .
it looked peaceful and quiet , a lush meadow surrounded by a ring of trees , a dense forest .
the two cars swung into the field , headlights slicing through the dark , circling as if scouting the terrain , bouncing to a stop at last near the middle of the meadow .
chee meng lowered himself to the ground , his eyes closed , breathing in the sweet green scent of the meadow .
they poured lead into the center of the meadow in the name of law and order , each man and boy of them determined to do his part to keep the peace .
it swerved and looped toward the wooded edges of the meadow and back to the center .
chapter one joshua thompson and his buddy , billy mcglumphy crouched at the edge of the woods and watched elijah mulligan walk along the path through the meadow and up the hill .
sunlight poured over him as he descended the path that cut through the meadow and wound its way down the hill to the woods .
the twelve - year olds tore towards the meadow and exploded through the branches and vines .
stepping out of the shadows of the woods onto the hillside meadow , the four figures walked into the brilliance of the late - morning sunshine along the path back to elijahs car .
the meadow is on the other side of the hollow just ahead of us .
just then the woods ended and the path cut across a large meadow of tall yellow grass and climbed a long hill , about two hundred yards up to the next section of woods .
elijah and chrissy broke from the green shadows into the faded ochre meadow as gusts of wind blew the gray clouds eastward and pressed the grass in front of them .
* * * chrissy saw the tall oaks and maples near the top of the hill on the edge of the meadow .
at the end of the path where the meadow bordered the woods she slipped into the leafy entrance .
she maintained her aim on the creature like a photographer until it flew toward the meadow and escaped through a white - gray opening .
she picked up her pail , stood , and pivoted toward the meadow .
this meadow used to be an old farm back in the 1940 's .
the open meadow ca n't be too much farther .
when she reached the meadow , the world appeared like a black and white television show .
a cold splash of water struck her cheek as she ran across the open meadow .
with her hands on her knees sucking in air , she glared one last time down the hill and across the meadow .
during the half - mile walk from the top of the knoll to the meadow , the rain eased slightly and the thunder traveled eastward , lessening in volume .
in the middle of the meadow he paused and shook his head .
elijah wiped his muddy hand off on his t - shirt and headed for the opening toward the meadow .
the meadow dropped down and rolled up four hundred yards before him .
an hour and a half later , when he stumbled through the thorny berry bushes and saplings that choked the edge of the woods and into the meadow , he noticed his flashlight was losing power .
he started again , turned and backed through the branches of the opening and into the meadow .
across the meadow from the bushes .
he met up with elijah near the middle of the meadow .
* * * within fifteen minutes everyone had descended the path through the meadow on the journey back to the church for the receptionexcept for chrissy .
stepping off the front porch and onto the dew - drenched meadow , matt took a deep breath of the clean montana air that was perhaps too thin for most people since the ranch was at 7,000 feet above sea level , but matt was used it .
he could see three bodies in the meadow as another soldier was running toward the house .
as they made their way into the kitchen they could see soldiers outside the window across the meadow dismantling and reassembling their weapons as if they had all miss - fired .
all that would have been just fine but fighting broke out when the limited supplies became a sore issue and i lost somewhere around 30,000 men in a mountain meadow .
apparently , they did nt appreciate her high - speed tour through the mountains of meadows creek .
the bus spun , spiraling toward meadow creek high .
i just left meadows creek this morning .
the crystal was only thing that could defeat them , and when she did that , she had let more vampires and demons into meadows creek than there were geeks at a star trek convention .
the guy had to be pushing twenty - one , and he was in meadows creek for her .
dawning apocalypse book 3 in the dream slayer series protection , murder , deception ... . no one can know natalie works for a supernatural protection agency and is charged with protecting meadows creek from vampires .
while the stress of working overtime erodes her relationships she will race against time , illness , to face a familiar enemy , save an old friend , and stop an undead seize that wants nothing more than to suck meadows creek dry .
chapter three from across the meadow , a woman stepped out of a thicket , her body remaining obscured by a mantle of shadows .
we walked across the meadow , approaching the woman .
i ' m marcia meadows of channel ten .
well , ca n't say if i ' ve ever seen you miss meadows .
` ` well , i guess i 'll be able to help you out miss meadows , but please call me pops . ''
marsha meadows held up two fingers to the bartender and he shook an enthusiastic ok not unlike the head of a plastic dog in the rear window of a fifties automobile .
marcia meadows got up from the table and walked out the front door of the bar .
in a meadow the crystal clear water cascading down the side of the manmade mountain sparkled like expensive jewels in the midday sun .
the roar , as the water hit the churned up surface of the lagoon was quite audible even in the velvet green meadow where paul zangalio chewed on a blade of grass as his head laid quite comfortably in becky 's denim clad lap .
you know beck , when we get married we could build a house right in the middle of this meadow , raise kids , and live happily ever after .
marcia meadows thanked her before she had left the corporate office and said that she thought becky was a very attractive young lady , very business like , and she was more than welcome to visit her at the tv station anytime , for a very special guided tour of how the station worked .
marcia meadows had replied quickly to her questions .
edge of lake paul zangallio , marcia meadows , and the cameraman ted brumfield were walking along the edge of the lake approaching where the marina office had stood when paul stopped at the edge of the newly formed hole and peered intently down into the gloom .
marcia meadows saw the quizzical look on paul 's face and remarked .
june 14 , saturday 1:50 p.m. front parking lot paul zangallio and becky mcclellan ran back to where the lobby used to be after being reassured by the reporter marcia meadows and the cameraman ted brumfield that they would take care of otis until an ambulance arrived .
he turned to marcia meadows as the helicopter began descending onto the large road leading into the resort after coming back from circling around the edge of the lake and said in a very somber tone .
marcia meadows nodded her head in agreement and continued to caress otis 's face with the damp cloth .
marcia meadows started to get up when she saw the large hunting knife that had been pressed into her back start to move slowly toward her throat .
stanley t. brown , proprietor of the brown spot , had been hiding on the backside of the manmade mountain watching marcia meadows and the cameraman ted brumfield take shots of the waterfall .
he walked into the doorway , that she had forgotten to close , and went upstairs when the idea had come to his mind on where he could take marcia meadows .
that was until marcia meadows had entered the picture and his mind had gone south .
he cooed to marcia meadows .
he saw stanley brown with his pants off approaching marcia meadows cowering in the corner in just black lace panties .
one of our very own reporters , marcia meadows , who does the monday night human interest program , was also reported to be kidnaped by a local businessman but apparently has been rescued by a local high school sports hero .
paul zangallio , was the local sports hero we originally broadcast as saving our own reporter , marcia meadows , from an assault from a local businessman gone berserk .
sheep meadow !
he skirted the lake until he reached the wide expanse of grass in the lower third of the park called the sheep meadow .
and smack in the center of the meadow , what looked like a pool of inky liquid .
a huge sinkhole , a good hundred feet across , had opened in the middle of the meadow .
the few people who had been scattered around the perimeter of the sheep meadow were now fleeing for the streets .
jack did nt remember his high school geometry , so he could nt even guess the surface area of that hole , but a helluva lot of the sheep meadow was missing .
she could feel her desperation and when the other woman sprinted across the meadow toward an old shack , angie experienced a jolt of hope and a burst of energy as she mentally followed her twin .
he looked up to see that he was on the edge of a meadow .
this little house , shack and meadow were a great discovery .
a few repairs and they d be perfect for storage of the fescue or corn he would plant in the meadow next spring .
jumping astride his horse , he rode across the meadow to finish his fence inspection .
woman hospitalized after date rape attempt by robin leahy margaret meadows , 43 , of eulate was hospitalized after she escaped from an alleged attacker on tuesday .
ms . meadows stated that she accepted a drink from a man at a bar near the county line .
the two teenagers then drove ms . meadows to the hospital .
alex first tried calling margaret meadows , who was evidently screening her calls or staying with friends or family .
alex then called the local police , who provided phyllis the name of the bar ms . meadows had visited .
she called the local hospital , but true to past experience , they would neither confirm nor deny any information about meadows , her condition , nor the attack .
she told robin she would be in touch if the teens or meadows contacted her , but otherwise the story was dead .
i wo nt use your name , or ms . meadows for that matter .
this is margaret meadows .
ms . meadows !
ms . meadows voice broke as she spoke , and alex was afraid meadows would start to cry .
ms . meadows was stronger than alex first thought .
phyllis carroll here , she answered , expecting margaret meadows to respond , possibly to cancel the days meeting .
rather than you having to explain why you did nt tell them this up front , i m meeting with ms . meadows later and ill drive by the police station after that .
finding ms . meadows proved easy since it was the middle of the week .
ms . meadows ?
alex could see a slight shift in meadows demeanor as she relaxed her shoulders .
she looked expectantly at meadows , and received a nod of agreement to record the interview .
she began by telling meadows about other attacks to help her feel less self - conscious about having fallen victim .
the discussion was worthwhile , yet alex felt meadows was holding back .
only meadows attacker knew whether he initially planned to kill her or not , or if the attack simply escalated because she had broken free before he did what he wanted to her .
ms . meadows showed alex the reason she chose a scarf as the way to be identified .
fat stripes of blue , purple and green wrapped around meadows neck .
chapter nine alex rode the motorcycle around washington county looking for out - of - the - way bars and roads trying to figure out where meadows attacker would strike next .
alex had a gut feeling that meadows ' attacker would be out tonight .
her intuition also told her he would be at the lighthouse , a bar just a few miles away from where he met meadows .
she was sure it was margaret meadows .
she could n't believe meadows would put herself in that same situation again , especially so soon .
she watched as meadows picked out a booth within eyesight of the man at the bar .
he slid off the barstool and wandered over to meadows ' booth .
she expected meadows to shoo the man away , but he sat down .
she considered interrupting the duo and pulling meadows outside , giving her a good talking to and sending her home .
she could n't exactly let meadows figure out what she was doing there , especially having gone from almost black to red hair , and professional to bar slut .
the man and meadows were obviously flirting , and meadows started looking for something in her purse .
the man and meadows were obviously flirting , and meadows started looking for something in her purse .
she spilled its contents on the floor , and as she leaned over to collect what had escaped the confines of her pocketbook , alex saw the man add something to meadows ' drink .
he stopped blending it into her drink as meadows sat up straight in the booth .
she could n't allow meadows to be attacked again .
the people in one of the booths next to meadows left the bar .
alex saw her chance and moved to that booth , hoping meadows did n't notice .
she listened in on meadows ' conversation and wondered if she heard correctly .
alex considered what meadows ' was saying .
she had believed meadows ' story , as had the kids , the cops and the reporter .
perhaps they knew meadows had been in on her own attack .
alex was n't normally this wrong about someone , but meadows knew just what to say .
she saw meadows in the driver 's seat with a scowl on her face .
she fastened back the fence and returned to the winnebago , mentally kicking herself for being suckered by meadows .
the man 's hands had left deep bruising on meadows ' neck .
then meadows would reply , ` ` yes , and our fantasy life will be kept secret because i ca n't bear for anyone to know about our role playing . ''
alex could n't help but add meadows saying , ` ` and for good measure , i 'll talk with any reporters and fool them , too !
he heard incoherent muttering , a motorcycle outside , a tractor chugging past on the road , a dog barking , the ceiling fan 's rhythmic squeaking above and then he remembered he had once decided he would like to die lying in a summer meadow in england , surrounded by fresh green grass and buttercups whilst looking up at a blue sky dotted with fluffy white clouds and filled with swifts and swallows .
the photograph was taken on the tennessee river against a line of trees in the fresh water on the riverbank , not on a grassy meadow land .
tonight , i went out to take a walk i like to walk in the evenings , regardless of weather and i found you on the meadow at the edge of the forest , under an oak .
the cemetery , which stretched across an acre of flat meadow , was nestled between the rising mountain peaks behind the church .
the trees thinned and the foliage dispersed to either side of browning meadow .
this day would be marked in infamy because on this day , in this meadow , stood two men who dared to dream the impossible .
then his eyes caught mine , green like a verdant meadow , a green unlike anything on this earth , and that was the start of the unraveling of my will .
but it was truly a slice of heaven being with raum after so long , to drink in his face , to fall into those eyes that were so like verdant green meadows .
chapter eleven there were a few more dachas for a mile or two , and then they were in the open meadows again .
when we left , at night we marched through the forest , maybe about fifteen miles before we came to meadows .
i had never heard meadows speak ill of the colonel before so i merely nodded and said , i would nt know , sir .
their lips meet and the world takes on a soft focus glow for a moment , before thunder claps roar and the heavens open on the dry spring meadows .
he walks out into the damp tufts of thick meadow grass and away towards the coast .
he pictured amy smiling as she walked toward him in a sunny meadow .
he was laying on his back in a green meadow of wild flowers , immersed amidst the smell of freshly cut grass , the sound of an invisible honey bee buzzing close at hand , and in the distance the tuneful twittering of sparrows and thrushes , with the sun feeling pleasantly warm on his face and glowing yellow through the barrier of his closed eyelids , and far overhead was the faint noise of an aeroplane .
after they finished unpacking the vehicles , the group migrated to a grassy meadow area outside the cabin .
chapter 38 billy followed chuck into the thick woods , which eventually emptied into a green meadow .
flames began to surround the entire meadow .
after leaving the garden area , they entered a path that trailed through a thick , wooded area , eventually arriving in a meadow - like clearing .
chuck looked at the others and said , this is frank meadows .
want to lend us a hand , meadows ?
his name is nt barton ... its meadows and he s fbi , and he s sharp , real sharp .
catfish , meadows , squires and edie rode in the rear seat while gail and chuck sat up front with jacobs driving .
jacobs , meadows and catfish gathered the tools from the trunk and closed it quietly .
squires , not doing too well his own self , noted that meadows had little trouble with the trail .
jacobs nodded while meadows squatted and examined them more closely .
by the time , meadows returned to the dig , the hole was several feet deep .
chuck , gail , blake , catfish and meadows scrunched together into the back of the patrol car .
in the rearview mirror , meadows caught bill 's eye and nodded his head slightly .
then , he also remembered the gun strapped around meadows ankle .
rusty saw him moving , saw the gun in meadows hand , aimed and fired at the fbi agent .
rusty , seeing the blood pouring from the topside of meadows chest , found new courage , tilted the rifle back toward chuck and gail .
go get a car and lets get him and meadows to the hospital .
gail checked meadows while he tried to focus his eyes on the three shapes in the yard , one a woman who was on her knees beside a man , another was also a woman holding a rifle and wearing a uniform ?
okay meadows mumbled to gail .
in the back seat , gail sat between matt and meadows , trying to hold towels on both deathly white men .
how many holes did meadows shoot in me anyway ?
i wanted him to get in touch with meadows but they told me he was on assignment .
blake pointed and asked , so meadows really is the one who shot you ?
why were blake , meadows , and matt shot but , gail , catfish , chuck and i were hardly scratched ?
she saw her mother in a white straw hat walking through a meadow , butterflies flittering all around her .
the flowers here are like paintings , the child thought , laughing as he ran across the meadow .
beyond the imposing security gate , sir leigh teabing 's residence rose on a meadow in the distance .
east head itself would n't do - there 'd been people there , and they 'd know i had n't been with em - but russian meadow 's on the way to east head , it 's got a good western view , and there had n't been nobody at all there .
no , when i came back from russian meadow and found joe gone , i thought one of his friends must ' ve come by n taken him someplace to celebrate eclipse day - that was the story i meant to tell .
i walked out to the well with the last of the scotch swishin in the bottle , thinkin , ' he put the old booze to him and that was all right , that was no more'n what i expected , but then he kinda mistook my neck for a pump - handle , and that wa'ant all right , so i took my reflector - box and went up to russian meadow by m'self , cursin the impulse that made me stop n buy him that bottle of johnnie walker in the first place .
they formed up a line by the east head end of highgate woods and worked their way toward the house , first through the woods n then across russian meadow .
i seen em crossin the meadow in a long line around one o'clock , laughin and jokin , but the jokin stopped and the cursin begun when they crossed over onto our property n got into the blackberry tangle .
' after the choking incident , you left your husband ; you went up to russian meadow , on the way to east head , to watch the eclipse by yourself . '
it seems strange to me , mrs st george , that that wind didna bring your husband 's cries to you as you stood in russian meadow , not half a mile away . '
he got yellin , then he choked me n batted me around a little , so i went up to russian meadow .
another thing about bein innocent any lies you do decide to tell are mostly unplanned lies ; innocent folks do n't spend hours workin out their stories , like i worked out mine about how i went up to russian meadow to watch the eclipse and never seen my husband again until i saw him in the mercier funeral home .
i took the short - cut across russian meadow and then walked down to where the lane ends at east head .
no need to squirm around like a horse on its back in a summer meadow .
swans ride in the shadows of the poplars , and swallows dip and skim as the thames slips down from queens eyot , past boveney lock and coocoo weir , where we used to bathe , and on down the long stretch through brocas meadows toward windsor bridge .
then there was a short stretch of wood - running until the final easy schuss across the undulating lower meadows to the bottom cable - head , beyond which lay the main railway line and then the pontresina - samaden road .
only a cricket pitch away , a great torrent of snow , perhaps twenty feet high , was majestically pouring out of the wood and down into the meadows .
he got to his feet and , rather light - headed but with the wonderful glow of the enzian in his stomach , started on the last mile of finishing schuss across the meadows to the right , away from the still hurtling river of snow .
there was a fence across the bottom of the meadows !
the traffic was much sparser now and there were kilometres where theirs was the only car on the road that arrowed away between white meadows and larch copses , towards the glittering barrier where blood had been shed between warring armies for centuries .
they wrangled cheerfully over the respective merits of english and american sports cars until they came to the westchester county toll and then , fifteen minutes later , they were out on the taconic parkway that snaked away northwards through a hundred miles of meadows and woodlands , and bond settled back and silently enjoyed one of the most beautifully landscaped highways in the world , and wondered idly what the girl was doing and how , after saratoga , he was to get to her again .
it was eleven o'clock and there was - only a scattering of people left in the corners of the veranda grill , there was a soft sighing from the moonlit sea outside as the great liner scythed the black meadow of the atlantic and , in the stern , only the slightest lope in her stride indicated a long soft swell , the slow , twelve - a - minute heart - beat of a sleeping ocean , to the two people sitting close together behind the pink - shaded light .
the new diesel - electric engine gave a slap - happy whistle , the meadow of brown hands fluttered , and they were loping easily down into venezia , towards the distant sparkle of trieste and the g*y blue of the adriatic .
now he could see everything - the endless vista of the green mountains stretching in every direction as far as he could see , away to the east the golden ball of the sun just coming up in glory , and below , two thousand feet down a long easy slope of treetops broken once by a wide band of meadow , through a thin veil of mist , the lake , the lawns and the house .
from the edge of the meadow , which would be his only open field of fire unless he went down through the last belt of trees to the edge of the lake , it would be about five hundred yards to the terrace and the patio , and about three hundred to the diving - board and the edge of the lake .
ought he to get on down straight away to the edge of the meadow ?
it was a wide meadow , perhaps five hundred yards of going without cover .
bond willed them to have no fear , that the gun he carried was not meant for them , but with each alarm he wondered if , when he got to the edge of the meadow , he would see down on the lawn a man with glasses who had been watching the frightened birds fleeing the treetops .
but when he stopped behind a last broad oak and looked down across the long meadow to the final belt of trees and the lake and the house , nothing had changed .
bond gazed down across the meadow to the trees , looking for one which would suit his purpose .
bond stood for a while , plotting his route down through the thick grass and golden - rod of the meadow .
a small breeze got up and combed the meadow .
but then , between him and approximately where the twig had snapped , two deer broke cover and cantered unhurriedly across the meadow to the left .
and now to get on across the meadow .
from above , it looked as if a big ground animal - a beaver perhaps , or a woodchuck - was on its way down the meadow .
and yet perhaps it might be a beaver - for now , from higher up on the meadow , something , somebody else had entered the tall grass , and behind and above bond a second wake was being cut in the deep sea of grass .
the shirt and trousers were olive green , crumpled and splashed with mud and stains and torn in places , and she had bound her pale blonde hair with golden - rod to conceal its brightness for her crawl through the meadow .
he would fire , standing , from the open meadow and catch gonzales off guard .
bond walked back through the meadow to the lone maple .
then he hung her bow and quiver over the other , and turned and started up through the meadow .
the reef was coming nearer and now there were outcrops of coral niggerheads and meadows of sea - grass .
a meadow of soft seagrass showed up ahead .
the road had a building every mile or so , separated by thick forest and broad meadow .
frieda and paul went to an inn outside salzburg for their honeymoon , a beautiful old castle on a lovely lake , surrounded by meadows and woods .
alec looked out the window at the emerald - green meadows , where he had played as a child , and at the giant sycamore and oak trees , and he said hesitantly , ` ` vivian , it 's so peaceful here .
the first to call was sam meadows , a coworker and close friend of mark 's .
` ` i ' m sam meadows , '' he said to kelly .
sam meadows smiled .
` ` he never said a word to me about this , '' kelly told sam meadows .
she could hear sam meadows 's words .
and kelly knew that sam meadows was right .
sam meadows was mark 's best man .
she wanted to talk to sam meadows .
` ` could i speak to sam meadows , please ? ''
` ` this is a nightmare , '' sam meadows said .
when you 're through talking to sam meadows , you call me .
in a short while , she would meet sam meadows at his apartment for dinner .
* * * in his apartment , sam meadows was finishing a phone conversation .
as sam meadows replaced the receiver , he looked at his watch .
as kelly approached the door of sam meadows 's apartment at 14 rue du bourg - tibourg , in the fourth ar - rondissement , she hesitated .
the moment the door opened and she saw sam meadows , her fears went away .
and she looked into sam meadows 's eyes and she knew .
sam meadows grinned .
* * * kelly harris had been stunned by her terrifying experience with sam meadows .
` ` how did your meeting with sam meadows go ? ''
sam meadows is not a happy man , and greg holliday is dead . ''
amy 's favorite walk was through the meadow , rainbowed with colorful wildflowers .
you can go for a nice walk in the meadow and have it there .
they spent weekends in the country and stopped at little hostels where tony would set up his easel and paint landscapes , and when they got hungry dominique would spread out a picnic lunch she had prepared and they would eat in a meadow .
they stopped at the picturesque village of villalba de duero to buy bread , cheese , and wine , and had an idyllic picnic in a grassy meadow .
my happiness is an elusive balloon , waiting for me to grab it , floating from side to side with the wind , across oceans , big green meadows , trees and brooks , rustic pastoral scenes and rain - swept sidewalks .
it 's beautiful as only a maine island can be at the height of summer blue sky over long green meadows that slope down to blue whitecapped water .
a grassy meadow of blossoming orange lilies spread before him .
the view below extended for kilometers and encompassed grassy meadows , the wooded heights of the rothaar , and the muddy eder flowing east to kassel .
green meadows sprinkled with copses of tall fir lined the highway .
knots of pine - clad hills , stunted scrub , and alpine meadows , all beautiful and rugged , yet an eeriness permeated .
also , there were other windows on the outside walls that looked over the meadows , profuse with weaving high grass and springtime flowers .
how are you , and have you taken your stroll today through our meadows ? ''
in the discarded , obsolete airfield north of lakenheath , in the cut down meadows of county kent , the two huge reconditioned messerschmitt me 323 gliders had been assembled .
huckleberry ridge mountain warfare training center throughout the morning , small - unit war had raged across the alpine meadows and forested slopes of the cascade range .
all at once , however , it did , winding inward from the dizzying face of the mountain to emerge into an alpine meadow many times the size of the one onto which the two chinooks had been brought down .
they were coming to a river that wound steeply from the edge of one alpine meadow to a lower one .
i passed through an alpine meadow thirteen or fourteen klicks northwest of your current position .
a sweet smell rose to his nostrils as he flashed past the rolling , flower - dotted carpet of a meadow .
divided by the isar river , it was filled with jogging and bicycle paths , meadows , forests , and even hills .
smith took the exit , drove into the park , and stopped the rolls at a secluded meadow surrounded by a stand of thick trees .
it still retained the tree - lined streets and grassy meadows , the old houses and classic university buildings , and the elegant and peaceful atmosphere in which high learning and tranquil lifestyles were most comfortably pursued .
his contact had likewise wanted to talk - no surprise there - and was nearby , so they chose the same bench past the sheep meadow , near bethesda fountain , where they 'd met before .
the oak forest ended and a grassy meadow stretched before him .
he 'd brought a pair of binoculars and used them to survey where the forest ended and a grassy meadow began .
ironically , though irony was lost on bennett , he named his cookie - cutter projects after the landscape he was destroying - rolling meadows , whispering oaks , forest hills , etcetera .
when he leased the wellstone estate , we were , of course , delighted to accept him into green meadow .
nestled against sweet - smelling pines , the chalet was perched on a steep slope at the edge of broad fields and meadows in sight of la grande chartreuse , a famous carthusian monastery .
two more were searching out into the sloping meadow , while high above on a second - story deck stood abu auda with two older saudis .
sweating , his wounds itching , jon continued on across an open meadow and stopped in a fringe of trees , excited .
they 're gon na sell me some meadows out on long island . '
she soared alone , a crusty , patrician eagle sweeping the infinite meadows of her own particular heaven .
buried them in watertight drums in the mountain meadows of the alps , not a hundred miles from here , and presented themselves to the american counterintelligence corps to make a deal .
she imagined herself traipsing through meadows filled with bermuda grass and dandelions .
a black - glass building in the center of a rock - strewn meadow , the beginnings of a forest a half kilometer behind .
the chopper was beyond the house , out over the grassy meadow , maybe a thousand feet high .
also on the wall of this little boy who will soon be the fisherman 's fourth victim ( yes , there has already been a third , as we have seen ) , holding pride of place directly over his bed , is a travel poster showing a great dark castle at the end of a long and misty meadow .
here , in a sturdy brick house sitting at the end of a half - mile meadow as yet undiscovered by the developers ( even here there are a few developers , unknowing agents of slippage ) , lives dale gilbertson with his wife , sarah , and his six - year - old son , david .
` ` here we are , '' dale said , having noticed or not , and swerved into a long , overgrown drive , hedged with wildflowers and tall grasses , which appeared to lead nowhere except into a great expanse of meadow and banks of waist - high flowers .
beyond the meadow , striped fields sloped upward to the wooded hillside .
the meadow goes with the house , and my cousins randy and kent own the field . ''
here was ` ` the nice little place , '' sturdy , newly painted , lovingly maintained , modest yet beautiful in its proportions , removed from the road , removed from the world , at the edge of a green and yellow meadow profuse with flowers .
let 's go out the kitchen door and take a gander at the meadow , okay ? ''
he had escaped to this obscure pocket of the countryside , this shelter , this haven at the edge of a yellow meadow , removed from the world of threat and madness , removed by nearly twenty miles from french landing , removed a good distance even from norway valley road .
way back in may , jack tells himself , he probably came across that robin 's egg on an absentminded stroll through the meadow and put it in the refrigerator for safekeeping .
fog up the river , where it flows among green aits and meadows ; fog down the river , where it rolls defiled among the tiers of shipping , and the waterside pollutions of a great ( and dirty ) city .
at the far end of the empty lot , a low concrete wall rises to bumper height between the asphalt and the meadow bordered by trees .
he jams the cassette recorder in a jacket pocket , slings the nikon on its strap around his neck , and runs around the low wall and into the meadow .
so while the former mad hungarian tries to keep both his hands and voice from trembling as he dials the chief 's home number and passes on jack 's two - sided message , jack himself wanders away from the house , away from the drive and his pickup truck , away from anything that reminds him of human beings , and into a meadow filled with high , yellow - green grasses .
half a mile back across the field , henry 's meadow curves around henry 's house .
10:37 p.m. from the edge of a copse of trees across a broad starlit meadow , tucker spied a plank - sided building the size of an aircraft hangar along the bank of the volga .
` ` pretty little meadow , close to the stream . ''
pockets of mist had begun to form around the edges of the meadow , drifting between the poplar and spruce , and he thought about the previous night with kalyn as he scanned the directions for the camp stove .
they drank hot chocolate and ate surprisingly delicious rehydrated suppers , standing in the meadow as the snow began to fall - big downy flakes melting on the rocks and trees .
her tracks headed down through the meadow , and as he walked , his headlamp seemed slowly but steadily to dim , until he could barely see anything but the ankle - deep snow at his feet .
will could see his breath in the eerie light , the profile of trees , the tent forty yards away at the opposite end of the meadow .
will was working his way through profound darkness , trying to find the tent , confident he was headed in the right direction , but soon his hands were touching the snow - glazed bark of spruce trees , and he realized he 'd wandered out of the meadow , back into the woods .
he started to call out for devlin , let her voice guide him back to the meadow .
the meadow 's just over the top , i think .
he reached the top of the small hill , but instead of seeing the meadow and the tent as he 'd expected , he saw only more forest , his footprints winding aimlessly through the trees .
he kept expecting to emerge from the forest , and at last he did , but it was n't into the meadow they 'd camped in .
he looked to the near end , saw where a ribbon of water flowed out of it , knew that was the stream they 'd followed earlier in the day , hoped it would guide him back to the meadow , to devlin .
the moon shone upon the meadow .
she followed them down through the meadow to the point where they split , one set veering into the woods , the other crossing the meadow , back toward the tent , missing it by less than ten feet .
she followed them down through the meadow to the point where they split , one set veering into the woods , the other crossing the meadow , back toward the tent , missing it by less than ten feet .
scott finally pulled over onto the edge of a meadow and parked beside a dinged and rusted bronco that had long ago ceased to be one discernible color .
abigail smiled when two llamas stepped down into the meadow and began munching on the grass .
it veered off the road and pulled up onto the meadow , a rack of sirens mounted on top , san juan county sheriff 's department emblazoned on the driver 's and passenger 's doors .
a heavy frost had blanched the tents and meadow grasses .
` ` in july , when the wildflowers peaked , we all hiked up to engineer meadow , and the flowers were more spectacular than they 'd been in years .
a quarter of a mile down - canyon , jerrod 's bronco , the llama trailer , and the faded blue speck of scott 's suburban stood parked where they 'd been left four days ago , in a meadow by the road .
she followed it down five switchbacks before it straightened out , leveled off , and emerged from the spruce forest into a meadow .
she looked across the meadow to where the trail entered the forest , her eyes slanting up through the spruce to the first switchback , then following it to the next bend .
chasing her little boy through an alpine meadow , sunlight caught up in his rusty hair , his high , small laughter resounding off the mountains as she tickles his ribs .
from the window above my kitchen sink , a small meadow could be seen forty yards through the firs - a distant patch of green light when the sun was strong .
i reached the meadow .
on meadow 's side , holding his hand , laneesha simms .
they went across a meadow and forded a stream and climbed up the bank into a grove of fir trees .
he turned off the car and got out and walked back to the stream and stared across the meadow toward the road .
he scrambled down the bank to the edge of the stream and had started to cross over to test the soundness of their hiding place from the meadow .
he glanced back at the meadow , imagined he could see the rover 's tire tracks in the dusting of snow , though he was n't sure .
it went alongside the meadow .
they put naomi and cole to bed and went across the stream together and out into the meadow .
he pointed at the meadow where their footprints led back into the trees , advertising the location of their camp .
it was early afternoon , and except for where the trees threw shade , the snow had disappeared from the meadow and the ground was supple .
into a meadow , the frosted grasses sparkling under the sun , the road straight for a quarter mile .
as they reentered the woods on the other side , naomi said , ` ` they 're just now coming into the meadow . ''
` ` if they 're smart , they 'll send two trucks up the canyon and two trucks back to the meadow to wait . ''
several switchbacks later , the road curved and jack walked out of the aspen into a meadow .
he jogged into the meadow .
he walked across the meadow into the trees and sat down against the base of an aspen .
nothing before this cabin mattered anymore , only the given day , and with this thought he cleared his mind and scanned the trees that rimmed the meadow , praying for an elk to emerge .
dee jumped up from the rocking chair and walked off the porch and vanished into the meadow .
as the first rays of sunlight streamed through the aspen onto the meadow , he severed the muscle tissue that held the entrails and let the steaming gutpile roll out of the carcass into the grass .
* * * * * snow , just a dusting , lay upon the meadow the following morning but it was gone before lunch .
the afternoon , jack spent sitting on the porch drinking beer and watching dee and the kids play out on the meadow .
` ` just peeking out at the meadow .
the meadow stretched into darkness .
stood there for a moment scanning the meadow and the trees around the periphery , but the shadows kept their secrets so well he could n't even see his family in the darkness behind the shed .
they climbed all morning through a spruce forest , emerging at midday onto a broad , ascending ridge of meadows .
they had covered barely a mile by evening when they left the road for a boulder - strewn meadow .
she had n't intended to lie in this meadow all day .
they walked through the alpine meadow to the shoulder of the road .
naomi ran back into the meadow and dee stepped out into the road , searching for the glint of headlights through the trees , but there was nothing save for the noise of the approaching engine .
ed pulled the cherokee into the meadow and got out and popped the hatch .
dee stood watching the jeep move across the meadow and into the road , heard the engine rev , saw its taillights wink out , listening as it sped away from them into the darkness .
the shadow of that jeep reappeared and shot out a triangle of light as it entered the meadow .
the digital clock read 2:59 a.m. ed put the car into gear and eased across the meadow , over the shoulder , back onto the road .
a few people were out already , the long grass blanched with frost , and in daylight , the meadow appeared cluttered - two dozen one - room cabins like the one they occupied , three larger a - frames , the central steel building , and a number of semi - trailers standing along the edge of the woods , rusted all to hell and cemented with pine needles as if it had been centuries since their abandonment .
the meadow was abuzz with soldiers , many of them closer than he would ' ve liked , and some of them with dogs .
a kind of all - but - barren alpine meadow , bordered on two sides by more walls of black and grey rock , but opening westward quite some way , as far as ezio could see .
en route to nottingham hill , i also passed bedford falls , juniper springs , wuthering heights , and fragrant meadows .
captain meadows is under orders from the deputy chief who 's under orders from o'meara himself to deal with the situation as quietly as possible . ''
the colleges are ancient and picturesque ; the streets are almost magnificent ; and the lovely isis , an which flows beside it through meadows of exquisite verdure , is spread forth into a placid expanse of waters , which reflects its majestic assemblage of towers , and spires , and domes , embosomed among aged trees .
sometimes , indeed , i dreamt that i wandered in flowery meadows and pleasant vales with the friends of my youth ; but i awoke , and found myself in a dungeon .
a fox trotted over the meadow beyond the gardens that stretched down to the cliffs and the sea .
` ` i guess wecould try it when we get to a meadow , '' she said slowly .
maggie and cady suddenly burst out into an-.other meadow .
it smelled like a meadow in the sun .
he wrote that he 'd found the thing up on the high meadows , one spring .
we were surrounded by darkness and a fog - covered meadow .
together we walked through the meadow , pushing the tall grass out of our way .
we drove through a forgotten meadow and along a bumpy dirt path .
she was in a meadow .
and now fear was galloping inside her , and in her mind the bright meadow was turning into a nightmare of darkness and stink and pressure and gibbering mindless things .
she wanted the bright meadow with the impossibly green grass , even if it had been a dream .
it reminded her of the tunnel and the meadow and ... oh .
the light continued to get brighter , just as it had in the meadow .
he looked more different now than he had in the meadow .
that meadow i saw - that was n't it , was it ? ''
i died on the operating table - and i went to a place like that meadow .
not the tunnel , not the meadow .
woods gave way to a higher meadow .
at the far end of the meadow , a few scattered trees looked down on the remains of an old building .
crossing the meadow was a kind of hell .
jacques reached the edge of the meadow at the timberline to find mikhail pacing carefully across a patch of earth .
` ` it is strung crisscrossed throughout the meadow at various heights .
jacques moved across the meadow , high above the gleaming wires .
as i walked across the meadow and approached the burned area , the stone fireplace was on my right .
before he slipped off to sleep , he remembered the meadow with the wire strung across it and sent off a silent warning to anything that might try to venture into it .
in the meadow he set up wires murderous not only to our kind but to humans and animals as well .
there were flowers of all colors carpeting the meadow , lifting their petals to the sky .
she perched on a craggy boulder up above a meadow surrounded by forests of thick trees .
there were thick stands of trees in places , long stretches of meadow in others .
a meadow spread out before her covered in green grass , beds of herbs , and fields of wildflowers .
raven stepped out of the timberline , began a slow saunter boldly across the meadow , humming to herself as she walked .
wolves boiled out of the forest , circled the meadow , glowing eyes fixed on the three people dodging branches that were hurtling through the air .
the earth rolled again , split the meadow open .
there on the meadow , with the world coming to an end , he took the shape of a huge , black wolf , a wolf with the hungry , mad eyes of retribution .
the bedchamber was warm and smelled of nature - wood and meadow .
mikhail ran effortlessly , sustaining great speed as he swerved through the underbrush , the trees , loped across a meadow and took off again as if shot from a bow .
as he flowed past the priest 's cabin and into the meadow , his mind rippled with uneasiness .
it sprang forward , claws unsheathed , with a chaotic need to bound across the snow - covered meadow for the trees .
after the first explosive burst of speed , the horse 's gait settled into a rhythmic gallop and they raced flat out across the open meadow .
sheep dotted the meadows and in the distance she could see the river running , filled to capacity .
gerald dragged terry through the meadow to where the car was parked beneath some naked branches .
the stars seemed very real , as did the surrounding forest and meadow of flowers .
she could see the bogs shimmering with ice crystals , the meadows capped with white powder .
she had never had a childhood , never been able to play or laugh , to feel the freedom of the wind in her face , to look down at the tops of the trees and the glistening meadows , to somersault in the night sky and just have fun .
lara felt a tingling , stretching sensation in her feet as she landed back in the snow and hurried across the meadow toward the rising slope .
beneath them was a white carpet of dazzling crystals spread across the meadows and draped over the tall trees .
she continued moving over the ever - expanding meadow toward the tree , her bare feet skimming the fresh grass .
she tasted like a spring meadow under a full moon and he wanted all of her .
a short distance from them , deer moved out onto the meadow , but none approached the thicker grass a few yards from where she was standing .
the herd whirled and raced away from the meadow , back into the forest .
the bats tore great chunks of flesh from the deer to get at her insides , but even while some fed , others began to use their teeth to pull the weight of the carcass across the meadow toward the taller grass .
stacks of hay dotted the meadows and led the way up the mountain to the timberline .
once in the air , vikirnoff flew over the meadows and hills in a low flying pattern to allow natalya to see the countryside from the air .
sheep dotted the meadows and farms and churches and castles stretched out below them .
he dropped low to skim through a meadow of wildflowers before circling around to fly back up toward the higher peaks .
the meadows were a vivid green even in the gathering darkness .
she watched the ground below them , inexplicably sad , the vivid shades of green , the riot of colors from the meadows of flowers and the stacks of hay dotting the rolling hills , all blurring together until she blinked away the tears swimming in her eyes .
natalya increased her speed , cutting through a meadow and bounding over a hill .
her father continued his journey , moving into the meadows , turning toward the nearest village .
instantly she was out of the car and running , leaving the asphalt behind , taking to the open meadow leading to the hills and the south side of the estate .
when it was over , jaxon sat in the open meadow with the cleansing rain pouring down on her upturned face and the wind driving out all thoughts other than supporting lucian in his battle with the most evil monster of all .
as if he was strolling through a meadow of wildflowers , not in the fight of his life .
` ` the literal meaning is the meadow of nights , mists and ghosts .
manolito might have to follow the dictates of the meadow of nights , but maryann evidently did not .
when our bodies are in the realm of the living and our souls are in the meadow of mists , it is difficult to protect ourselves out in the open in the rain forest . ''
he knows you are in the meadow or '' mists , yet is he watching after your lifemate ?
the urge to take her blood , to bring her fully into his world , was on him , but he fought it back , afraid he might trap her with him in the meadow of ghosts and shadows .
manolito could not abandon him to lamti bol juti , kinta , ja szelem , the meadow of night , mists and ghosts , nor could he wait much longer or the man would be half - dweller , as manolito was certain he was .
she had insisted on standing by him , refusing to leave him alone in the meadow of mists , even when she was unsure of him .
whatever maxim is doing is there in the meadow of mists and ghosts , sivamet .
he could see the rotting vegetation on the ground as he passed through on his way to the mountains of jagged boulders that marked the entrance to the meadow of mists .
the meadow seemed to separate those who had little or no remorse for the things they did in their former life from the ones who struggled to understand where they had gone wrong .
as he approached closer to the meadow , heat and steam rose to envelope him .
if xavier could yoke the shadow warriors , he might find a way to harness the legions of undead waiting in the meadow of mists .
before , the first time his spirit had arrived , most turned away with a quick gesture toward the meadow , yet now the inhabitants seemed to accept him .
the atmosphere around the meadow had n't bothered him and he had instinctively sought it out .
he came to the meadow and halted , staring out over the expanse of sinkholes and shifting soil .
the mist lay heavy over the meadow , a gray - green vapor that reeked of sulfur .
vlad gestured across the meadow .
he sighed and resolutely turned back to face the path to the meadow .
he shrugged and proceeded to the belching , steaming meadow where the veil of mist hung low and the bubbling pools of mud spit out dark , ugly stains .
why had n't vlad warned him that his son resided in the meadow of mists and shadows ?
because in the meadow of shadows and mists , the ghosts could feel every emotion .
he had been all over the world , sailed the seas , raced through meadows and fields of flowers and had resided in enormous , beautiful caves , yet he had never done such a simple thing as touch a horse .
overhead , in the sky , whips of lightning began to strike the field , hitting the open meadow where man of no honor crawled .
she kicked at the mare again , riding across the meadow to the far hillside , where she began casting about for a sign .
sometimes , when she first woke , she still felt the blades going through bone and organs as they chopped her into little pieces and scattered her across the meadow , left to be eaten by the wolves .
the forest gave way to a clearing where a small cabin and outhouse sat , a stream bisecting the meadow surrounding it .
others perhaps might believe you , but i have hunted the vampire for many centuries now and i know the ones who took me to the meadow of our father and chopped my body into pieces and left them for the wolves .
there was blood everywhere , fur and bones and carcasses strewn over the very meadow where they had done the same to me . ''
a ribbon of icy water cut through the valley , meandering through several wide meadows used for pastures and winding in and out of groves of trees .
a slight breeze blew through the trees so that they caught glimpses of figures up ahead in the meadow - many figures .
he signaled his brothers and they separated , coming around the meadow from three different points of attack .
vikirnoff stalked away , leading the group of hunters across the meadow thick with snowmen and back into the forest .
they had watched the rising moon burning across the snowcapped mountains , pouring silver across the midnight blue skies to spotlight the sparkling snow layered across the meadows and hanging in the trees .
the owls glided on silent wings over the snow - covered ground as they crossed above a meadow , the female moving into the lead , dropping low to gain the protection of the forest for as long as possible .
as they flew across the forests and meadows , they spotted evidence of vampires passing through the vicinity .
the modern enhancements had always struck tavia as sorely out of place beside the property 's stout , rambling stone walls and rolling meadows .
it expanded , in both vibration and roar , growing stronger as the three hurried across the snow - filled meadow .
wonderful to listen to the deer and rabbits and rats feeding in the meadows around her .
they passed meadows and stands of douglas fir .
but my discomfort paled as my blood hit the liquid and the warm meadow fragrance arose .
he ripped off his boots and socks , leaving them scattered over the meadow .
the tall ferns had infiltrated the meadow around the house , crowding against the trunks of the cedars , even the wide porch .
i swallowed once , remembering the two times i 'd seen jacob in his wolf form - the first time in the meadow with laurent , the second time on the forest lane where paul had gotten angry at me ... ...
unbelievably huge , black as midnight , a monster straight out of my nightmares - literally ; after the first time i 'd seen sam and the others in the meadow , they 'd starred in my bad dreams more than once .
in spite of that , the meadow was bright in the light shining from every window .
` ` the newborns have reached the end of the trail - it worked like a charm , jasper 's a genius - and they ' ve caught the scent of the ones in the meadow , so they 're splitting into two groups now , as alice said , '' edward murmured , his eyes focused on something far away .
it was like alice and jasper in the meadow , a blurred spiraling of movement , only this dance was not as perfectly choreographed .
` ` like that girl bree in the meadow ? ''
` ` let 's go to our meadow . ''
the meadow was a peaceful , happy place today .
bending close , jenks sent the aroma of dry meadow over me .
i could smell the sweat on him , reminding me of a meadow somehow .
the walls were painted with beautiful murals of frolicking centaurs , lush meadows , and blooming flowers .
it grew darker , as though clouds had come across the meadow and the drowsy sheep in the picture .
mikhail quickly scanned the group of malcontents as they emerged from the nearby forest and gathered on the moonlit meadow , snarling and thumping their fists against their shields .
the two horses munched on the green grass of the meadow where she 'd camped .
he gave the horses a wary look , then zipped around the meadow and nearby woods at vampire speed .
she pointed at the far side of the meadow .
she ran down the steps and into the grassy meadow .
phineas had taken her back to the meadow below the cloud peak glacier .
on the south side , a garden had been planted where the land sloped down to a flat meadow .
she 'd danced barefoot in the meadow while he 'd serenaded her with the pipes .
` ` that 's bella 's old house , '' xhex said after she took form in a meadow beside john matthew .
as she ripped across the depiction of the apple tree in the floor , he recalled the memory of her that night they had tried to bring her home to her father 's , her nightgown streaming behind her , turning her into a ghost as she ran across the moonlit meadow .
there were deer at the far edge of the meadow by the forest of trees , their delicate hooves brushing through fallen leaves , their heads bobbing as they meandered along .
struggling to focus his eyes , he was greeted by a meadow , a rolling meadow that rose to meet a magnificent autumnal tree .
struggling to focus his eyes , he was greeted by a meadow , a rolling meadow that rose to meet a magnificent autumnal tree .
no , the fighter who had called her forth to this meadow was of equal size , as was the male who delivered the wounded here to her feet .
she would have stayed forever in this meadow , beneath this tree ... linked to this brave warrior who had nearly given his life in the war against the lessening society .
the male had been silent since they had left the meadow .
` ` it was a meadow .
to the meadow , the moon - washed meadow with the big tree .
to the meadow , the moon - washed meadow with the big tree .
the problem with my planning was that i was n't sure if we were going to make it to the meadow before the day ended because of how slow her truck was .
the anticipation of being all alone with bella in the most peaceful meadow was causing a different type of monster to rear its head up now ; infatuation maybe ?
the meadow , my little slice of heaven , was one of the few places where i was able to give my mind some peace .
i looked through the dense forest at the bright sunlight beaming through to the opening of a beautiful meadow .
i noticed when she saw the light from the meadow .
i wanted her to enter the meadow first .
we reached the meadow then .
i was instantly standing in the shade across the meadow .
i ran around the meadow two times at my normal pace to add to my statement , ` ` as if you could outrun me , '' i laughed sharply .
even after we leave this meadow , she was planning on staying with me .
the beautiful meadow i 'd seen only once in my life , lit by sunshine and the sparkle of his skin .
a little meadow , the most beautiful place .
i threw myself into the search for the meadow with slightly frenzied intensity .
and then , with an abruptness that disoriented me , i stepped through a low arch made by two vine maplespushing past the chest - high fernsinto the meadow .
i was n't exactly sure what i 'd hoped to feel here , but the meadow was empty of atmosphere , empty of everything , just like everywhere else .
if i 'd discovered the meadow with jacob well , there was no way i could have disguised the abyss i was plunging into now .
the meadow was a magic place again .
laurent took a casual step to the side , gazing around at the little meadow .
my eyes scanned the meadow , searching for the interruption that had extended my life by a few seconds .
flanking it on either side , another two gigantic beasts prowled silently into the meadow .
at least i 'd come here alone , to this fairytale meadow filled with dark monsters .
a cold breeze whipped through the meadow , swaying the grass like something was moving through it .
it took me three times as long to escape the trees as it had to get to the meadow .
what i 'd seen in the meadow just got stranger and strangermore impossible to understand .
this was the great russet wolf i 'd stood half a foot from in the meadow , just a week ago .
a pack of five mind - blowingly gigantic , multihued werewolves that had stalked right past me in edward 's meadow suddenly , i was in a frantic hurry .
` ` you knowyou saw him in the meadow .
i remembered only too clearly the giant monsters in the meadow .
` ` hey , are you okay about the whole thing with the black - haired bloodsucker in the meadow ?
recently , this particular meadow , open to the sky and off the beaten track , had come into use by a dirigible company .
it maneuvered in toward the meadow and then , as the two ladies watched , cut and cranked down its propeller before sinking softly into a landing .
abruptly diego looked away from me , staring out across the meadow .
as they left the tree cover and came out into a clear meadow , the winter grass had turned silver in the moon - light .
he breathed in the night air , letting the tranquility of the meadow , the sound of crickets and the feel of her arms around his chest soothe and steady him .
he swung his leg over and walked her into that meadow .
rising , he slid his arms around her waist to lift her , so the last garment fell to the meadow floor and she was fully , blissfully naked against his half - clad but tautly aroused body .
shifting , he laid her down on their clothes cushioned beneath by the soft meadow grass .
that delicate ear , as finely made as any flower that grew in the meadow during the first gentle touch of spring .
it was his first rational thought as he regained his senses and found his cheek on the meadow floor , his gaze on that beautiful ear , touched by moonlight .
he might as well predict the direction to chase a butterfly through a meadow of wildfiowers so colorful he could barely distinguish between the creature he chased and the nodding blooms .
the place where he was standing now had been clean beach surrounded by salt meadows and dense forest .
an elegant frieze had been propped behind the bowl in the hollowed - out area , depict- ing a medieval lady among a meadow of stone flowers .
the rest of the wedding guests were drifting toward the tent set up on the other side of the meadow , where a band was warming up on the dance floor .
theirs had been more formal , two hundred guests in a church instead of fifty in a meadow , but she had been as happy as bonnie 's glowing face was right now .
bonnie kicked off her high - heeled shoes to walk in the wet grass of the meadow , hand in hand with zander , her dearest friends around her .
some of these could survive for years , becoming little islands in the leaping waters , growing little forests and little meadows and colonies of big birds .
she let go of him and sauntered across the meadow .
i d like to go back to the meadow where we made love last night .
a minute later , they arrived at the green meadow nestled in the midst of forested mountains .
a green meadow stretched out below her , surrounded by mountains .
in the middle of the meadow , a circle of gray stones stood .
at some point very near the end of the journey , i found the main road , the forest thinned and then gave way to smooth fields and meadows , and i took the twists and turns at a gallop .
it seemed i 'd stumbled into a blowing meadow of flowers , quite far away from this place and from all woes , and she lay with me , fallen against silently crushed stems and uncomplaining irises , ursula , with her undone ashen hair , and she smiled with the most engaging and demanding eyes , fervent , perhaps even brilliant , as if ours were a sudden and total infatuation of mind as well as body .
once again , all that was real melted and was swept away like so much idle smoke rising from a fire , and we were together in the meadow which belonged only to us , only to our diligent and indissoluble embraces .
i saw her breasts , felt the taste of her , saw in a blurred flash the flowered meadow .
i struggled to remember the prick of her teeth against my throat without the spell which had always come with them , but there it was , threatening to swallow me , the drifting , fragrant memory of meadows and her tender breasts .
i felt ravaged , and with both hands in a fantasy i reached out for her figure as we ran together through the meadow which belonged only to us and to which these others could never be admitted .
the meadow spread out around us , vast and cool , and utterly given over to the blowing lilies .
but there was no meadow , only the shocking sight of her face again , and then a dimming light , a gathering embrace of darkness and sound .
` ` no , i dreamed of the meadow , '' i said .
` ` i saw something in the meadow .
` ` i saw someone in the meadow , someone so ...
it seemed i dreamed , and once again came the bright green limitless meadow to my eyes , and once again , as ursula ran from me , as her spirited young form rushed across the high breaking field of grass and lilies , there rose another figure , another familiar figure .
` ` it was you i saw in the meadow , you i saw when she drank my blood . ''
she ran through the blowing meadow .
` ` thinking of a meadow that never existed and a young woman who is dead ? ''
twilight filled the space above , violet - colored , like the flowers of the meadow , and she stood over me .
` ` oh , lord god , it 's the meadow , look , the meadow , '' i said .
` ` oh , lord god , it 's the meadow , look , the meadow , '' i said .
for an instant it seemed they rested on hard rocks in this meadow , as if the backs of my hands had found harsh pebbles , but once again i felt the broken stems , the bed of purple and red and white irises .
the meadow was suddenly flooded with sunlight .
it contracted , and my sighs seemed to grow immense , and the beating of my heart to echo , as though we were not in a wild meadow , and the sounds that came from my empowered body , my transformed body , my body so full of her blood , echoed off stone walls !
the meadow was gone or never was .
` ` yes , somewhere on the edge of a true meadow ? ''
` ` there are meadows in this fair land without count , my love , '' she said .
the scent of a summer meadow grew heavy , and pollen streaked his green shirt .
he smelled like soap , and under that , of a green meadow faraway and distant .
` ` as a summer day in the meadow , '' he breathed heavily , wiping his face .
he felt like he was walking barefoot over a glass meadow with his heart strapped to the bottom of each foot .
the next one was what appeared to be a meadow at dusk .
she had hair the color of newly fallen snow , eyes like a meadow and the face of an angel .
in fact , when she closed her eyes , she could imagine herself twirling in a meadow , thickets of roses stretching toward her , a rainbow of soft , fragrant petals .
for a second , she would have sworn she 'd truly been in that meadow .
for one moment he remembered her as a small child , playing in the meadow .
and yet you dream about her dancing for you barefoot in a meadow .
4 december 18 , 4:32 p.m. pst santa clara county , california astride her favorite horse , erin cantered across meadows turned golden brown by the dry california winter .
6 december 18 , 5:34 p.m. pst santa clara county , california as twilight swept over the hills and meadows , erin thundered down the last of the trail toward the stables .
and your eyes ... ah , they are as green as the meadows i played in as a child . ''
hand in hand , they walked through the verdant meadow .
the walls were beige , all hung with large paintings - a stag in the midst of a sun - drenched meadow ; a wolf posed on the edge of a craggy hill ; a shepherd cradling a lamb to his chest ; a herd of wild horses running across a moonlit prairie .
that thought was uppermost in her mind as they rode through a stand of tall timber that opened onto a flat meadow , and she beheld an indian village for the first time .
the cemetery was located in a meadow ringed by tall cottonwood trees , which were considered sacred - not only by the lakota , but by other tribes , as well .
to run wild and free in the meadows and mountains whenever she wished , the way the alphas did ?
side by side , they made their way to the meadow .
in this day of malls and superstores and housing tracts , holding on to the land had been no easy task , but a good lawyer , and a bit of supernatural magic , had ensured that the castle , the ground it sat on , and the meadow below , would be his as long as he lived .
he came to a halt when he reached the meadow nestled between a pair of low hills .
hand in hand , they strolled along a winding narrow path behind the fortress that meandered through a copse of trees and opened into a lush green meadow .
still uncertain she was doing the right thing , she trailed behind him as he moved through the meadow , as silent as smoke .
` ` and now , my friend , you 're a wolf who has bounded into a pretty meadow and discovered it 's full of snakes and steel traps . ''
a stillness that reminded her of a meadow on a midsummer day settled over her .
the summershe 'd first met him , long before either were old enough to be thinking of marriage or courting , he 'd been riding haphazardly through the meadows between their families ' adjoining estates .
i came barreling across a meadow , not realizing i had strayed onto the lands of our neighbor , and - ah , but you do remember now , do n't you ? ''
he remembered from that day in the meadow , when she had lectured him , how it billowed and blew in a mass of dark curls around her shoulders and arms , in ringlets from one end to the other .
` ` never believe that i have forgotten my promise to take you riding across the fields and meadows ... but i feared for the weather to drown out our ride , and knew that the carriage would protect you better . ''
` ` i ' m certain you recall the day after you fell from your horse , meeting up with me in the same meadow .
winkler stared at the dome of light in the meadow where ashe had taken him and the others .
the reporter 's image disappeared , replaced with one of people lining up to receive food and water in a meadow somewhere .
i had to go looking eventually to see that the word he 'd given me was greek - it meant meadows .
i do n't know why they call it the meadows , there 's nothing green there for clicks . ''
lifting thirty agents into my mist , in addition to norian and lendill , i went flying over the tops of buildings in what was referred to as the meadows near mazareal 's capital city .
i homed in on that - it was near the eastern edge of the meadows .
a power bubble is what i formed on the streets of the meadows , the poverty - stricken portion of a city that could no longer boast a sandwich cart outside black mist headquarters .
too bad he did n't see the first fingers of sunlight reaching through the meadows as a result .
` ` i see a beautiful meadow in bright sunlight , with flowers everywhere .
we stood in a high mountain meadow , and it was lovely there .
kifirin was the god now , standing in a high meadow , his face stern and full of power .
i stared about us - we stood in a high meadow somewhere , while grazing animals bleated all around us .
falaca grazed and bleated about us in their mountain meadow , while i sniffled and wiped my face with shaking fingers .
you smell like snow and flowers in meadows .
` ` these will not offer anything but they will cower , just the same , '' kifirin said , pulling me through a second meadow .
even though i 'd known he was ra'ak , he was n't the one i 'd first seen in the meadow , eating the priests .
` ` and he was n't the one i saw in the meadow , either . ''
a tall hill - or a small mountain - stands in front of a grassy meadow .
colonel martin does n't look happy , but he heads across the meadow as well , cutting a swath through the high , yellowish - green grass .
the farther in the open we travel , the faster my people go until we 're all jogging across the wide meadow , tall grasses whipping against our legs .
when we get to the edge of the forest , the people are already gathering into a crowd in the meadow that stretches between the trees and the ruins .
but i just stand there , at the edge of the meadow that has become an unspoken border , one thought occupying my mind .
we race across the open meadow , and i keep thinking about how amy said we were exposed .
colonel martin casts an eye over the group assembling in the meadow .
instead of taking me straight back to the closest building - which would take less than five minutes - chris veers to the right , skirting the meadow at the edge of the colony .
44 : elder by the time i ' m dressed and racing down the steps after them , i can barely see chris and amy entering the forest on the other side of the meadow .
they would see me in the meadow , and it 's not safe anyway .
we start out across the meadow after the group heading back to the ruins .
i lead them both in the direction of the probe , not bothering to sneak through the tall grass of the meadow .
i wish we could take the quick way , straight through the meadow and up to the buildings .
their skin seems to shift , turning a lighter shade of green as they wade through the tall grass of the meadow between the forest and our homes .
61 : amy i sprint to the meadow , dirt raining down on me as one of the glass bombs explodes in the hill above .
the tall meadow grass does little to hide us .
a text from max : @ marx meadow near first aid .
as i walk to the meadow , i take off the wig .
` ` and then there 's molly , the hot - running bay - you 'll have to make special sure that she 's cooled down after a run - and jupiter , clarissa 's horse ; now , there 's a handful , i can tell you ... '' he falls asleep after a while , dreaming , i ' m sure , of horses and saddles and meadows and hay , and i put his hand gently down and go back to my kip .
'cause when i look below the sun , there on the waves is a boy dressed in ragged white britches and a bright blue vest , climbing up and down the waves as if they were small hillocks in a gentle meadow in england and he waves to me and i ask , ` ` charlie , is it you ? ''
it was over the sea that ireland waited to bring me home - back to the ashen meadow , to the cloven tree of the rebels ' song .
a meadow stretched as far as i could see .
they grew around the edges of the meadow , blocking my view of the world beyond .
a rusted notice read port meadow .
` ` what brings you to port meadow ? ''
warden was looking at the meadow .
port meadow was vast .
i trudged behind him , trying to work out the dimensions of the meadow .
come to think of it , everything about this meadow was perfect for spirit combat .
i wondered what kind of fence enclosed this meadow .
in the instant he took to stand , i tore into a sprint across the meadow .
away from the concrete oval and the lamps , i was left to stumble through the vastness of the meadow .
in the time we spent on that meadow , i barely fractured his dreamscape .
warden remained silent as we crossed a wet meadow where the lawns had been replaced by knee - deep weeds and grass .
but when we trained on the meadow , i encouraged you to push your spirit against my dreamscape .
i saw it on the meadow , when you broke into mine .
fire cried on the honey meadow .
smoke choked the honey meadow .
` ` i saw them once , once in the meadow !
sheol i was built around the large central residences , tapering off to the meadow and the trees .
all the familiar landmarks were there : magdalen , amaurotic house , the residence of the suzerain , the hawksmoor - and port meadow .
even if we all snuck to the meadow by daylight , moving in small groups , the rephaim would come after us .
` ` 28 , 14 , secure the meadow building , '' one of them called .
on the other hand , i needed to know whether or not the train was guarded , and whereabouts on the meadow i would find the entrance .
` ` i know there 's a train on port meadow .
if you can reach the meadow in time , you can take the train to london . ''
the harlies would cause the distraction , leaving other streets free for us to go north , to the meadow .
all that training on the meadow .
either way , i could n't move , but time was running out - i had to reach the meadow , to find the exit .
get to port meadow , '' he said .
` ` go to the meadow .
` ` yes , go to the meadow , 40 .
it was less than a mile to the meadow , but i was n't counting on getting there without a fight .
we ran all the way down the blasted street , then veered off on the path toward port meadow .
the meadow was pitch - black now , too dark to navigate .
` ` mr . hall and three of your companions are in the meadow , waiting for you , '' warden said .
i found a point above the meadow , cocked the hammer , and turned my head away .
the flare hung above the meadow , bursting out signal after signal .
when he opened the gate , the voyants and amaurotics - eight of them - moved through into the meadow .
` ` we came up from a passage to this meadow .
beneath the moonlight , the nvd charged through the meadow .
` ` but i need you to defend the meadow .
the spirits of the meadow rallied to their cause , flying at the nvd with twice the strength of bullets .
evan ran his fingers along the brook in the meadow , and he let out a light laugh remembering the cityscape from atop the apartment building in new york .
we had reached the end of the path right before it opened up into the meadow .
we were quiet as we walked through the meadow .
we can sleep in the backyard , or we can go to the meadow .
evan grinned as he drove us further along the trail toward the meadow .
we can sleep in the back yard , or we can go to the meadow .
the thought of never seeing the oak tree again , or walking in the meadow along the brook , was too difficult to fathom .
the night in the meadow under the stars .
only we were in a meadow , in the middle of ravenwood , the most infamous and feared plantation in gatlin county .
i pretty much wept until the sun fell out of the sky and the meadow around me was as dark and as light as i felt .
somewhere up ahead , the university was spread across one of the largest mountain meadows .
the sun had begun to rise by the time we reached the outer wall of the university campus , casting a sliver of orangey light that stretched across the mountain meadow .
as dawn crept across the lush meadow , throwing light over the tiny blue wildflowers , we reached our destination .
so later , as the other lads were holding forth in a tavern , i wandered off alone and walked through the town and into the meadow they call the common .
we leave the churchyard to our right , there is a meadow , and we come to the stables .
we leave the churchyard through another break in the stone wall and enter the open meadow .
there is another grave here , outside the wall , in the meadow .
sveva could see the very place where a row of huge bulged stones met a meadow .
i remember it from my childhood as a meadow , but it is actually just a lawn , closely tended and bare in patches .
he parked the car in front as the sun peeked out from behind the clouds , casting light along the meadow surrounding it .
one boy 's hat had blown free and was tumbling through the meadow .
jack took me on a day date to fall creek falls today , where we went horseback riding around the waterfalls and did some hiking that involved lunch in a deserted meadow .
prologue loire valley , france november 1565 chauncey was with a farmer 's daughter on the grassy banks of the loire river when the storm rolled in , and having let his gelding wander in the meadow , was left to his own two feet to carry him back to the chateau .
if we double back , we can use the trod through the frost meadows .
the trod past the frost meadows has become inaccessible .
` ` the frost meadows have become a battlefield , robin goodfellow , '' he said , making my stomach clench .
it had woodlands , meadows , even a couple of huge lakes , smack - dab in the middle of one of the largest cities in the world .
` ` you were standing in that meadow with the flowers in full bloom , surrounded by deer , and i remember thinking you were the most captivating sight in the entire nevernever .
whispers and muttering trailed us through the meadow .
part of him wanted to pick her up and zip her back down to the meadow below , but she insisted and he trusted her to tell him when she 'd had enough .
he pictured snow on trees , running down a leaf - strewn road , eating a hamburger , the moon casting a pale glow on a grassy meadow , swimming in a lake , a busy city square with hundreds of people bustling about their business .
i went back and gathered up the horses and led them into a small meadow i had previously noticed , hobbled them , and set them to graze .
i am led around the back of a group of tepees , down a path , and to a small meadow next to the river .
i suspect they are going back to the meadow next to the river .
tepeki gives me a nudge and we leave to go join the others in the meadow .
when tepeki and i get back to the meadow , i once again take up my bag of trade goods and begin passing out gifts .
but when i was a wee bairny , my mother used to sing me a scottish lullaby called ' schmeag schmore ' that went sort of like ' hush , little baby , ever'thin 's gon na be all right , the sheep 's in the meadow , and the cow 's in the corn , ' and i know you ca n't sing it to me , archy , but if you were to hum it real low , it would give me great comfort in my time o ' need , archy , it would ... '' chapter 52 it was a long night , one of the longest i have ever spent , but finally light began to creep through the door crack , and though i am cramped and achy , i make myself ready and steel myself for the attempt , for i know that this will be my only chance at escape before i am once again trussed up , helpless and doomed .
he turned away to face the landscape , awash in the golden light of spring , rolling green hills and lush meadows bursting with blooms .
the lace curtains , freckled with her blood , fluttered in the beneficent breeze and , past the jagged glass that still clung to the window 's frame , i could see the pleasant meadow of spring grass shimmering in the morning sun .
we stumbled clumsily down trail and through dead meadow , and crossed the desolate miles of brule , the trackless snowbound desert , with the gray dome of the sky upheld by the blackened pillars of branchless trees .
what pleasant meadows do you frolic in while i ' m talking ?
i could reach my hands into the putrid remains of an organism 's corruption as casually as a young girl plucksichsies in the meadow .
i find it beautiful - more splendid than a meadow in springtime .
in the snarl of winding passageways and dusty rooms and shelves overflowing with dead nightmarish things and i find it beautiful - more splendid than a meadow in springtime .
one last thing i must say lips slightly parted these are the secrets these are the secrets these are the secrets four the light of the monstrumologist 's lamp kissed the rough surface of the egg ; he leaned over it , bringing the lens of the loupe close , and his breath was but a whisper of wind through that beautiful meadow at springtime .
mathilde is tethered nearby in a little grassy meadow , contentedly munching on some grass .
i reach up and stroke her muzzle , and then it comes to me that i am not there in some peaceful meadow but rather here on the edge of what is sure to be a battlefield that will soon be soaked in blood .
as she got out , hanna took in the charming brick walkways , the ice - crusted lake in the back meadow , and the grand stone steps leading to the stately wooden door .
the cafeteria was a large , square room with honey - colored wood floors , small farm tables , a glossy black steinway grand piano off to one side , and a wall of windows that looked out onto the shimmering meadow .
we have just gotten back from a fine ride about the meadows and fields in the late fall air and i am lying sprawled on my back in the still - warm straw and it feels oh so lovely .
` ` i ' m sure we did n't drive past these meadows on the way to lord brompton 's , did we ? ''
` ` my name 's meadow , and i do n't say groovy anymore , because i got tired of people making fun of me . ''
` ` no sweat , '' said meadow , which was almost as bad as groovy .
clever , '' said meadow .
they took off their road - shoes , and followed meadow across the plaza toward tower one .
they passed a fountain in the center of the plaza , and meadow turned to them .
` ` make a wish anyway , '' said meadow .
once their wishes had joined the others in the fountain , meadow led them toward tower one .
` ` no , '' said meadow , ` ` it 's like putting flowers on a grave .
` ` you 'll really dig mary , '' said meadow .
ciao , '' meadow waved a quick good - bye , and sauntered away .
according to meadow , there were kids out there who traveled the world searching for items that had crossed over , and they would trade them to mary .
by now everyone had begun to gravitate around allie and meadow .
she left meadow in charge , and vari , who refused to be left behind , became the third member of their traveling party .
instead , one of the kickball kids playing the outfield turned to him and said , ` ` meadow says she went away for a while , but shell be back real soon . ''
` ` go get meadow , '' he told the kickball kid .
` ` mary 's going to have a fit when she sees this , '' meadow said .
then meadow ran toward the fountain , jumped in , and a moment later she was gone .
it 's like she 's determined to make it through this hike looking like it 's no more difficult than a stroll through a meadow .
when the heat was at its worst , they escaped into the woods to hunt for birds ' nests or swim in the muddy little creek , or they would lie for hours in their meadow , watching the sun pass slowly overhead , speculating on where they would build their dairy farm and whether they would have two white cows or three .
the boy is most at home in the meadow and the wood . ''
like loneliness , and memories of parents we were meant to forget , and the pleasure of escaping chores to play tag in our meadow .
i pressed my forehead to mal 's and heard him whisper , ` ` i 'll meet you in the meadow . ''
finally , i reached the top floor and the door to the old blue bedroom where we liked to sit in the window seat and look out at our meadow .
some part of me hoped that this had all been a mistake , that the darkling would realize his error and send me back to the regiment , that mal would realize how much he 'd missed me , that we 'd grow old together in our meadow .
the western trails took us through groves of squat larches and past meadows clustered with fireweed and red lichen .
mal took one look at the pristine expanse of the meadow and gave a disgusted shake of his head .
eventually , the meadow gave way to groves of thin silver birches and dense clusters of pines , their branches laden with snow .
we talked about the orphanage , the angry rasp of ana kuya 's voice , the taste of stolen cherry cordial , the smell of the new - mown grass in our meadow , how we 'd suffered in the heat of summer and sought out the cool comfort of the music room 's marble floors , the journey we 'd made together on the way to do our military service , the suli violins we 'd heard our first night away from the only home either of us could remember .
we were looking into west ravka , and as we drew closer , i saw their meadow , their drydocks , the village of novokribirsk nestled behind it .
i felt like we were back at keramzin , casting off our chores and braving the threat of the switch just to sneak away to our meadow .
the scent i knew so well , that dark green scent of the meadow , was lost beneath the smell of sweat and blood .
closing my eyes , i instantly return home , manifesting a meadow covered in lush green grass with a single willow tree standing tall .
suddenly i ' m in a meadow , the grass green and lush beneath my old sparkly feet .
i pull my other leg up to my chest and rest my head on my knees , avoiding his stare and gaze out at the grassy meadow that seems to roll on endlessly .
at the meadow .
can you be in the meadow by friday night ? ''
16 clara lux in obscuro as far as i can tell , every single member of the congregation is gathered around the campfire by the time we arrive in the meadow on friday night , and when we step into the circle , me cradling web in my arms , everyone goes quiet .
` ` we 're all on team clara , everybody in this meadow , every single one of us in your corner , even julia . ''
she keeps her arm around me as we walk to the edge of the meadow .
i ' ve thought about becoming a member of the congregation since the first time i came to this meadow .
within ten minutes i ' m standing in the innermost ring of an outward - spreading circle of angel - bloods , the entire congregation assembled again in the middle of the meadow , and every single one of them is looking right at me .
their light fills the meadow , and it 's different from the glory i call up in myself , fuller , like the beating heart of every person in the circle is my heart , and their breath is my breath , their voices my voice .
even though i feel lighter after the glory in the meadow the other night , the idea of hiding away with christian and web , creating a whole new identity for myself , still does n't sit right .
then nothing but fields on either side of the road , for almost a mile : a tangle of meadows .
hazels lined the side of the meadow .
i spotted a wooden stile and clambered over it , and kept running across the meadow , heart pounding like the biggest , loudest drum there was or had ever been , barefoot , with my pyjamas and my dressing gown all soaked below the knee and clinging .
the meadow was easier on my feet than the flint lane had been .
still , it made the lane seem less safe , and now i cut away across the meadow .
it died back and then it flared up , and its flares and flickers illuminated the meadow , made it something i could see .
it seemed , to my eyes , as if the soil beneath the grass had transmuted from base matter into pure light , and in the golden glow of the meadow the blue - white lightnings that still crackled around ursula monkton seemed much less impressive .
then lettie hempstock whispered old words into the world and the meadow exploded into a golden light .
here , late in the afternoon , he alighted in a green meadow by the side of a brook , and stretched himself on the grass to rest .
there was an explosion , and when i woke up , i was without my crown , lying dressed as you see me now in a green meadow .
in the gilded frame now was no longer their reflection , but a rolling land of green and yellow meadows , with red and white houses , and far off a golden castle against a blue sky .
amos ran to the mirror just in time to see them walking away across the green and yellow meadows to the golden castle .
she found it on the third day , in an overgrown meadow beside the tennis court , behind a clump of trees - a low brick circle almost hidden in the high grass .
where coraline came from , once you were through the patch of trees , you saw nothing but the meadow and the old tennis court .
she was at a picnic , under an old oak tree , in a green meadow .
and then , in the way of dreams , the picnic was done and they were playing in the meadow , running and shouting and tossing a glittering ball from one to another .
coraline stood in the meadow , and she watched as the three children ( two of them walking , one flying ) went away from her across the grass , silver in the light of the huge moon .
she crossed over it , to the meadow where the long grass swayed .
she found the planks on the edge of the meadow .
coraline ambled across the meadow toward the old tennis court , dangling and swinging the black key on its piece of string as she walked .
coraline imagined that she was back again in her dream , with the two girls and the boy under the oak tree in the meadow , and she smiled .
his foot sank into the muck of a small creek flowing through the meadow .
from out of the meadow , a snaking head rose .
they flashed through a meadow of knee - high wildflowers as they sprinted by the lookout spot where they 'd stopped yesterday .
the trail flowed out of the forest and into one of the park 's many meadows , the one that overlooked the city .
i maneuvered us to a safe spot in the meadow and braked .
my thoughts were n't lining up logically the sheep 's in the meadow the cow 's in the corn where is the girl and part of me knew that , but the ideas were shooting too fast through my head and unstoppable now , round and round the cobbler 's bench and my ears were ringing and my body felt unable to support the pressure she 's under the haystack of all the accusations .
i called through my drenched , mittened hands as toby chased will , who was chasing quinn up and down the meadow .
old field post road is nothing but fencing , meadows , and the picturesque barns that are photographed for coffee - table books .
at least a dozen kids are involved in a frisbee game in the shaggy meadow out back .
wild how crowded the place had become - transformed to unrecognizable , like when greenwich holds its graduation party in south meadow .
the sight of them thawed some of his fear and awoke a longing for home - meadows to wander , creeks to swim in , groves to explore .
he had occasionally seen farmland beyond the town boundaries , but nothing like this - not big hills , not woods , not wild meadows .
the amayans led them to a village in a meadow not far off .
barlow now rested below the surface of a lovely meadow , wrapped in tarik 's cloak .
as they dashed through the archway , the meadow came fully into view .
after a few more jumps , cole saw jace stop at the edge of a meadow .
as he edged forward , he looked out to the meadow and caught his first sight of carnag .
though the meadow was large , the giant was only three or four steps away .
not long after daybreak , with his inner thighs raw from rubbing against wet denim all night , jason reached a clearing where the footpath vanished into the deep grass of a meadow .
following the perimeter of the meadow , jason hopped a narrow stream , disturbing a lynx .
he knelt down behind a thorny bush , just beyond the edge of the meadow , and gazed back across the clearing .
as the day progressed , they rode across low , wild hills and skirted numerous valleys and meadows , never proceeding with any haste .
ferrin kept scanning the side of the road , occasionally wandering some distance into a meadow or stand of trees to retrieve a stick .
she 'd guided him by the giant chain - as if it would do anything to stop him from taking off - up a sharp incline , and then onto the meadow atop a plateau .
` ` eat it , '' she said , shaking the freezing meat at abraxos , who was now lying on his belly in the meadow , huffing at the first grasses and flowers to poke through the melting ice .
legs dangling off a cliff edge , manon sat on a plateau atop a peak in the ruhnns , abraxos sprawled at her side , smelling the night - blooming flowers on the spring meadow .
ellie stood in a thicket of brown meadow grass so high it brushed the girl 's waist .
deer laid down trails , taking the same path to and from streams and meadows .
he sang , the bird that flies across the fields eats the seeds of the meadow grasses the seed that falls from the beak yields more than the meadow 's losses .
he sang , the bird that flies across the fields eats the seeds of the meadow grasses the seed that falls from the beak yields more than the meadow 's losses .
i have seen his battle skills here in this meadow this afternoon and we already know that he can defend himself against a dragon .
we rounded the edge of thick greenery and spilled out into an open meadow .
` ` yes , '' i answered her and my voice carried across the open meadow , clear and loud .
the entire meadow grew eerily silent and hecate opened her eyes .
the meadow was silent , the air charged with what had just transpired .
murmurings of assent filled the meadow .
there were meadows hither and thither , and rising crags , and an island - dotted river , but mostly dreamdark from the sky was a tapestry of treetops , as inscrutable as an ocean .
above them meadows sloped up to a forest and the forest rolled on from there , on and on in the moonlight until in the distance it met a line of white mountains .
with snoshti , magpie left the meadows behind and approached the edge of a cliff .
the trails are wider and smoother and there s a nice meadow we can canter through .
it smelled like nothing in particular but everything in general : grandmas garden , moms perfume , dads cologne , apple pie , fresh cookies , flowers , the meadow , cinnamon pancakes .
a small creek was flowing across the meadow to give them an opportunity to freshen up in the morning and the soft mossy ground promised a comfortable resting place .
jack and joe jack observed them climb back into the metal bird and hoppedihop across the meadow before taking to the air into the stormy clouds .
the vast parking lot had been reclaimed by the neighboring meadows and a small herd of goats feasted on the hearty green between broken patches of concrete .
hills and valleys were painted with new , bright green foliage , and meadows and slopes proudly displayed a multitude of brilliant wildflower colors and shapes .
his eyes grew wider and wider as they approached the festival meadow .
it took him the better part of an hour to cross the meadow to his designated place at the head of the table .
it got dark early and more torches were placed alongside the perimeter of the meadow to cast an eerie light onto the scene .
glistering dew nourished meadows and flowers to a supple light green , sprinkled with bright dots of yellow , white , red and blue .
the old service station , at the big meadow up the river , wilbur jumped to his feet as well , ill show you .
the afternoon sun was slowly descending to the west when a crowd of people followed a small airplane , painted in otherworldly looking fiery feathers , that was carefully pulled by a handful of volunteers onto the meadow behind the service station just outside of flugerton .
lilly ann stood with her brother at the side of the meadow and waved at taylor as he climbed into the cockpit for the third time that day .
topsy reckoned that it would then take him about 10 minutes to ease the rear fence out of the way , using a chain saw , and then it was out into a meadow that was straight out of the sound of music , then perhaps we could airlift it out he suggested .
early wednesday morning a large helicopter wheezed its way up the mountain and deposited james , teddy and i ignominiously in the meadow , it was at the limit of its performance so how on earth was the lift ever going to take place later on ?
a sno - cat then towed her along the tracking and an hour ahead of schedule my beautiful new toy sat quietly in the middle of the meadow awaiting julie andrews ; ( sorry i just could nt resist that ) her ride out of there .
as they neared the moose , they came to a meadow that extended from the trees at the bottom of a hill to the marsh grasses at the edge of the lake where the moose were still feeding .
a small stream meandered its way through the middle of the meadow .
he turned to look at sharianna as a mother moose with two babies enter the meadow only a few yards away .
a small stream flowed close by and they could see the water and hear its soothing sound as it tumbled over the rocks toward the meadow that they had so hastily retreated from .
there was white frost on the meadows , and the tracks of vehicles left dark lines across the streets until the sun took the frost away .
a minute later the green mamba stopped beneath a great big pin oak that stood majestically in the middle of the meadow .
down this game trail about a hundred yards there s a small meadow , replied charlie .
while the fire chief called for the helicopter on his radio and the other rescue workers secured mrs . ellsberg into a sled , we raced down to the meadow with our brush clearing gear .
he glanced back at the cottage that stood at the edge of the meadow where he was gathering berries .
he saw his mother looking for him , her hand shading her eyes as she scanned the meadow .
the sound of crashing trees in the forest behind his home swept across the meadow .
a single , hungry eye bored into his as the creature stood towering over the meadow .
something glinting in the sun at the edge of the meadow caught his eye .
he noted that the huge footsteps stopped , then turned back into the meadow .
maybe the boy had picked red berries in the meadow and escaped into the woods .
he could feel the beautiful coral reefs and wondrous meadows of sea kelps that lined the shallow waters .
cirile walked along the lane carrying a basket of herbs that she had gathered from the meadow higher up on the mountain .
on the outskirts , he found a small meadow , which bordered both the forest and the road .
gwaum turned and looked at the village that lay beyond the meadow .
rock outcroppings studded the meadow .
gwaum returned to the meadow .
there are meadows near , which bear signs of once having been cultivated .
they raised their vegetable and grains on scattered plots in the hills and hidden meadows .
so here they had come , and built a stone cottage in the meadow below the rock so , she could be near the resting place of her lover and friend .
it comes to him that he has assumed that his destination would be something recognizable , such as an abandoned building , dock or a meadow .
joe centers himself in the meadow before he tromps down the grasses to make a campsite .
joe gently touches the surface of his thighs , but hesitates to do more because of the fear that the slightest movement might cause them to lock up in a cramp that will leave him thrashing on the meadow .
joe crosses through a meadow of knee - high grasses a hundred meters wide .
as he progresses , the land rises and , as it had before when he came across the meadow , the brush thins and the trees seem to grow taller .
joes first thought is that it is another meadow , but a second look tells him that , although there are patches of tall weeds , there also are irregular plats of land which appear to be planted with spring crops .
the two man - horses trot off to the far side of the meadow and disappear into the woods .
he creeps to its front edge expecting to witness some surreal bucolic scene of centaurs tending their crops , but the open space of interlaced meadow and gardens is empty .
we mostly kept to ourselves , but by 0200 on the third day , i tried to purge all thoughts plaguing my mind when we launched the operation by crawling our way through the low grass of the meadow toward the camp , back in sniper - mode .
there s something funny about this meadow , dr . hague said .
we went over it , gingerly , and slowly made our way across the meadow .
she found herself thinking of the open groves and sun - dappled meadows of the tauran , of the bluff cheer of her father 's steep - thatched , diamond - paned house , of the fat cows browsing through the deep lush grass , and the hearty fellowship of the brawny , bare - armed plowmen and herdsmen .
the three vans drove on main and side roads for over an hour before entering a walled property , then cut off its main drive to follow a muddy track for a few hundred yards , coming to a modern barn on the edge of a wet meadow .
working on the soft meadow , no sooner were the feet in place than adding trusses or guides would cause one or two of them to sink or slip , necessitating re - bolting and re - alignment of components .
zanas came into a meadow and came to a halt , scanning her surroundings .
he found a nice sized tree in the meadow , crested upon a hill , and he leaned back against its trunk for support .
suddenly the scene changed , like we had teleported and around us was a green meadow with a solitary tree ahead .
it is believed to be a spacious longhouse in a mountain meadow within the broader realm of heaven .
a handful of wide pines were in the distance of the meadow .
there was a whistle from the distance and saida turned to find her mother crossing the meadow .
it was hard when he saw a butterfly struggle through the dust of the crumbling buildings and remembered her standing in the meadow the week they met , laughing among hundreds of them .
she did nt let his wariness affect her , keeping her tone light and strolling as if she were in a sunlit meadow .
the trees thinned and disappeared toward the center of the valley , where a meadow crept all the way to the other side .
beaming , elaina took off across the meadow , her laughter chasing itself off the mountainsides .
tiny gold lights flickered all around the meadow among the white birches .
no doubt every last person in the camp would know what happened here today and know that elaina had walked to her own torture like a girl walking through a meadow .
when he arrived back at the meadow of the homestead he stopped and looked up at the open morning sky , another sunny day he said out loud and walked purposefully toward the farm with a big , new smile .
goddess of love , god of volcanoes , of meadows , of mountains , fertility .
in may 1754 this washington was a lieutenant in charge of a british force in an area called great meadows ; his superior officer was indisposed .
the great meadow that stretched from the edge of the forest to the glistening walls and towers of camelot some quarter of a mile away was alive with folk , standing in groups or strolling between the many gaily - coloured tents pitched all around .
over by the rows of raised benches that had been set up at the end of the meadow , three men in scarlet and yellow tunics blew on long trumpets .
before anyone could try to stop him or give chase , he was galloping across the meadow , back to the shelter of the forest .
sang broderic , as he rode his brown yearling , river , out of the shelter of the trees and onto the wide meadow by the walls of camelot .
they reined in their horses and gazed out across the bright meadow that lay before them , spangled with purple and yellow flowers and splashed a vibrant red where the occasional poppy blew in the warm breeze .
darins shout rang out across the meadow and echoed from the walls of camelot .
as he was bringing them back , he caught sight of his sister hurrying across the meadow in their direction ; she was wearing a pale green gown over a yellow kirtle and her hair was ablaze in the rich autumn sunlight .
the winding path leading through the hollowed trunks and thick foliage is revealed as if the answer should have been obvious , and finally , ganondorf emerges into the sacred meadow the kokiri now call home .
the pillar spread its fragrance and the palace smelled like a summers meadow .
she thought the sweet smell of meadows was her husbands divine smell .
it did smell like a summers meadow , filled with wild flowers from far away .
after mercedes tears of grief turn into tears of joy , the reunited couple arrives at a lush meadow , where ali has ridden ahead and laid out a delicious picnic .
the meadow is beautified with cuckoopints of yellow - green spathe covered by arrow - shaped leaves , punctuated by tiny purple flowers .
andersons a psycho and meadows is a bit well , you know .
no , no , mrs meadows .
you should be grateful you have one at all , timothy meadows !
thanks mrs meadows .
mr meadows was still peering at the computer screen .
mr meadows asked .
he drew a rough diagram of the dashes and dots that were on the talisman and showed them to mr meadows .
asked mr meadows .
mr meadows scratched his chin like he always did when he was thinking .
slipping quietly out the back door , he walked out through the meadows back garden , which was a sprawling affair casually filled with a massive variety of flowers and trees .
on the back of the meadows property was a river .
walking back into the kitchen , andy found mr meadows already dressed for work .
mrs meadows was still in her dressing gown .
sorry mrs meadows , he said .
anderson and meadows .
anderson and meadows , i ve warned you once already and i wo nt do it again .
on the contrary , mr meadows , he said .
they walked around the corner from the main gate and kim meadows was there in her old vw beetle window down , singing loudly to the radio .
good , said mrs meadows .
mrs meadows made them cut firewood , do chores and have a shower until mr meadows arrived home with the fish and chips .
mrs meadows made them cut firewood , do chores and have a shower until mr meadows arrived home with the fish and chips .
carl meadows looked over the top of his paper and spoke to the boys .
as the where heading to sunshine with the car , the landscape started to grow in forests , meadows which could steal your eyes , a lot of flower greenhouses and of course that the pya mountains did nt left them , being the rocky mountains and sparsely wooded , which was stretching on all the east side of the island .
huge expanses of fields , meadows and vineyards were replaced with mountains .
no sooner had the thought entered their heads than a whole meadow with the most wonderfully scented and mouth - watering berry bushes and nut trees opened up before them .
the meadow that was the valleys floor exploded with flowers , more than shed ever seen in one place .
a bit later he looked in all directions and even scented the air before speaking , even though they were alone in the featureless meadow .
i think that s how a meadow would look if it got lots of rain and very little sunshine , she said .
one of the things that cheered conway was the sight of vast meadows below .
the flood plain on their side was scoured flat , a lush meadow .
to his left , outside the heavier ironbound door , lay the highland meadow that surrounded the building .
and there , in the meadow , were the three billy goats gruff .
eryk slowed to avoid startling their prey as the forest they d been riding through ended abruptly , the trail opening into a lovely meadow .
the early afternoon sun was coming from behind the woods , leaving the edge of the meadow in shadow , and it was here that the two of them settled down to eat their midday meal .
halfway down the trail to hell , in a shady meadow green are the souls of all dead troopers camped , near a good old - time canteen .
lucifer sang a tune that followed the rhythm of his playing style : halfway down the trail to hell , in a shady meadow green are the souls of all dead troopers camped , near a good old - time canteen .
halfway down the trail to hell , in a shady meadow green .. scarborough and napoleon danced to the fiddles music as avery played joyously over and over again the classic sailors tunes .
shed seen scrawny cows and metal deer , and a meadow of silver pots that look like an alien invasion .
rabbits on the meadows halted , alarmed by their presence .
great sandstone shoulders protruding out of green meadow and stately live oak rimmed the skyline in the distance .
they rested again , then walked inland and found a meadow of salt grass .
they circled a large lagoon and paused at the edge of a meadow where a huge bear , its silver - tipped humpback to them , rocked on all fours , feeding on the naked carcass of a bullocka bullock probably spiked by a vaquero , skinned , and left for the scavengers .
hawk exhibited his respect , reining away to give the bear a wide berth , clint watched in awe as the humpbacked bear tore huge chunks of meat from the animal and devoured them with grumbling roars that reverberated across the meadow and shook clints spine .
a herd of horses stood in knee - deep lush green grass in a meadow between the house and the sea , and huge mottled sycamores lined the meadow and framed the pastoral scene .
a herd of horses stood in knee - deep lush green grass in a meadow between the house and the sea , and huge mottled sycamores lined the meadow and framed the pastoral scene .
the sudden blaring of several trumpets , their harsh cries rebounding across the meadow , drowned his voice out .
across the clearing a band of riders wearing white tunics broke from the tree line and urged their horses across the grassy meadow at full gallop .
around them the white tents of the royal guard dotted the clearing , and sentries patrolled the perimeter of the meadow .
groups of soldiers were gathered about the fires , in fours and fives , while mounted men patrolled the edges of the meadow .
i wandered through the meadow outside our home and on through the woods .
i m coming after you i emerged from the woods , from the heavy strangle of trees , into the meadow outside grandmere maries cottage .
i did nt mind the moist chill on my shoulders , if it meant being free to roam outside , beyond our meadow , even for a little while .
over the last year , crimson and i spent so much time riding about the tiny meadow in front of our cottage , i felt as though we could read each others minds .
just to the other end of the meadow ?
to chase valiant through the meadow for several minutes before i started breathing heavily .
as we broke through the trees to enter our meadow , valiant barked from his place beside the sheep pen and came running to meet us .
suzette giggled , dodging this way and that through the meadow .
i trotted like a horse , running in small circles around the meadow , while pierre ruffled valiants fur .
but we can run twice around the meadow if you want .
pierre dug his hands in his pockets and resumed our aimless stroll through the meadow .
a breeze from our meadow carried the stench of drying blood .
playing among the white daffodils in our meadow , running from me and laughing , her golden hair streaming in the biting wind .
they went through another gate to the south into a meadow , covered with melting snow with tufts of red grass , peeking through .
the hillsides were covered with the deep green of pine trees , and the valleys the lush green meadows .
chapter 14 people drifted into the meadow throughout the afternoon .
everyone from the main lodge had finally joined the crowd in the meadow .
torrents of light assaulted the crowd from the sides of the meadow .
looking over the crest he noticed that at the base of the hill lay a grassy area with trees surrounding a small meadow .
in the meadow stood ten armed men wearing dark , shabby clothing and had the look of ill intent from the way they moved .
instead of a busy road twinkling with lights there lay only another pretty meadow filled with sunshine and inquisitive deer .
tiny trees grew round the sides , spreading funny shapes across the meadow .
as the tall trees thinned they flew across moonlit meadows many miles away , where their speed increased .
her dreams were pleasant when she first set out in life and played hide in meadows with friends .
low buzzing noises grew far down the meadow , where lush grass brushed ancient forest .
ghostly streams of energy flash through the meadows , shooting past homes , renewing the countryside and dancing gracefully amongst the trees .
so we swept onwards , slipping silently across darkened mystical meadows overflowing with strange glowing flowers , queerly shaped roots and intoxicating odours .
behind me a gentle waterfall of lightly hued spray fell off the tip of a steep ledge , fed from luscious green meadows high above .
deep orange fingers dove down to play amongst golden meadows .
their excited calls told all to spread the incredible news - winter had come to pine meadows at last !
hanging from heavily decorated rafters right down to the floor swung a massive white sheet declaring : all at pine meadows wish the three js the happiest of birthdays and an even happier retirement !
i inhaled deeply , receiving a sense of endless meadows , towering peaks and gay abandon revelling in the joy of life and nature itself .
the hour touched three am and a brilliant yellow moon still hung high over the misty dew dressed meadows .
edward , sometimes when the full moon hung high in the heavens and a faint shooting star trailed across our endless sky , i d wake breathlessly from a wild dream , a faint flutter in my heart , imagining owls hooting in the trees was the misguided young fellow messing around with vegetables in the garden , or allow myself some comfort for a mere minute or two that noises in the misty meadow yonder were tiny little footsteps picking up the scent of catnip in an inexplicable effort to attract all cats in the area .
so looking forward to seeing you lovebirds in pine meadows !
the enormous prison sat in a meadow encircled with oil rigs .
opposing sides face off each group stands before the other as they meet across a lush , green meadow .
deiter nodded to the sergeant and they followed the soldier down the alley and around a corner where the teams medic was trying to tend to some scruffy street rat who was curled up in a corner , muttering to himself and shaking like a terrified meadow mouse .
a river ran through the centre of this landscape , gently meandering past natural pastures and meadows where wildflowers grew in abundance , adding bright colour in splashes to the thousand shades of green .
the other proven fact was the existence of an oak tree in the meadow on the lower slopes of the hill since around the turn of the first millennium .
the colonel had known since he was a child that his distant ancestor had planted a tree in the meadow the year he had settled there and the tests merely confirmed this fact for him .
there was to be a thousand year celebratory fete and concert in the meadow later this year as the year 1001 , the arrival of the danes in the south of england , was deemed to be as good as any for the birth date of the tree .
i smell like a spring meadow , this shower crme is amazing , bell said happily .
edwin was surprised to see the grounds on either side resembled a wild meadow , with straggly weeds and knotted briars sprouting everywhere .
a meadow sloped gently down to a river in the distance .
margaret sat up and looked out over the meadow .
i dreamt i was walking , more shuffling , through open wild meadows .
we actually live in the meadow right over there , but the surrounding woods are home to us as well .
where is the meadow ?
please , just call me diamond , she led the youngsters toward the meadow .
he suddenly found himself standing in a meadow ; it was nt there a minute ago , and now it was .
dense woods surrounded the meadow .
small shrubbery and wild flowers made way , opening a path through the meadow .
we respect one another , and share the woods , meadow , and river that is elysi and all its bounties .
funny how you have to go beyond the meadow to find a friend huh , oraden ?
too scared to ever leave the meadow .
ramah lead them away from the meadow .
tahir could definitely see the differences between the unicorns in the meadow and oradens father .
within minutes of setting foot in the meadow , he could see all there is to see here .
but its easy to stay away from him because he never leaves the meadow .
he looked around to see the meadow alive with activity .
out there you will not be under the protection of the meadow , but it is no more dangerous than any other place .
i m sure i do nt have to tell you not to eat any of the creatures within the meadow , right ?
yes , the woods surrounding the meadow are still considered elysi , oraden answered .
the two companions walked in silence back toward the meadow .
they played tag for a while and then raced back to the meadow .
although oraden promised more than once , they had nt returned to rhykell to visit the sprites ; instead they spent their time in the meadow , the surrounding woods , and by the stream .
roddy , on the other hand , was always easy to find ; she never left the meadow .
why are nt you in the meadow ?
i thought you stayed in the meadow .
if i get lost , can you show me the way back to the meadow ?
i was kind of thinking that i should build my house in the meadow , tahir said .
as soon as you are ready , tahir , go and pick the tree you like best in the meadow , sudlin said with finality .
tomorrow they would head back to the meadow to determine the perfect tree for his house .
he became familiar with all the forests , meadows , creeks and valleys that made elysi .
meelix , sudlin , bennie and figg escorted tahir to the meadow .
they cheerfully reviewed the days events as they hiked their way back to the meadow .
they scanned the meadow for oradens black silhouette amongst the auburn coats of the herd .
i can go swimming by the meadow .
you are more than welcome to go back to the meadow and graze with the other boring unicorns .
there are some nice - sized shoots on the other side of the meadow .
tahir wondered if roddy would keep her promise and return quietly to the meadow .
he returned to the meadow with oraden to bring more stock while roddy remained in rhykell and tried to be as useful .
* * * * * back in elysi , lugg , caan and roddy searched the meadow for diamond .
he is the black unicorn ; he is called to a destiny bigger than grazing in a meadow .
if oraden would just stay within the safety of the elysi , he would never need to know , but he and tahir would nt stay in the meadow .
the entire oasis was theirs to explore ; the valley , the beautiful meadow , rykell , the long and winding river and the surrounding forests and woodlands ; a vast and wondrous place , unlike any other , protected by so many watchful entities that most would never want to leave .
we were kept tied up in cages , never feeling sunlight , never grazing in a meadow .
from that night on , i dreamed of running in meadows again , with my son and his father .
the sun would soon rise in the meadow .
oraden explained , via tahirs interpretation that bounty would be safe in the meadow , free to roam .
the three continued on through the paradise of elysi toward the meadow .
tahir walked gavin around the meadow , introducing him to the unicorns .
and there is a meadow full of them , and many other creatures .
he became acquainted with the small creatures in the forest and meadows , assuring them he was a friend and meant no harm .
he followed them into the woods that separated rhykell from the meadow .
coming around a bend in the road he could see where the trees gave way to a large sun - lit meadow .
when they broke out into the meadow from the cooler creek bottom , the warm noon sun met them .
mia could almost feel the green meadows of poland and ukraine and feel the wind on her face , the wind that brought her news about the outcome of battles and complicated fates of the main heroes .
i captured myself standing on a green meadow and looking at a gorge between snow - capped mountains .
it was a mixture of herbs and it was as well a memory of meadows in the summer .
there are still unknown rugged tracks between some of the high passes and there are green valleys and flowering meadows .
he smelled the valleys and flowering meadows .
when we arrived serabi swallowed hard and closed her eyes in an attempt to blind out the picture of her sisters broken , crumpled body lying in the high grass of a meadow .
whereas ter , the earth kingdom in the west of quiliaris was a rural land with gentle hills and green meadows , iquis , the water kingdom in the east was rich of lakes and ponds and rivers .
flaxmead was flying with flushing meadow and celtic storm .
the trio pulled up next to burrows the farmer , he recognised them , ross hildebrand riding celtic storm , jessica flametower riding flushing meadow and tiny lindy cumberland on the monster flaxmead .
favourite royal ransom way back in the field as flaxmead continues to set a cracking pace , the field suffering several scratching prior to starters orders leaving gaps between the gates some taking advantage , royal ransom pulls to the outside shadowed by flushing meadow and celtic storm .
its still flaxmead , won - tolla , american sprinter el toro , nathaniel a previous winner of this event , midland stayer crossbow , celtic storm , flushing meadow , royal ransom boxed in by the australian and just as i mention it celtic storm draws clear and royal ransom comes off the rail and goes with her and at the mile flaxmead sets a new course record of , hang on , nearly three seconds that would explain the current ten lengths to won - tolla .
flaxmead continues to power on , now a good fifteen lengths clear of the of won - tolla pressed by malachi and sinead courtney moves into second place from won - tolla , nearing the two mile and royal ransom is pushing up flanked by the australian pair celtic storm and flushing meadow .
royal ransom pushing celtic storm and flushing meadow but the australians go with the brit champion , royal ransom pulls clear , past won - tolla , presses malachi into second place with four furlongs to go and we have a new two mile record by over three seconds set by flaxmead . ''
flushing meadow had been put to pasture at harpers own property and ridden on a regular basis by anna fields .
this was good , and he allowed his memory to find that long past night in the starlit meadow , the first time they ever lay together , the first time they ever his mind was in a very good place when the soft rap came again at the door .
he was just coming through the pasture gate and motioned from the edge of the field , waving them toward the meadow and the creek .
half a dozen soldiers stepped cautiously from the fringe of the woods , lances drawn , edging toward the meadow .
by the time the small family was running across the small meadow that would crest in front of their home , the soldiers had spied them and were chasing , beginning to catch up with them .
father lay prone , arms outstretched upon the meadows crest just before they reached the gate .
jerking his head in the direction of the forest , he started to cross the small , sloping meadow toward it .
he motioned to the distant meadow , the one with the small hillside and gate that led to the back pasture .
he once watched his father track a fawn across a dry pine - needle floor and pull the brush aside just enough for his son to see the yearling deer grazing thoughtfully across a small meadow .
it seemed the perfect , safe meadow to rest .
moira was swiftly overwhelmed with an unusual sensation , as though they were there kneeling in the meadow for a reason , as though the events about to unfold were already prearranged .
then , from the opposite edge of the meadow , three men appeared , riding into the clearing and across the small expanse , straight up to the women .
when she could take it no longer , she whispered into the darkness , nicolette , about what happened in the meadow .
it was then that he murmured beautiful things to her , reminded her of how lovely the little white flowers that covered the meadow by her house would be just about now .
yeorathe decided that a small meadow tucked in a thin stand of trees , just before they took to the ledge , would be a good place to take respite for a short while before moving on .
risen recognized the barb and looked up to try to pick his mercenary father out of the band of horsemen that thundered across the small meadow to their encampment .
great meadows ?
great meadows was a few miles north of here , a new york state maximum security prison .
mission : determine strength , activity , location of suspected anti- american forces in and around ny state correctional facility great meadows vicinity grid nf 4523 - 8734 3 .
glancing across the meadow , houston suddenly noticed a rider coming on fast .
they quickly to a small meadow , ready to start camp .
three in gullivans cowshed this is the deepest snow ever , spike said , as he and terri stepped over the stile at the edge of the meadow and into the field .
she saw the forest and the green meadow , and in the place not far , she saw the village .
oh , they went picnic to the hills over there with rove , said ricky , pointing at the green meadow across the river .
chapter 11 somewhat above the cave lana and ido had found a secret meadow hidden by bushes but which allowed a good view on one side .
an orange and black butterfly flitted by and caught the girls eyes and led them haphazardly across the meadow to disappear over the brow of the hill .
she had started calling it their garden , a word that was used to describe a fertile meadow full of growing edible things .
they found a meadow full of flowers and each picked a handful .
he found none ; but suddenly in the stinging bitterness of the smoke and in the distortion of his tears , he was transported across the plain into a meadow with a bison grazing nearby .
he pulled the girls along and soon they were past the last of the huts , then on the open meadow .
under the spreading branches of an ancient oak tree that dominated the meadow , the two delegations sat mustering each other .
shortly , the color of drying petals would glow crimson and gold in the meadows .
a meadow nestled within a forest of trees stretched before him .
the soft trickling melody of the stream as it crossed the meadow gave this place a surreal feel .
unsure what to do , he walked through the grass of the meadow toward the creature .
the forest surrounding the meadow appeared like any forest that might exist back on earth ; pine trees , birds singing in the distance , insects buzzing here and there ; normality .
you were on the 23rd floor of an office building , stepped through a door and then found yourself in the middle of this meadow talking with an odd looking little creature .
no hallucinations , unless this meadow and that creature could be considered as such .
opening them again , he found the meadow unchanged .
realizing that leaning against the log was nt going to improve his situation ; he finished the candy bar and then took a really good look around the clearing to determine by which direction he should leave the meadow .
en route across the meadow to the forests edge , he spied a sturdy branch lying upon the ground .
he did encounter one meadow that was rather extensive boasting two fair sized pools .
pleasant meadows , answered one woman .
we ran into people fleeing the fall of a town called pleasant meadows , he explained , though he left out the part he played in their escape .
at the mention of pleasant meadows , several of the men cursed and james could see anger and sadness appear on many faces .
if pleasant meadows is taken then they are most likely continuing up the road to the city .
as jack stumbled along beside his friend , not knowing what this was all about , just for a moment he thought he saw something , in a meadow beyond some masking trees .
they left bray wood and the signpost behind them , at mo 's direction heading north toward what was simply marked on the map as a mound , passing into an open meadow that ran side by side with many others , only separated by small hedges .
then glancing back , he saw a woman dressed all in white , walking through a meadow .
they crossed fields and meadows laden with flowers , passing through dense stands of oak and elm , as well as other trees that were unfamiliar to tom and jack .
there was definitely something mystical about them , a timeless power and despite his misgivings he found himself excited by the prospect of such a spectacle appearing suddenly within a field or meadow .
the badger began to pad away over a hillock and down toward a long meadow .
tom had somehow managed to escape from the house , discovering beyond an extended garden of flowers a small gateway in the outer wall that was thankfully unlocked , leading him out into the freedom of the surrounding meadows and woodland .
looking down at the far - off landscape below jack saw a meadow crowded with wild flowers , creating patterns of colour across the surface of the world .
` ` i was in a meadow and there were poppies everywhere .
he was within a vessel of light and they passed over a kingdom of crystal rivers and yellow meadows , the land singing with life .
behind the protective curtain baffled ethans mind again as what he first saw as a sprawling forest changed into a neat and orderly landscape of fields of lush grass where pegesai herds were either busy eating from the lush meadow or running around for sheer enjoyment .
they landed safely in a large grassy meadow rolled up their parachutes and hurried to the cover of some trees that bordered their landing zone .
the steady percussion of the rain on the roof and the violins of water rushing down and flowing over the sides then fading into the meadow below was absolute music .
his assistant , george meadows , stood forty yards away .
ill talk to your old coaching assistant , george meadows , about the pitching machine .
you come to a lush meadow surrounded by mature oaks .
through the forest screen fifty feet away , five coyotes appeared , dashed , and pranced into a meadow .
you want to go past billy goat rock , all the way to the bottom where the meadow lies .
the bottom and the meadow lay two hundred feet below .
he s walked this meadow .
` ` only now do i understand your loss , for this loss is mine as well , when storm and meadow passed , i should have come to you , only now do i grieve along side you , i was weak when you were strong . ''
there was silence for some time , the oak tress rustled in the gusty wind , the grass whistled with tune , flaxmead walked a few paces back and reared up , the cry of the banshee echoed across the meadows and the mighty horse thundered off .
he even played with them , throwing a ball around on the wide meadow beside the stream that passed by the camp .
the next afternoon the whole tribe collected on the meadow in eager expectation of the various contests .
chaiko came across a group of warriors in the meadow practicing spear - throws .
then without taking a single step he threw it across the meadow .
the path led them through some scrub bush , over open meadows , by copses of young trees scattered along the descending slope .
on a nearby meadow , black birds collected in countless numbers .
he scanned the meadow and the sky , and found no sign of another dragon .
soft meadow grass gave way to hard soil that was thin over rocks .
the grassy meadow beyond sloped away toward the river .
dogtrot plantation sits upon 2,800 acres of forest woodlands , cotton fields , green meadows , and red clay with its own famous mountain bluff since 1643 male : tall , red hair , freckles , pink skin , obese , smiles .
so at the slow turn we jump and roll to your left into the flat meadow .
effie jumps then rolls onto the flat meadow , watching ezzard and sondra escape .
a hundred other blooms that i did nt know yet were sprinkled all over these sun - lit meadows i would occasionally cross in between the woods , and sometimes further up where the trees did nt grow .
then the wind blew across the meadow as i repacked my bag on the trail .
i smelled the huckleberry blossoms and sun - dried grass , and i could hear the wind in the distant trees and feel the sun warming my face , and i thought that it would be nice if alia came walking out of those trees , into the meadow .
and being in browning i could nt imagine what kind of strippers i d see inside this place ... as i meandered across the hot gravel parking lot towards the door , i pictured sky lake , the flowing meadows baking in the sun , waves of movement as wind brushed over them .
in short order the clan found the meadow and set about to make it as comfortable as possible for both groups .
a group of young men , all about twelve to fourteen , got tired of wrestling with one another on a grassy meadow by the lake .
he said it grew in the open meadows , has tiny , blue flowers and long thin leaves .
one , on the meadow by the lake , where we wrestle or play some other game .
there was a touch of dew on the grass and their feet soon got wet crossing the meadow , following the path along the lake shore .
he gave her another plate , showing a deer grazing in a meadow , again very real and detailed .
i fly over a meadow ahead of the running horses .
i hold two hands outward then slide off into the meadow .
here was another thing her mother could be grateful to jean louis for , after all , had nt he taught her how to ride his trials bikes around the woods and meadows of the chateau estate ?
paul was so absorbed in his own thoughts that he almost walked into the magur , who had stopped , looking down an incline across a meadow to dense woodland beyond .
she dreamt she was running through the meadows with furble .
seeing no one around , she marched across the dirt road and through a broken farm gate into a meadow .
below a demolished castle , in a beautiful meadow overlooking a valley , liz and billy watched william update his dead parents on the last dozen years .
i feel suddenly renewed : strong and alivelike a new bull in a fresh spring meadow .
i remember spouting some oration comparing them to cows in a meadow , and relegating their purpose in life , similarly .
she sat next to the large stone window of her apartment in the lemon fortress , closing her eyes every time the soft , warm breeze filled with the sweet smell of wildflowers blew up from the meadows below .
i could almost picture the big , old rock maple it had been harvested from , growing all alone in a hilly meadow , its branches sprawling unhindered , majestic in profile , scarred beneath its burls and knots and healed - over wounds from ancient lightning .
lots of fields and meadows .
he had obviously recovered from his attack and was back out in the open , zipping around the woods and meadows like a manic hummingbird .
i splashed through the swampy meadow .
shimmering within its depths came glimpses of other lands , living landscapes of forests and meadows and ponds .
unaware that they were being observed , the townspeople headed toward the meadow by sir nicklebys house to watch or participate in the militia tryouts , laughing and chatting with one another , trying to guess who might win the coveted spots and who might fall by the wayside .
and yep , there s sir nickleby , he said , spotting his old mentor crossing the meadow in the distance .
he raced off down the dirt road toward the meadow , glad to be let go , but then she called out to him , remember , ill be waiting !
he passed by iibala , sir nicklebys daughter , who appeared to be heading toward town instead of toward the meadow .
running past the crowd of people gathered at the edge of sir nicklebys property , he joined the boys at the other end of the meadow .
the meadow , one of sir nicklebys pastures , was where he and his classmates had trained for over four years , dodging piles of horse balnor as they dueled .
she heard someone coming from the direction of the meadow and thought that it was oaka , coming back to give her one last kiss before the big fight .
despite the fact that iibala might have known she was here in the bushes , she did not want basha to know , and so she quickly went over one of the stone walls and darted across the vacant fields to reach the meadow on the far side .
consider it done , sir nickleby said as he went back to the meadow .
sir nickleby turned and marched toward the far side of the meadow .
the dark forest could nt be in maybe a beautiful meadow ?
we should head down to the dip in that grass hill , he pointed below them , his arm shaking a little from the usually simple strain of such a move , the grass is taller there and there are some oaks and birches dotted through the meadow .
he gave echo an encouraging pat on the shoulder and turned with finear to converse with some meadow fae .
a meadow fairy in miniature size zipped toward dorian , transformed to human size , and spoke with quick breaths .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * the leaves on the trees had been kissed by gold as keebo and echo walked along a deer trail through a meadow .
beyond a low , wire fence , a snow - white crane stood in a meadow of densely packed weeds and wildflowers swaying in the breeze .
white cranes like the one i saw in the meadow when we first passed the nature preserve rested in the trees .
over fields and meadows , into the clouds .
after a few minutes , the trail leveled off somewhat but maintained an uphill angle that wove through trees and small patches of meadows .
the scent made him think of high mountain meadows in springtime and he relaxed with a long sigh .
it was less direct but it would still take them to the meadow where most of the herbs they needed grew .
once tyhreb was comfortable , lozan was able to get urthaj to his feet and they ran around the meadow like rabbits , grabbing all the herbs they could and went back to the citadel .
devlin thought that the little meadow would serve his needs for the time being .
` ` you visit this meadow often ?
beyond the meadow was a dense forest .
it began with a slow walk across the grassy meadow in the drizzle .
the other wolves awoke and blinked in the morning sun that warmed the meadow outside their den .
sickened , he ran across the meadow and collapsed against a pine tree .
open meadows carved by several dirt trails surrounded the stone walls .
out on the meadows surrounding the castle two boys were toting out wicker frames with ragged canvas targets stretched over them .
thal ran across the meadow toward the craggy hills overlooking the vale .
the dogs soon picked up the trail where thal had come and gone across the meadow .
their eyes met and she gaped at him as if she had blundered across a satyr in a meadow .
while he lingered in the fragrant countryside the woodland chatter and the whispering breeze through the meadow flowers had soothed his grief .
her fair face and golden braids reflected the hot sun as divinely as a meadow in full bloom .
at the edge of an outlying meadow he found a place to watch the trail he had broken to the spring .
when the rider appeared across the meadow , thal was surprised by his appearance .
from his vantage point he spotted two riders coming across a meadow .
they were in the meadow that nolan had envisioned , but nolan saw right away the cause for wrens fear .
finally , the weeping forest gave way to a meadow , tall grasses that reached just past ians thighs gently blowing in the wind .
just beyond the meadow was a small lake , water clear and clean , a welcomed sight from the gloom of the trees that leaked pus .
crimson from above and violet from the ground reflected in the lake , sending shimmering dots of light across the meadow .
he did nt see how a meadow with a clean lake and soft colors could actually be a cesspool of evil , but he would nt argue .
focusing on the man who rushes across a meadow , jadrun transports .
~ ! ~ maru angles low across the meadow .
trella strides a ways into the meadow and shakes excess water off her lithe form .
trella settles to the soft grass of the meadow , unsure what to say to or do about this young female .
~ ! ~ trella glances up as natal lands in the meadow beside the pond .
elish staggers a bit as they appear in a rolling meadow .
he has time for one more hunting trip before he needs to report to the meadow .
we flew them for hours in the meadow behind our cabin .
she and the green dragon settle near a pond in a small meadow adjacent to the town .
the meadow she and kilita settled in is adjacent to an orchard of yarin trees ; their twisted branches reach naked into the azure - blue sky .
aura lifts from the small meadow with quick wing strokes , a bit irritated she had not thought of that herself .
aura turns her flight back to the small meadow where she left kilita .
the breeze in the meadow is chilly and he gathers his cloak closer about himself .
geramn motions for the next youth to take a seat on the brown grass of the meadow and lowers himself to sit cross - legged in front of the young man .
beneath him , falcop soars across the small meadow at the rear of kitloch caverns .
he sends a silent prayer to the lady for guidance as the black and the blue dragons settle on the crisp grass of the meadow .
geramn waves his thanks and starts across the meadow to the road leading back to the cavern .
a meadow .
to the meadow ?
the colour reminded andre of a meadow pond in spring , shot through with sunlight .
but the children were warmly covered , their faces clean , their flaxen hair combed and dressed with small white meadow flowers .
they buried them in the soft meadow beside their lowly home , side by side , the children with their poppets , the baby between his mother and father .
as they strolled through the well swept streets , a curly haired girl broke away from her mother and bounded up , holding in her chubby hand a posy of meadow flowers , which she solemnly offered to christian .
a prayer by a meadow pond was just as holy .
there was a wide open meadow near the villa that we practiced in some of the time .
alex crept on through the trees and into the meadow .
i found a way through the cliffs to a forest and a meadow beyond . ''
he did n't see me , but i saw that he carried a box containing something he obtained in that meadow , i assume . ''
` ` what was in the meadow ?
inside the meadow , i saw another gazebo , one that greatly resembled the one at the estate , at least the one before it was torn down . ''
i saw a path on the other side of the meadow , one leading away from the gazebo and up the mountainside .
she skirted the meadow and the gazebo , working her way through the dense forest to the far side and stepped out onto the path leading up the mountain that she 'd seen before .
she turned to look back over the meadow .
he asked as he looked about the beautiful meadow .
the awful agencies had extirpated pastures and meadows and dried up the very springs of fertility in the earth where they had touched it .
where fertile meadows had rolled , forests reared up , growing into dank jungles .
i said , larwinckle be ready for ye , the unnamed gnome repeated more clearly and then waddled away along a scarcely perceptible path that was worn into the grassy meadow .
cautiously we pushed our way through the hedge , which was composed of shrubs as large as small trees , and very thick at the bottom , and , having traversed it , found ourselves in a great meadow - like expanse which might have been a lawn .
now thorolf and ulfar had a meadow in common upon the neck , and either of them at first mowed much hay , and then they spread it , and raked it up into big cocks .
there was even a subspecies of the draught beast that grazed the vast meadows of the island which was found both in domestic and wild forms , the former provided a source of meat and hides while the latter was a favorite of hunters , both peasant and noble alike .
kipril tethered the beast near the wooded edge of a meadow where it could hunt for mice , insects , and small birds amongst the brush .
they emerged on the far side of the little wood and found a sea drake squatting in the meadow , ready to leap into the air .
they set down in a great meadow as kaza said , that little trick will be very helpful to our quest .
kaza set down in a wide meadow on a shoulder of one of the nearest peaks , his companions dismounted , and they all drank in the splendor about them .
three of the wonderful creatures had landed in the meadow and galloped swiftly over to investigate whom these intruders might be .
all the hopes of men : the rolling hills spread out before him as a blanket carelessly tossed upon the floor , colorful blocks of autumn oak and maple interspersed with harvest fields and meadows golden in the setting sun .
the world resolved itself into a mountainous country of forest , meadow , and rushing rivers .
suddenly cried jack , as he pointed to two figures some distance off in the meadows , who appeared to be angrily conversing .
we chose our house with the greatest care , seizing at last on a rather run - down cottage near the end of pond street ; five numbers from the closest neighbour , and separated from the local potters field by only a stretch of meadow land , bisected by a narrow neck of the rather dense forest which lies to the north .
there was bright moonlight over the snowless landscape , but we dressed the thing and carried it home between us through the deserted streets and meadows , as we had carried a similar thing one horrible night in arkham .
so as the hour grew dangerously near to dawn , we did as we had done with the othersdragged the thing across the meadows to the neck of the woods near the potters field , and buried it there in the best sort of grave the frozen ground would furnish .
they crouched low and ran across the meadow .
the meadow offered no protection against the winds forceful onslaught .
they climbed through a hole he dug under the high fence and rushed across the same meadow she and samantha passed through .
mike touched down in the small meadow where they faced the demon that possessed cody .
mike walked slowly across the meadow until he reached the edge of the ravine at the far end .
the view outside the window was of a lovely sun drenched meadow , with long lush grass .
she stared in wonder at the sun - filled meadow and the animal shaped bushes .
when trak asked where she went , she would say , to my childhood home and to the meadow where my ancestors rest in their tombs .
as they leave the escarpment the dense deciduous forests give way to open meadows and scattered farmsteads .
trak follows krage as he leaves the hill and walks toward a small meadow covered in a sea of blooming orange marshmallows and fluffy - white meadowsweets .
trak can see no trace of the mounds that must have once dotted the meadow .
the news of the successful crossing pleases king red , and he orders the entire army to cross the river and camp in the meadow on the other side .
from the dark shade of the forest trak gazes on the meadow as it becomes sunlit .
as the goblins dissolve into the forest , king reds army appears unwilling to follow them and surrender the advantage their horses give them in the open meadow .
the goblin king and his entourage , trak included , are trapped between the attack from the rear and the men in the meadow .
trak turns his attention back to the meadow .
krage glances at trak and says , give him a strong dose of meadow wart to ease his passing and move to the next soldier .
cover the burns with an astringent made from meadow wart .
lord lizardthroat hides twenty bolters in the dense thicket before advancing into the meadow .
melkerei walks into the meadow trailed by two squads of his elite guard and the porters bearing the queens litter .
as the king dismounts and walks toward him accompanied by several nobles , melkerei catches glimpses of mounted warriors circling the edges of the meadow .
her eyes looked over the nobles who accompanied king red to the meadow .
it explodes above the meadow and sends a shower of sparks falling on the assembled .
everyone in the meadow and in the surrounding trees hears the gently spoken words as if transmitted directly to their consciousness without the need for sound .
the anger that engulfed melkerei a moment before recedes ; he turns and leads his guard from the meadow .
trak is left standing in the meadow .
after the two pause for a moment in the empty meadow , lord ran speaks up , are you coming ?
many who are not in the meadow also hear the words .
ran expected traks enthusiasm for the iron works to be diminished by his experiences in the meadow ; but surprisingly , trak immersed himself in the construction of the kilns .
perhaps , in a few months you and king red can meet on the border and in a sunlit meadow sign a parchment to make it official .
i ' m sergeant meadows .
right , right , meadows said .
they followed meadows on horse as he led them to larger tents in the middle of the encampment .
the men will take your horses , meadows said , motioning for them to dismount .
my team , north , meadows said .
put meadows 's work to downright shame .
it did n't seem to bother the guerrillas , certainly not bjorn , or meadows , or sanderson , or drake , and gideon remained as stoic as he could .
oh , soon enough , meadows said , lowering his hood , revealing his mustache and stubble in the dim moonlight .
been running these type of covert operations for years , meadows said .
oh , well , not my place to question orders , meadows said .
no , gideon was glad meadows was here , and sanderson was well away .
they 're early , meadows cursed .
guess they 're late to the party , meadows said .
at once a silhouette of a man and a dog lifted up from the field of flowers , drifting like feathers across the meadow , as thousands of teeny tiny giggling voices could be heard all together , all leading the unsightly man - eaters far from the field .
the vines gradually began to break up athwart the floor , as stalagmites prickled the landscape , which gently rolled into a meadow of greenish moss , and ended at the shore .
finally the trees grew sparingly , opening up to a meadow , scattered with buildings , and ghosts were everywhere .
the world around them disappeared as they lay back in the soft meadow .
the horses enjoyed their ride in the muddy meadow , while silas pranced around like he was on a date .
instead of wandering , you 'll have to stay in one location , living simple lives on milk and honey from your herds and hives ; appreciating natural beauty of the woods and meadows , and the skies above ; and doing little kindnesses for one another , when there 's goodness to be done ; and every morning , on arising , say ' today i shall improve myself , some way . '
would an orchard set in an overgrown meadow be an appropriate area for you ?
they found a quiet meadow beside a crook in the stream .
the hut and the child after the bomb went off and my body was destroyed i appeared in a nice meadow .
this looked to be just as nice as the meadow at first .
i remembered the nice meadow i only saw for a second before being impaled and we hit the soft ground there .
it was just me and him in the calm meadow .
the meadow disappeared and i was on the moon .
with a stack of books taken from the library in her arms , ellie made her way towards a meadow adjacent to her new home .
for all of these reasons david was not all that excited when his brother , shammah , came riding across the meadows at full speed to beckon him home to his father 's house .
as the day passed on , saul and dirytica were both standing on the far side of a small meadow presently being used to spread out , and register , the booty being delivered from rabbah .
very slowly they made their way across the open meadow and began to near the place where saul , who had now stood up , was waiting .
the ground on top of the brow was filled with green meadow grass , and he was just considering sitting down for a moment when suddenly a very strange sight appeared before his eyes .
it was still early in the afternoon , and kezmin 's aunt was preparing them a meal so the two of them had decided to stroll across the lovely meadow to the brook that ran just beyond .
* * * * * * * * * * nathan had arisen early and was walking the lower meadows below his home in bethel in search of two lost sheep when the word of the lord came to him .
not exactly how i pictured my first time out of the house : i assumed i would run barefoot through a meadow , with the sun shining bright above , the warmth on my skin , bright colored flowers and green fields around me .
she had been transported , impossibly , to a picturesque meadow .
and with his words , the flowery meadow began to evaporate .
soon they found themselves trekking through a wild meadow , whilst up ahead , over a small rise , a line of trees now appeared .
from the meadow there was an obvious track leading into the woods and shortly after stepping on the rough pathway they were in a clearing where , sitting upon the ground on a cushion of moss and bracken , they were re - united with the maid a'veil , will and anyx .
one of those times , we had to go home early because i sprained my ankle walking across a flat meadow .
kakri squirmed in the center of the group noticing that they now surrounded her as meadow turned back to wood .
before they could fire their arrows at the person in the meadow , they were wrenched onto the ground and pulled back by the branches towards the darkness of the forest .
the screams from the forest echoed across the meadow , and into the town .
fence cried , running as fast as he could away from the town square and away from the forest , across the meadow , not exactly knowing where he was going or what he had just seen , but the first did not really matter to him , so long as he got away from here , and he could guess at the last .
fearing what he might see , or what might happen to him , if he went out into the meadow after them , he stayed in the alleyway , crying silently to himself .
calundra was graced by rolling hills and green meadows , fields and fells , and in them were trees of all kinds , but all of them were ordinary trees , planted by ordinary human hands .
the open meadows and blazing sun were alien to her , and the idea of approaching a human settlement made her skin crawl .
a creeping meadow vole .
then with quiet , intoned whisper that filled up the silent hall ; the tragic tale my mentor sang me i will now replay in full ; i had heard a lonely growling , just beyond the sacred shrine a far - off , doleful , plaintiff howling through the hills of knotted pine ; it all started on that evening when the full moon came to light ; a deep , resentful , soulful moaning echoed through the deepest night ; weeks went by , and still this howling filled the eerie countryside ; then i saw it in the meadow : a female werewolf in midstride .
everywhere i looked there were trees , trees , and more trees , with only the occasional meadow or stream to break the monotony .
a full moon had slowly risen , casting its soft beams into the meadows velvety shadows .
to my right , an open meadow stretched for miles under the starlight .
she glanced up sharply , but he ignored her surprise , pointing beyond them to the sprawling meadow beginning to awaken from a long nights sleep .
a taloned claw grasped her shoulder and ivy found in a warm meadow filled with flowers and stars that she 'd never seen before .
oriana walked through a long meadow surrounded by an inviting lore forest ; a number of the large trees greeted her as she passed .
as a large alpine meadow spread out below them the dragon slowly began to descend , dropping keira gently as it neared the ground .
chapter 10 the sun was high in the sky as they lay in the grass of the alpine meadow , talking quietly , his arms wrapped around her as she lay against his chest .
when she pulled back to draw in a breath , they were high above the ground , the meadow just a speck beneath them .
he carried on flying until they were far from the village , before descending over an open meadow .
on the opposite bank , an immaculate white horse stood in the meadow , drinking in delicate peace .
he searched the vibrant meadow , a careless world with bright flowers swaying and leaves touching each other like thoughtful lovers .
the sudden agony was a jolt that charged him with adrenaline and he was awakened from the illusion that the meadow was somehow free of pain .
he looked around and everything beyond the serene meadow was changing into swampland .
i told you , the demons surround us , she said , and he watched the replenished land reform a breathtaking meadow .
he walked through the meadow , believing that the fantasy would pull back to reveal a dark illusion underneath .
angels can not touch this world , he said , remembering sanziana and how he stood in the meadow on four legs , hooves sunk into thick moss while she wept .
mira looked around at them all like they were a few flies short of a meadow muffin .
people call me francois of the meadow and you have just stepped into territory that does not belong to you vile sir !
replied francois no one in this part of the forest will come under arm as long as i franois of the meadow is in charge !
i am francois of the meadows .
she headed across the gigantic meadow where she could really unleash the speed .
it is the story of what flowed from that day in the thessalian meadow , the events which came down through time to fall upon mortal men .
south , and the river scamander flows through a gorge that leads back to mount ida and the woods and meadows of the hills .
when she was very small he used to bring her flowers from the meadows , and shed accept them with grave solemnity , as though he was a suitor declaring his love .
the five men shuffled along in a line , trying not to step on the heels of the man in front , except for ajax who still walked as confidently as he would in a meadow at midday .
and then one evening i came upon a tactical plan mage - superior ceth had been drawing up for a battle in south meadows and worked out all the little flaws .
for the first several miles , the land spanning outward from the town and the soft mountains behind it was open , a long expanse of meadow with sparse collections of trees periodically interrupting the landscape .
she ran through the village and up the sloping meadows to where her sister eva was minding the herd .
my daughter is with some friends and my son took the horses to the meadow .
there were mountains and valleys with meadows , flowers , and fruit tress everywhere i could see .
we walked down a path under branches of willow trees to a meadow next to a pond and waterfall .
never so terrible a tale there was ; how the hills began to howl a grin was on the verdant slopes , yet on the sky a scowl the scowling sky , it grimaced low , and scoured the hills with rain , yet rambling rills did swiftly flow , and made them dry again ever a frown was borne aloft , on gunmetal clouds of grey , a fleet diffuse and lightning quick , lit up the night like day bright day was ever turned to night ; dread elements in array , dressed in clouds of thund'rous smoke , spun fast like potters clay the whirlwinds ate into the earth , and threw sharp thunder down , but the hills were made of granite strong , deep roots in iron ground hail fell thick upon the hills ; the meadows ached with ice ' til sunlight 's fire came to their aid , to ward off winter 's vice the sky thought dark and low , its brow creased in vales of cloud ; it thought of a creature swift and sly , as strong as it was proud the sky made red the mottled moon , the twilight turned to blood ; out from dust was born mankind , the evil and the good the evil cursed up to the sky , the good a prayer proclaimed , with different words they told in verse , one thing and the same the thought from them was borne aloft , so simple and so plain ; that high evil thinks it 's good and good takes evil 's name there began a bitter war of words , a war of heart and mind ; and where a heart could only lose , crosshairs could surely find to plant a cross takes fertile land , ploughed deep with blood and lime to make a wreath takes craftsmanship , a bomb the production line quick it was , for the hills to howl , a firebrand cloud and flash ; five thousand years of artifice laid low in a bed of ash so drear it was , the howling trill , the poison rains that choked the rill , roots , pigeons , rats and all that 's ill , were all that lived , alone to grieve nothing remained , save mada and eve nothing could grow , nothing could breathe so think of wind when you eat your sprouts , and hail unto the wasteland 's shouts an empty slate , a piece of chalk an ever longer road to walk a crater fount , a town forlorn , built upon this frazzled gorse , a cliff from fossil ages torn speaks one fossil word : remorse ` ` that was the condensed version , '' said indole .
eight days their horses champed , foamed , sped , their haunches steamed , their eyes ringed red , ' til on the ninth appeared o'er brow a troubled mire in morning 's glow ; no pitch was this , but black as tar no meadows green seen from afar .
in a beautiful meadow !
she felt the same sad dread and horror she had felt when she looked at the ruined lake , or when she looked at the heaps of waste that lay where once there had been beautiful meadows and groves .
he lay on a meadow with the harsh glare of a noon sun in his face .
ethan tells me as we traverse the sparse woods , towards the beach end of the meadow .
me and my guys will carry him into the meadow , and then- oi beavis ! !
we went to the meadow the last time .
and the meadows a good place to train , but unless we walk for an hour into the heart of it its too risky .
or the meadow or something , he said .
there s snakes in the meadow , right ?
* * * as soon as ben opened the cage the fox shot out , tearing away across the meadow .
i stayed in the meadow , contemplating mastering the use of my gun .
i ran into the meadow as the rain got heavier , collapsing in a clearing as i tried to clear my head .
he slept in the meadow , his friends and eric found him .
i m going to the meadow .
the meadow was like a thinking spot .
when my feet touched level ground i dashed away , over the garden wall and up a sandy path , which i knew lead to the meadow .
* * * he does nt believe me , i fumed , walking through the dark up the hills of the meadow , which was almost pitch black .
good gosh , first my brother accusing me , now i m in the meadow with a nerd !
i watched her run through the meadow .
to the meadow , i said happily , and she pouted at me .
good thing you ve got me already , smiled colette , and i smiled back as she said i m so glad i ran into the meadow that night my mother hit me , otherwise i would nt have met you .
is it really a girl you see in the meadow ?
like when i took that dare in the meadow .
eric said near the meadow , at the shops .
sometimes i d rather be with colette in the meadow than with ron in his brilliant mansion .
i asked amusedly , as colette sprinted through the meadow up to me .
i trudged up the meadow , deep in thought about jean leslie .
i was nt even going to tell ron yet , that me and colette did nt go home last night , that we stayed together in the meadow .
demanded eric , and i did nt even bother answering him as i jogged away , round a corner and up the hill into the meadow , towards me and colettes special clearing .
noticing your trips into the meadow .
soon the meadow was pulling backwards as i noticed some buildings and houses , then i saw the brilliant beach i would have loved to sit with colette in one day- there s just too much going on , i thought angrily .
colette took my hand as we walked back through the meadow , saying nothing until we reached her town again , which was pretty lively for night time .
i could nt stop my tears from falling as i turned and walked back into the meadow , back on my way home to pick up my satchel , to start a journey elsewhere .
maybe , ben had said , but grandma and grandpa is a no with a capital n. i prayed for a miracle , any miracle , then i remembered the church further along the meadow , between colettes town and mine .
i asked happily , and she took my hand as we walked through the meadow , the wind blowing her hair about .
colette was making rocks hover in the air as she sat with him , in a clearing in the meadow .
* * * i sat in the meadow by myself , shredding leaves that i picked off some bushes nearby .
i was in the meadow , and it just appeared in the clearing i was in , telling me that colettes morgana the enchantress ( you was right amanda ) , and that ill hurt her !
it gives you something to do rather than trek all the way through the meadow up to northmead to spy on colette , invisible .
i knew colette was coming to the meadow , and i waited for her patiently .
this memory came back to me when i almost came out of the trees i was hiding in to talk to colette , then i saw her make a little girls teddy tap dance for her in the meadow , in a clearing .
i was out walking in the meadow , i lied , eric and ron nodding curtly behind me .
said ron , smiling back as we walked towards the meadow .
and thanks for escorting me to the meadow , but i know my way from here .
iii a voice upon the meadows but the thoughts of solitude and isolation were quickly knocked from him , for a deathly voice came upon the wind , taunting him from the depths of hals .
apparently , if the new rumours are true , they have left these lands , abandoning all their old dwellings , but i can still feel their presence here in the meadows .
he knew it like he knew the meadow downs near larksong or the many texts he had hoarded there in the monastery .
shotgun evita took three steps backwards , whirled , then ran across a meadow of brush to a grouping of five dilapidated trailers the next street over .
we were in a field , a meadow .
his laughter roared across the meadow , and startled three birds sitting in the locust trees .
` ` so , '' i looked around the meadow , ` ` is this my place ?
he looked out across his meadow , satisfied he had adequately made his point .
before i could answer silas had stepped off the porch and headed out across the meadow .
i looked around the meadow again .
` ` well , '' he said as he turned around and looked across the meadow , ` ` this is the edge of my place .
silas caught up with me a little while later , just before we reached the bluebonnet meadow .
` ` and would you quit wearing your good clothes in the meadow ? ''
i played until dawn was barely licking the eastern edge of the meadow of bluebonnets .
silas was sitting on the wicker chair , facing the meadow of bluebonnets .
silas still walked through the meadow every morning .
eventually i ran into a meadow , and there i found them .
the man nodded sagely , she s taken up with a few of the pixies that haunt meadow and lea , dangerous consorts for a mortal lass .
by the time the sun was on its downward journey , tibbin had come to the little meadow wherein the dwarf said his sister and her merry companions might be found on occasion .
so did he wait for three full days , eating from his scant provisions and refreshing himself in the ever singing brook by which he sat , finally on a night of mist and moon and starlight , five bright figures came laughing and dancing into the water meadow , beatrice as radiant and blithe as her companions .
hand in hand , they left that lovely meadow and turned their steps and hearts longingly towards home .
his wandering soon brought him out into a broad meadow where he was surprised to find a small party of richly clad young men and their servants busy with several deer and a young boar , apparently having had some success in their hunting .
they came again into a wide meadow , still having seen no sign of living game , but there were sheep aplenty grazing in that pleasant field .
they could see the trees , green and healthy , on the far side of the clearing , but what should have been a lush and rolling meadow was sere and empty of any growing thing .
there was once a bright and happy stream that wound through the midst of the meadow , but with a word she dried it up and then said no water or rain would ever slake our thirst save that of the vanished beck .
rather , the mares secreted themselves in the wide meadows of the plateaus to the west of those hills and there brought forth and nurtured their young , until they were old enough to tread the paths of the sky and could thus return to their native land .
it was a charming land of rolling hills , wide meadows , laughing brooks , and bright woodlands , but to the east there was no horizon of boundless blue sky , but rather a perpetual mist that seemed aglow with the new risen sun .
they left the village and the boy wondered where she was to get a horse , as there was no farm or stable upon the small winding road they were taking , it was only the path to the upper meadows where the sheep were kept in summer and veritably abandoned this early in the spring .
he came , day after day , and listened as she poured out her heart or they talked quietly together of many things as they walked in the summer glories of wood and meadow .
an hour later , he dismounted and led the weary beast to a small stream in the midst of a meadow in which a flock of sheep was grazing peacefully at the far end .
he watched the young shepherdess with some envy as she quietly tended her charges , as yet unaware of the stranger in her meadow ; he thought wistfully back to his own rustic duties , what seemed a lifetime ago .
tom sighed mournfully , mounted his horse , and rode slowly out of the meadow , leaving the lady to her sheep .
he turned the ancient beast and plodded back towards the meadow where the shepherdess waited with her sheep .
they landed in a quiet meadow and the girl was flung indecorously to the ground .
she was but a girl of sixteen and they came riding through the village and proclaimed that they were better than everybody and saw her alone in a meadow with her fathers sheep and well she got pregnant and everybody said it was her own fault and she had me and no decent man would have her after that and she has got eight kids by as many men and none of them care , the boy sobbed , i was only trying to avenge my mum .
he led the mare out into the meadow that was to host the days trials .
the first part was simply a gallop across the meadow to see if he could keep his seat at full speed .
the final leg brought him back through the meadow where a dead snake on a string pulled by a hidden handler moved across the path and was meant to test his ability to handle a panicked horse .
a few of the men even broke out their instruments and started to play , which tempted some of the locals to come out and join the fray , and very soon a full - fledged dance was underway in the meadow .
the way the rivers glisten and the wind moves the meadows like a chorus of angels .
she soaped the sponge again , releasing the pungent sweetness of a meadow , and then scrubbed down to his wrist .
at the edge of the fertile land , where the northern desert began to encroach on the fields and meadows , they descended from the cart , strapped their packs on their backs , and thanked the farmer .
but all he had was the heat that poured down on the asphalt , the vital source of every wood and meadow , the limitless empire of light .
from his sloping meadow he can see green forest to the horizon .
but then collapsing floors below and above boom and timbers snap , boom like artillery , snap like rifles and suddenly louis is back then and there in valor as , shirtless against the heat , they break out of the jungle into the meadow and dig in against the bullets and shells from the booming snapping entrenched heights until finally the gatlings speak up and hold down the spanish fire and the bugle sounds and they rise to their feet like a single man , shouting and charge .
her fur hood had blown loose , and pressed his frozen nose into the meadows of her indigo curls .
green lightning leapt a large moss - covered boulder and burst into a grassy meadow dotted with fallen leaves .
* * * the road wound down through an open meadow and across a shallow stream .
chapter six a song a rocky stream meandered along the edge of a broad meadow and approached the road and forest .
jon shook btris hand and waved to klas then mounted his horse and turned it toward the meadow .
jon crossed the stream and onto a trail across the meadow and to the forest and foothills beyond .
like a rippling pond , the silent meadow fell away .
the wagons rolled from the meadow onto the road and quickly settled into their traveling routine .
it was like a spring meadow spread across the horizon .
shethra flew over the meadow and out of sight circling high above the camp then flying higher and higher until she was no larger than a bird in the sky .
there were small woods down here nearer the lake , interspersed with meadows , which now had flowers blooming .
as they emerged from one of the little woods they saw spread out before them a meadow of wild flowers , much as others they had passed through .
the feeling of menace here was stronger than ever , and standing before them amongst the flowers , looking somewhat out of place in the meadow , were twelve warriors , swords drawn and ready to do battle .
the three approached the centre of the meadow , and the captain , with two of his men did likewise .
but if you follow the footpath to the north of the city into the woods a long way you will come to a circular clearing where the sun shines down upon a small meadow .
at last he came to the round meadow in the wood where he once again saw the sun , which had sunk in the sky a great deal .
the lady , shy like a doe with a does own eyes , made to run across the meadow .
fast friends they became , running through the meadow , fluid as the tree , the tree that weeps .
what sweetness will it be to spend the night , this brighter night than i have seen in all my life , like sisters in this meadow .
as draig mulled over his brothers intentions , he noticed a dragon out of the corner of his eyes resting in a meadow .
despite being exhausted from carrying sapphire , draig was fuelled by rage and he flew towards the meadow as fast as he could .
when draig reached the spot where sapphire had been attacked , he circled the meadow feverishly looking for clues .
as draig slowly scanned the ground with his razor sharp vision , he spotted a bow and quiver hanging in a small tree near the meadow .
once draig finished searching the area around the meadow without finding any more clues , he widened his search in hopes of spotting the human .
after his respite , he spotted you in a meadow on his way home .
if you ever mention we were at the meadow where sapphire was attacked again , i will kill you myself .
when they passed by the meadow where sapphire had been attacked , she noticed a faint plume of smoke rising in the distance .
the meadow adjacent to the courtyard seemed quiet .
he and shebodies painted with pigments of the earth ... red , black , deep browns ... bodies painted and festooned with flowers ... luridly and seductively with ever so much enticing skill moving hips and winged fingers , calling him to come to her , black raven who he was and dive into her nest , there to flutter with her in rutting dancewings flapping ... all became creatures of the airflying away and about and up , tricking each other , slipping into coy retreat , into come - hither glances ... feathers all about his body , a flush of the meadow crowning her dawn - brown hair ... like the animals they so loved and feared , they spoke in breaths of grunt and gasp and over - heated huffing , tearing into each other ... ripping off feathers , violently casting away flowers , becoming what only gen can become each to the otherdivers inside , plunging into each other ... from eye - fall plummeting into cave dark , plunging into rib - cage shattering clutch and cling and thunder of bones on the dusty groundso had frak become big as darlm become big .
each evening he went to the hillside meadow , listening through the trees , the rustling , waiting for sek - met to descend upon him as she had with lina .
lina left the bed and walked through the silent meadow still calling for isis , but like jaime , she was gone too .
far below him he saw clusters of little houses and hamlets , all linked by winding roads that sprawled across meadows or disappeared into little woods .
johanna had brought him up here yesterday , when he had complained of boredom ; the view had taken his breath away then too : to the north and beyond lay a bright green valley , where the spire reached for the sky , but he was higher than its highest point ; to the west and he saw the two small towns he had seen from the balcony of the apple , and the incredibly beautiful , misty valley in which they lay ; and to the south - east , he had seen the eyrie , the triangle - shaped township of domremys richest and most important ; and beyond , a plain of meadows and woods that sloped gently down .
the virgins promise , a heart - breakingly beautiful meadow of green grass , was nestled in a narrow valley between two mountain ranges , one to the east and the other to the west , that were each ten thousand feet high .
green lightning leapt a granite boulder and burst into a brown meadow of dying grass .
oselika stood there panting , her expression changing back and forth like a wildflower meadow on a dapple - cloud day .
at the bottom of the dell was small wildflower meadow surrounding a pond .
she danced through the wildflower meadow .
there was a small , sandy beach , a fragrant stand of evergreens , and a wildflower meadow .
after exploring , kor took a short nap at the edge of the meadow .
she cut the story short just before tah - thor asked her why she was asking questions , never mentioning the conversation in the meadow .
she came gently to the ground in a meadow not far from a beautiful white temple .
gently she came to rest there , in a beautiful alpine meadow , bejeweled with wildflowers .
and when they were all done , the abbess saw another figure coming from the edge of the meadow , riding on a white unicorn like the others .
who is that rider , she asked , coming from the edge of the meadow ?
he studied the painting on the dining room wall : a picture of butterflies in a grassy meadow .
you could stand in the middle of a meadow , or a woods , or a crowded subway and deity was always with you -- if you paid attention , and if you invited it into your heart .
one fool with a net can devastate a summer meadow . ''
the sidhe still whispered about the last duel he 'd fought , long before i was born , in which a sidhe had drowned in a summer meadow miles from any water .
but there are no meadows , or none that i ' ve seen .
` ` is it true that fucking them is what turned andais 's garden of pain into the meadow it is now ? ''
it was like standing at ground zero on the first day that life walked on the planet , but it was also like standing in the most beautiful meadow in the world on a lovely spring day with the gentlest of breezes blowing .
` ` yes , and you tried those spells when you found my father 's body in the meadow .
` ` a meadow would be nice , '' amatheon said .
` ` a nice sunny meadow , yes , that would be good . ''
` ` yes , a nice flower and grass meadow , where the sun can shine down , and the moon caress . ''
it is the scent of the meadow rose , the bramble rose , and it needs no walls to protect it , nor gardener to tend it .
old tom in summertime walked about the meadows gathering the buttercups , running after shadows , tickling the bumblebees that buzzed among the flowers , sitting by the waterside for hours upon hours .
up its fountain - stair to a country fair of ever - eve i came , far from the seas , climbing into meadows of fluttering shadows : flowers lay there like fallen stars , and on a blue pool , glassy and cool , like floating moons the nenuphars .
no jewels bright her gown bore , as she walked back from the meadow under roof and dark door , under the house - shadow .
afterwards , will we go prancing through some meadow so you can show me the simple beauty of a spiderweb or a pile of deer dung or whatever it is your worthless , stupid race thinks is important ? '
and amongst it all , someone , a man or woman who strode between infernos and blizzards as casually as one skips through a meadow , had given her a plot that she no longer wanted to read .
i ' m just getting my meadow muffins kicked out of me .
on the road once more : browning grass meadows slipped past on each side of them .
laura 's cream - colored coffin was interred in the small nondenominational cemetery on the edge of town : un - fenced , a hilly woodland meadow filled with black granite and white marble headstones .
czernobog led them to a meadow outside the town .
he walked , alone , to the center of the meadow .
they walked back across the meadow to where they had parked the vw bus .
the meadows were overgrown and seemed abandoned .
the vw bus jolted and bumped across the meadow , and came to a stop about twenty feet from the trunk of the tree .
mr . nancy flicked his cigarillo into the meadow , angrily .
he stood up on the branch , turned away from shadow and let a stream of dark urine arc out into the meadow below .
several local men and women came walking over the meadows , their bodies moving in unfamiliar ways : their voices , when they spoke , were the voices of the loa who rode them : a tall black man spoke in the voice of papa legba who opens the gates ; while baron samedi , the voudon lord of death , had taken over the body of a teenage goth girl from chattanooga , possibly because she possessed her own black silk top hat , which sat on her dark hair at a jaunty angle .
he drove the ford explorer across the meadow , past an abandoned farmhouse .
easter walked through the meadow , and spring flowers blossomed where she had passed .
they caught him as he fell , and they took him up , carrying him easily , although he was a very big man , and they put him down in the gray meadow .
the single bright sunbeam penetrating the clouds and bathing the meadow was beautiful , but the image faded as more clouds vanished .
soon the morning sun was blazing down on that meadow like a summer sun at noon , burning the water vapor from the morning 's rain into mists and burning the mist off into nothing at all .
the golden sun bathed the body on the floor of the meadow with its radiance and its heat .
her kiss was gentle , and it tasted of spring rains and meadow flowers .
he looked across the meadow as if he was trying to remember the names of the things he was looking at : the flowers in the long grass , the ruins of the farmhouse , the haze of green buds that fogged the branches of the huge silver tree .
shadow walked the meadow , making his own slew circles around the trunk of the tree , gradually widening his circle .
about twenty feet out from the base of the tree , half - overgrown with long meadow grass and dead creepers , he found a canvas bag .
she led their way to the rear of the meadow .
xylda , her flaming red hair outlining her creased round face like a scarf , strode off across the empty meadow with manfred in colorful attendance .
his guardian spirit sat with crossed legs , surrounded by her favorite meadow , where he always met her .
clouds appeared , blotting out the sun and draping her meadow in dark shadows , a sign he 'd annoyed kai .
in the next seconds everything in the meadow blurred into a wash of color and sound as if someone had flushed the world .
this time when he closed his eyes and took a deep breath , he pushed his mind past the current world to the meadow in another dimension where he 'd find his guardian spirit .
no longer bound to earth , he opened his eyes to the peaceful setting of green - leafed trees surrounding her quiet meadow .
something pulled storm backward as kai faded along with the meadow .
` ` i ' m sorry i ever created you , '' mark meadows said .
what he thought was , there , meadows , you simpering hippie fuck .
i remember a bewilderment of agony , a blackness , and waking up hours later in a meadow miles from the city .
instead of the room with its dark wood and candles , now clary could see green fields , the thick emerald leaves of trees , and a wide meadow sweeping down to a large stone house in the distance .
the light from the seraph blade that jace held threw his shadow backward so it seemed to move across the portal , darkening the bright fields , the meadow beyond .
the request hit me like a blackjack in the back of the head , and the pain came as a shock in contrast to the sunny splendor of the meadow .
before her mother 's death , the place had been a retreat for the four of them , a way to get out of the city when they did n't go to the cape -- and grier had spent a lot of weekends here , running through the meadow and playing around the pond .
the river divided into a hundred little tributaries trickling down the mountain - sides as they climbed , and by evening the dragons were landing in a high meadow gasping for breath .
laurence walked to the edge of the meadow where it ended in cliff to breathe deep of some cleaner air and pull it into his lungs , and found he was looking down at a series of terraced fields : man - made yet lying fallow ; maize plants struggled with weeds and tall grasses for dominion , and even a few tools lay half - buried in the greenery , abandoned .
8:00 a.m. brennan leaned into the hill , arms pumping , breath flowing easily , sprinting up the steep grade near the end of the run that had taken him over forested hills and through dew - drenched meadows .
` ` sage , '' a voice called out , sweet and clear , like a meadow brook .
the dragon stood up , lumbered heavily across the meadow , and fluttered into the air .
at noon , in a wide green meadow on the lush tableland that was the top of the impossibly - balanced wyrmberg , the dragons and their riders formed a wide circle .
liessa and the loremaster were waiting on a raised dais at one end of the meadow .
they were through the worst of the mountains , but there were still peaks around and high meadows stretching to the snowline .
and water meadows full of ... water , don'tyerknow , and flowers and stuff . ''
he said a word which , on the other side of the rock , would have shaken trees and created meadows .
she knew that the drones would soon reach the wild bee colonies in the deep forest , and within hours every corner of the mountain meadows would be under very close scrutiny indeed .
by the time it had come out over the upland meadows she had come to terms with it somewhat , which meant that she could just about hang on with knees and hands provided she did n't mind being upside down .
she looked up at the line of woods between the small fields of the valleys and the steep meadows of the mountains .
' when i was a girl , we just used to meet up in some meadow somewhere , all by ourselves .
death 's hands moved in a blur as he blocked every chop and thrust , and then changed grip on the scythe and brought the blade swinging up in an arc that mort sidestepped awkwardly , nicking the frame of an hourglass with the hilt of his sword and sending it flying across the room ... ... ... in the ramtop mountains a tharga - herder , searching by lamplight in the high meadows for a lost cow , missed his footing and plunged over a thousand foot drop ... ... ... gutwell dived forward and caught the tumbling glass in one desperately outstretched hand , hit the floor and slid along on his stomach ... ... ... a gnarled sycamore mysteriously loomed under the screaming herder and broke his fall , removing his major problems - death , the judgement of the gods , the uncertainty of paradise and so on - and replacing them with the comparatively simple one of climbing back up about one hundred feet of sheer , icy cliff in pitch darkness .
one moment it was a toy in the boy 's hands , and the next ... ... the wizards were standing on cool grass , in a shady meadow rolling down to the lake .
there were some hoary old willows here , and the river flowed , or at any rate moved , in a horseshoe bend around a small newt - haunted meadow known rather optimistically as wizards pleasaunce .
only coin , spelter and carding were left to watch the sparkling white building arise from the meadow , grass and dirt pouring off it .
as the white does in the meadows of the water margin are your thighs , which- ' ' erm , excuse me-'said nijel , clearing his throat with malice aforethought .
she had stopped dancing rather self - consciously through the narrow meadow and was trying to plait some daisies in her hair , without much success .
to magrat it was as if the meadow , hitherto supporting nothing more hazardous than clouds of pale blue butterflies and a few self - employed bumblebees , had sprouted a large red - and - yellow demon .
in the meadow by the pond , all right ? '
' the meadow , okay ?
the fool waited in the meadow with the lake .
maybe what he needed to heal was something gentle , something like the touch of spring , or the first heat of summer when the roses fill the meadows .
we were coming to the open meadow where the bomb had gone off .
addolgar pointed to a nearby meadow .
` ` everyone knows i ' m like happy puppies in a meadow on a sunny day . ''
the quarantine - grounds were inland of dover itself , the borders marked off by smoking torches and large red flags , planted into the ground : low deserted rolling meadows , the dragons scattered about with little cover even from the wind , which snapped all the flags out crisply and made them all huddle down small to escape .
when they had been brought down , in a wide and pleasant meadow , there was a good deal of shuffling and edging back , not frightened but wary , and anxious murmurs from the dragons as their officers descended .
together , they passed the owner 's vacant but perfectly maintained farmhouse and continued down the lane , cutting through a rolling meadow that had to be a good twenty acres in size .
speechless and scared absolutely shitless , sitting here on a picnic table in a sunny f**king meadow .
this made me think of dr . meadows and her request , which had alarmed me .
though the idea of going back to dr . meadows made me nervous , i hoped that maybe she could make us all feel better for a change .
` ` well , nash wants to go to dr . meadows to find out if she knows of a cure and if he 'll ever be cured or not . ''
` ` so why does he need to go to dr . meadows ?
` ` and dr . meadows can tell him ? ''
a few moments later , dr . meadows came out from the back room .
dr . meadows was serious .
dr . meadows just wanted to catch a transformation on video so she could become a paranormal star .
it was as if dr . meadows did n't want to answer him .
dr . meadows drew a deep breath , trying to regain her trance mode .
dr . meadows was startled by his display of affection .
i was happy nash was pleased and wanted to head to brandon 's before dr . meadows gave me any predictions .
` ` i 'll get her something later , '' he said to dr . meadows .
as we began to leave , dr . meadows politely followed us out .
as i drove away from penny for your thoughts , i noticed my gas gauge was close to empty , so i pulled into a gas station before i reached brandon 's house , even though i wanted to race to brandon 's side to tell him what dr . meadows had told nash and not miss even a minute more that i could spend with him - especially since nash had cut into my time with him .
but then , it is dr . meadows .
however , there were other predictions dr . meadows warned of , and i was n't too keen on being the one to shake him out of his good mood .
did dr . meadows say that ? ''
but that was before dr . meadows made this horrible prediction . ''
` ` maybe you should n't have gone to dr . meadows .
` ` what dr . meadows said at the end ... you ca n't be around me anymore . ''
however , i could n't tell them about dr . meadows .
and it was n't even dr . meadows .
dr . meadows warned me - so if it is n't you or nash ... it might be - ` ` ` ` one of them ? ''
i warned you , like dr . meadows warned me .
` ` like when dr . meadows warned you and then those wolves stalked you in the snow ? ''
` ` here they were the ones dragging me to dr . meadows , and now i ' m the one talking about sixth senses . ''
i was standing in a meadow full of grass that was too green to be real , and there was a woman walking toward me through flame red flowers .
i only have to pass a few gates to reach the scruffy field called the meadow .
separating the meadow from the woods , in fact enclosing all of district 12 , is a high chain - link fence topped with barbed - wire loops .
but always in sight of the meadow .
and one day , you come upon them sitting motionless against a wall or lying in the meadow , you hear the wails from a house , and the peacekeepers are called in to retrieve the body .
i grabbed a bucket and prim 's hand and headed to the meadow and yes , it was dotted with the golden - headed weeds .
for a while i hung around the edges of the meadow , but finally i worked up the courage to go under the fence .
rue is a small yellow flower that grows in the meadow .
and i come to know rue , the oldest of six kids , fiercely protective of her siblings , who gives her rations to the younger ones , who forages in the meadows in a district where the peacekeepers are far less obliging than ours .
i give a small cough , swallow hard , and begin : deep in the meadow , under the willow a bed of grass , a soft green pillow lay down your head , and close your sleepy eyes and when again they open , the sun will rise .
deep in the meadow , hidden far away a cloak of leaves , a moonbeam ray forget your woes and let your troubles lay and when again it 's morning , they 'll wash away .
she could really be asleep in that meadow after all .
the animals can live off almost anything , the meadow 's a perfect feeding place , and they can give four quarts of milk a day .
i wriggle through the opening at the bottom of the fence and come up in the meadow , just a stone 's throw from my home .
i see her in the yellow flowers that grow in the meadow by my house .
i ' m crouched on one knee , preparing to enter the meadow , but i ' m still so preoccupied with the day 's events that it takes a sudden screech of an owl to bring me to my senses .
if i was running late , prim even got in the habit of going to the meadow to check if the fence was charged , to spare my mother worry .
my eyes peer through the trees , past the fence , into the meadow .
the golden cornucopia sits in the middle of a green meadow with patches of gorgeous flowers .
an aerial shot shows that the meadow stretches for miles .
with the mountain spewing liquid fire , and the meadow offering no means of concealment , the remaining thirteen tributes - including haymitch and maysilee - have no choice but to confine themselves to the woods .
i keep my eyes on what i remember as the road , because when i first landed in the meadow , i was n't careful and i walked right into a rock .
it was gale who thought of the meadow , one of the few places not filled with old wooden homes embedded with coal dust .
inside is the first beautiful thing i ' ve seen in the district 13 compound : a replication of a meadow , filled with real trees and flowering plants , and alive with hummingbirds .
beetee sits motionless in a wheelchair at the center of the meadow , watching a spring - green bird hover in midair as it sips nectar from a large orange blossom .
it 's not until we land in the meadow that i realize haymitch is n't among our company .
she makes him go back to the night of the firebombing and reenact it , starting at his house , working his way down across the meadow and through the woods to the lake .
as i had exactly one hiding spot - in the meadow under a honeysuckle bush - my father found me immediately .
i arm myself with a bow and arrows and head out , intending to exit 12 through the meadow .
the meadow 's gone , or at least dramatically altered .
although no one seeds it , the meadow turns green again .
he switched off the autopilot and brought the van to rest in a rugged upland meadow along the southern slopes of the range .
he reached the meadow that contained his camp just as the alien reappeared overhead .
a geyser of fire and smoke shot up out of the meadow with a waterfall roar , and tenfin birds rose screaming all along the mountain flank .
pieces of fused metal thumped down around him , burning holes in the moss of the meadow floor .
the iceroot smelled as good as his false memories said it should , the wind felt as cool and refreshing as it swept across the meadow ; the immense vista of the sierra hueso on the far horizon , sun flashing off the snowcaps on the highest peaks , was as beautiful as it ever was , and the beauty of it lifted his heart , as it always did .
the leafy canopy parted , and a long , wide meadow came into view .
the triggering branch was currently nothing more than a handful of toothpicks scattered from the meadow up toward low orbit .
it took a little more than an hour of pacing slowly around the meadow 's edge to find the other man 's trail .
the other ramon was roughly following the creek that had run by the meadow where he 'd set his trap .
with only a moment 's hesitation - might he have forgotten how many coring charges had been in the pack or might the trap in the meadow have only used two ?
he closed his eyes for the space of twenty breaths , adapting them to darkness , then scanned the meadow 's edge .
he thought the alien would think it naive , like kyi - kyi grazing in a meadow where a chupacabra was sunning itself .
he put the van down in the same upland meadow where he 'd landed so long ago , in another life , wrapped himself in warm , waterproof clothes , and took up his new field kit .
we came out of the trees into a meadow filled with knee - high grass stalks , silver tipped , that rustled and murmured and bent under the touch of a brisk northeast wind .
the storm had crawled closer on its little cat feet , and i could feel distant tingles at the edges of my awareness ; the storm talked to me , the way that the forest and this meadow talked to marion .
we broke the surface in an empty meadow , where grass shivered and whispered and bent silver heads to the freshening wind .
i attached mine , slipped the land rover in gear , and bumped gently out of the meadow and back up onto the blacktop of iron road , where i hit the accelerator hard .
he ran on , pushing through patches of bamboo and across open meadows .
he jumped over a low place in the hedge at the bottom , and took to the meadows , passing into the night like a rustle of wind in the grass .
' then cut along the row and meet us as quick as you can at the gate in the lane beyond the meadows .
the night was clear , cool , and starry , but smoke - like wisps of mist were creeping up the hill - sides from the streams and deep meadows .
soon they came into well - tended fields and meadows : there were hedges and gates and dikes for drainage .
i sit beside the fire and think of all that i have seen , of meadow - flowers and butterflies in summers that have been ; of yellow leaves and gossamer in autumns that there were , with morning mist and silver sun and wind upon my hair .
when all the company had crossed , they sat and rested and ate a little food ; and legolas told them tales of lothlorien that the elves of mirkwood still kept in their hearts , of sunlight and starlight upon the meadows by the great river before the world was grey .
leaflock has grown sleepy , almost tree - ish , you might say : he has taken to standing by himself half - asleep all through the summer with the deep grass of the meadows round his knees .
they have passed like rain on the mountain , like a wind in the meadow ; the days have gone down in the west behind the hills into shadow .
there 's something of everything here , if you understand me : the shire and the golden wood and gondor and kings ' houses and inns and meadows and mountains all mixed .
ham stood with others , and behind them spook could see another trapdoor in the middle of the grassy meadow floor .
the smell of roses grew thicker , as if i were standing in a summer meadow .
` ` it 's a meadow with a stream now , not the torture area the queen had made of it . ''
` ` it was a place of pain and now it 's a meadow with butterflies and bunnies .
` ` what i bring to sex magic is meadows and butterflies .
` ` no - i mean you can ask dr . meadows , '' he said .
maybe dr . meadows was n't going to come out right away so she could overhear our discussions .
dr . meadows had a gentle energy around her .
dr . meadows turned the sign hanging on the door from open to closed .
i would n't admit it to dr . meadows , but i was surprised , too .
dr . meadows took abby 's hand and matched her gaze .
it was as if dr . meadows had been a mentor to her all of her life .
dr . meadows offered us tea .
dr . meadows held my hand for a moment .
dr . meadows still seemed to be in a trance .
abby grabbed a benign , humorous book on witchcraft for her essay and she and i placed our money on the counter when dr . meadows finally appeared .
dr . meadows handed us our change and gave ivy her receipt to sign .
when we reached the door , dr . meadows had parting words for my friends .
then , suddenly , dr . meadows turned to me and grasped my shoulder .
` ` did n't dr . meadows say something freaky about you and the woods and a wolf ? ''
the idea that dr . meadows predicted exactly what happened plagued my mind .
and what did dr . meadows mean by beware of a kiss under the full moon .
i could n't help but blame dr . meadows and her strange fortune for getting me into this situation in the first place .
i remembered dr . meadows warning me about the full moon .
i replayed the conversation i 'd had with dr . meadows .
but brandon 's life was on the line and i had to drum up all my courage to get to dr . meadows .
dr . meadows answered .
` ` i ' m sorry to bother you , dr . meadows .
even dr . meadows seemed shocked by the accuracy of her prediction .
dr . meadows was speechless .
i was having to convince dr . meadows that she was psychic .
` ` it 's true , dr . meadows .
dr . meadows was incredulous .
now dr . meadows grew concerned .
dr . meadows grasped my shoulder as if something overcame her .
i was n't sure how i 'd convince brandon to let dr . meadows meet him with the full moon approaching .
` ` like dr . meadows .
dr . meadows warned me ... '' i was filled with remorse and guilt at being the one who had caused his condition .
but my skepticism toward dr . meadows was what got brandon into this state in the first place .
` ` dr . meadows .
` ` he does n't want anyone to see him , '' i told dr . meadows when the store was finally empty of customers .
` ` then i must see him , tonight , '' dr meadows pressed .
it would give me a chance to get some fresh air and maybe some fresh ideas on how to convince brandon to meet dr . meadows .
` ` i should have listened to dr . meadows , '' i said .
besides , it 's not like dr . meadows predicted the future .
dr . meadows had only been waiting for a few hours .
i mentioned meeting dr . meadows again , but brandon still was n't sure he wanted to reveal his secret .
i pressed my face closer to the glass and recognized it was dr . meadows .
dr . meadows pointed to nash .
dr . meadows stared back as if she was examining nash .
i left dr . meadows and returned to my friends .
nash continued to watch dr . meadows until she got into her car and drove off .
i would n't even be able to get to dr . meadows , who i knew was desperate to meet brandon .
dr . meadows scurried away before i could say another word .
` ` channel eleven has just learned that dr . camille meadows from riverside township has discovered a werewolf and captured it on film , '' she began .
all along , dr . meadows had been trying to use brandon for her own gain .
there was scrambling as we could hear heavy breathing and the camera pointed to the ground as dr . meadows ran away .
this was like something dr . meadows would do . ''
it was one thing if dr . meadows had been unable to help me or brandon , but what kind of doctor was she when she only wanted to help herself ?
` ` then why would dr . meadows warn me against it ? ''
the silver meadow and the golden sky seemed to fling it back at him .
i ' m still getting the hay in off the high meadows and there 'll be a lot of work come harvest .
the hay meadow was high on the hill behind the farm , overlooking the cornfield .
he seems to be enjoying himself in the meadow , '' prompted miss flitworth .
there was a bonfire in the meadow beyond the archery field .
it knocks the dogs down quick , but a vixen can carry it a long time , rosie thought , and then recalled the toadstools she 'd spotted on the edge of the overgrown meadow , growing in the shadows where it was damp .
he has never flown above a spring meadow , or tasted how sweet and clean the wind can be . ''
i fell into that kiss , those trembling wings , the velvet caress of the powder falling along my body , and i saw nicca standing in a meadow , bright with summer flowers .
was i in the summer meadow brushed by a thousand wings , or was i in the dark with the music of hounds belling around me ?
the story was that the spring had a fruit tree behind it , so that from the outside the tree was small like an apple tree espaliered against the stones , but if you knelt at the spring to drink or lay offerings , then the tree rose above you and there was a glimpse of meadows behind it .
our hollow hills had hidden other suns and moons , and meadows , and pools , and lakes , from the sight of the humans .
the sun was setting , pulling shadows across the mountain faces , when he brought the van to rest in a rugged upland meadow along the southern slopes of the sierra hueso range .
he reached the meadow that contained his camp just as the alien appeared overhead .
they touched down lightly in the upland meadow where ramon had made his camp , settling out of the sky as silently as the shadow of a feather .
ramon walked unsteadily to the edge of the meadow , the leash in his neck hardly tugging him as he walked .
the food tasted as good as his false memories said that it should , or perhaps better ; the wind felt as cool and refreshing as it swept across the meadow ; the immense vista of the sierra hueso , sun flashing off the snowcaps on the highest peaks , was as beautiful as it ever was .
the only thing that remained was the huge oak tree spreading its branches above the meadow .
one breath we rode in a summer meadow , the next we clattered on stone , and were before the jeweled doors .
we rode past the great oak , and again there was that sensation of movement , but there was no summer meadow , no illusion .
i looked back at what was left of the hunt in the meadow .
here a hawk prepared for flight , there a mare and her colts played in a meadow .
she seemed to him , as he now thought of her , to have in herself deep wells and knee - deep meadows of happiness , rivers of freshness , enchanted gardens of leisure , which he could not enter but could have spoiled .
this river flowed down a goodly channel and on its banks were rich lands : grasses and moist meadow to the one side and tree - grown slopes of the other ; its waters met the sea sluggishly and fought not as the waters of mithrim in the north .
then she might have been anywhere - the forest , the ocean , a city sidewalk , a country meadow .
walking across the long - grassed meadow that led to the old lighthouse , cassie could n't help but be struck by its worn , rustic beauty .
in the dream , cassie opened her eyes and found she was no longer on a sunny beach but in a field or a meadow , at night .
the best rooms were all on the left - hand side ( going in ) , for these were the only ones to have windows , deep - set round windows looking over his garden and meadows beyond , sloping down to the river .
eyes that fire and sword have seen and horror in the halls of stone look at last on meadows green and trees and hills they long have known . ''
he might have been at ashford meadow , dunk thought .
dunk had not done any jousting since ashford meadow .
dunk had devised his own arms at ashford meadow , when a puppeteer called tanselle too - tall asked him what he wanted painted on his shield .
he and egg had not been around so many lords and knights since ashford meadow , and there was no way to guess who else might turn up next .
a great beast , huge , with wings so large , they could cover this meadow .
the whole realm knew how prince maekar 's mace had felled his brother baelor breakspear at ashford meadow .
with so many lords on hand , one of them might recall ser duncan the tall from ashford meadow .
` ` you have not ridden in a tilt since ashford meadow , ser . ''
at ashford meadow , no one spoke of snails .
` ` i may not have been at ashford meadow , but jousting is my bread and salt .
i know how a certain hedge knight became the cause of a trial of seven at ashford meadow , resulting in the death of baelor breakspear at his brother maekar 's hand . ''
and all at once the years fell away , and dunk was back was at ashford meadow once again , listening to baelor breakspear just before they went forth to battle for his life .
for , as many songs have since sung , it was the periannath , the little people , dwellers in hillsides and meadows , that brought them deliverance .
` ` so far as most folk are concerned , aegon targaryen went back to summerhall with his brother daeron after the tourney at ashford meadow '' , dunk reminded the boy .
it reminded him of a night at ashford meadow , before the tourney started .
whenever someone spoke of ashford meadow , he thought of the three good men who 'd died to save his foot , and it never failed to hurt .
for the rams scented some intruder and turned their tails to psyche and all lifted their terrible heads , and then lowered them again for battle , and all charged away together to the other end of the meadow , drawing nearer to each other as they came nearer to their enemy , so that an unbroken wave or wall of gold overwhelmed her .
the meadows they passed were brown with fallen leaves , the dead winter weeds pressed flat by snow , barely a new shoot of grass or weed .
this meadow with the waist - high grass and its stands of yew could be anywhere .
when that ghostly place had vanished , it had left behind a meadow with butterflies and flowers .
past the trees and underbrush , rand stopped tai'daishar , looking across the open meadow toward the ancient city of far madding .
he stepped from the skimming platform and out onto an empty meadow .
the meadow around him was open , though the grass was yellowing , and he noticed with displeasure several large swaths of dead wildflowers , rotting .
most of the meadow was covered in grass , clover and small weeds , and the farther they rode , the more pervasive the dark spots became .
they 'd moved the camp to an elevated meadow along the jehannah road .
on one side of the meadow , an ancient statue lay before a patch of trees .
terrible storm above , quiet , placid meadow beneath .
this was where oak dancer 's pack had gone earlier , and hopper moved about the meadow , smelling curious .
hopper loped back across the meadow toward him .
a rumble shook the meadow , dirt exploding into the air .
very few of them fit the meadow where he had appeared .
mountains , forests , lakes , meadows .
it stood , alone , on the meadow that had once held his forces .
they zipped up into the air around the meadow .
a browning meadow lay on the other side ; gaul and the maidens immediately slipped through to scout .
they rode across the meadow surrounding far madding .
they sat in a wooded hollow a short walk from the tower , next to the meadow beside the arinelle .
it was a short hike across the meadow to the banks of the arinelle .
he climbed to his feet in the meadow of dead grass .
another gave a view of a peaceful meadow high in the mountains of mist .
leaving the timber , they found themselves in a broad meadow .
and so saying , he landed in a broad meadow .
they walked for several days and saw no one , only the animals of the forest and meadows .
nothing seemed to be as it used to be except for the imposing structure that stood peacefully amid acres and acres of barley , oats and rye fields and sheep - dotted meadows .
he thought for that moment that he could have ridden forever , over fields , through forests , over meadows , through creeks and streams ; the horse was strong and powerful , he was feeling powerful and one with the horse ; but the land was not accommodating , the cleared fields did nt last forever and also the pain in his leg was becoming unbearable and he knew he would have to slow down soon .
the land was certainly beautiful with lush forests and pretty meadows ; the numerous rivers were full of the most amazing fish and fowl , the skies were full of varied and colorful birds .
slowing to thirty , i rolled past the motel on the right , a dirt crossroad , a trailer park full of giant metal slugs , and a meadow ; then the stores on my left gave out and i spotted a dust cloud rising behind them .
* * * * lounging in the sweet meadow again , as if diane and i were picking up the scene i d blown two nights before .
oblivious , i was walking through the river meadow , and by the time i noticed my surroundings again , i had somehow reached the river gate of mollys trailer court .
we d had to move our operation because the little meadow where we usually camped was now in the picture .
the widening meadow below the dam lay under a foot of water , but even that was ebbing visibly .
a small figure caught my eye : molly caudle running awkwardly across the meadow , avoiding brush and fallen trees and trash that once was film equipment .
standing in the broad meadows by the elbe river less than two miles away from the burning city , erich saw the huge fireball from the colliding planes briefly light up the night sky before plunging silently to the earth .
when the first light of morning came , erich roused himself from a grassy bed he had fashioned back in the meadows to try to capture some sleep , though all he found himself doing was shivering uncontrollably through the remaining night hours from the bitter cold , wondering what was left of the city he loved .
the morning sun marks the extended shadows of jehannes troops in a large beautiful meadow as they face the english .
longbowmen are positioned on each side of an open meadow in the woods .
how had a vibrant woman like lady patience kendall gathered such a raggle - taggle group of husband - hunters , when she herself was nothing but a new colt , herself , romping in the meadow ?
nestled on the fertile banks of the river thames and surrounded by manicured lawns , meadows , and acres of young wheat , it was built of lovely pink brick , with quoined stone and spectacular views over the river and distant green hills to the south .
whistling happily , gareth turned and strode back across the meadow , heading away from the houses and toward the riverbank .
she charged down bridge street , through the meadows and fields that bordered the river , and over the footbridge that spanned the mill stream .
ten minutes later , he was munching on a piece of buttered bread and striding up the leaf - shaded path between the mill stream and the abbey meadow , heading toward town .
i 'll just waylay him as he 's coming back through the meadow , stick a knife in his back , and toss him into the thames ` ` ` ` no , no , that wo n't do at all .
we just have twenty or so , plus some rather impressive scarecrows we acquired from the last farm meadow .
there be a grove of willows just down the meadow .
hephaestus could still remember the time , many years before , when hermes found apollos herd of cattle in a meadow .
rather , each of those shades had been tricked into living in their own field of elysium , the seaweed beneath them now the long grasses of a perfect meadow .
a herd of deer grazed in a meadow nearby , and clouds of sparrows fussed among the trees .
this statue of the maiden goddess , the embodiment of the woodland secluded life , made melaina want to run off into the woods herself , walk alone through meadows , wade knee - deep streams , and sleep staring up at the stars .
the noble - peaked landscape to the north towered above the circle of girls , and ever - changing clouds billowed , sailed with the wind , their dark shadows charging across the meadow where the girls plucked flowers in the lush meadow .
the noble - peaked landscape to the north towered above the circle of girls , and ever - changing clouds billowed , sailed with the wind , their dark shadows charging across the meadow where the girls plucked flowers in the lush meadow .
they were standing in the rarian meadow beside the river kephisos , the first field ever sown with wheat , glorious helios beaming down on the deep - bosomed daughters of eleusis .
* melaina went into seclusion beneath a shaggy oak in the meadow of kallias ' garden .
fowl sprang up , a tumult of flapping wings over the meadows and marshes : geese , cranes , swans .
afterward , you 'll come to a meadow , be stripped naked and judged wearing only life 's deeds .
zeus appointed king minos of crete to hold court in this meadow , where the path branches to the isle of the blessed and tartarus .
for them , helios shines in meadows red with roses , shaded by the incense tree laden with golden fruit .
then one day , myrrhine said goodbye , calling upon the hills , meadows and sea beating in the bay where her daughter had so often walked .
chapter two little barrels , roped and tarred , all full of brandywine the journey had been relatively uneventful , and the countryside was lovely in all its spring lushness with the apple blossom in full bloom and lambs frisky in the meadows beside their mothers .
already she missed the highlands , with their complex pattern of ridge and valley , forest and meadow , mist and sky , all woven together like some rich , vibrant fabric .
looking around for cruthin , she saw him dancing in the open meadow nearby .
twelve tents of uriangqot journeyed down from the mountains to graze their mares in the meadows on tungelig stream .
when they went out to milk , a spindly figure on a white horse cruised through the meadows , and qatagi recognised the truant .
that ghost he dares invoke , that we may see it laid , here , when we choose a khan in the qorqonag meadows .
on the eighth and ninth of the moon the young converged on qorqonag meadows in thousands and tens of thousands .
at dusk bartan strolled in a meadow of anemones with cutula and galut .
his countenance , alight from within and from the fire , shone around them like an orb from above , until he gazed on yesugei with such a lively love , yesugei saw the meadows of the clouds , the ideal meadows we imagine for our ideal dead .
his countenance , alight from within and from the fire , shone around them like an orb from above , until he gazed on yesugei with such a lively love , yesugei saw the meadows of the clouds , the ideal meadows we imagine for our ideal dead .
no - ones eager for a hur altai , she said , after the crowd in qorqonag meadows , to meet and do a head - count .
in punishment they seized the famous suldu rosy cows , fat from their meadows .
the mares were nt elk , to feed underwater on bog greenery in spring ; when meltwater with nowhere to go lay in the dales , mares had to exit the mountains to where the ground thawed and the melt meant streams and meadows .
beneath in the river meadow grazed their nine cut mounts by toghruls stallion .
and tarqutai was pitched in flat meadows , of thick summer grass , higher than his head along the onons banks , but grass does nt feel like great defence and they had hounds to scent him out .
neither of them spoke for a few minutes as they walked along the rolling hills and meadows that stretched out from the campbells farm in the center of mull all the way to the eastern shore .
it was their secret , two years old this june , whisperedthough there were no other souls within at least two earshots ( unless seaghan was hiding somewhere near ) one fresh and sunny morning as they lay side by side at the edge of a meadow , gazing up at the clouds , rushing about , busy with springfor she had come late that year , spring had , and now had much to do to get ready for summer .
the meadows ?
the meadows , to believe the well - polished bronze plaque by the main door , was the first hospital in england built exclusively for the unfortunate of mind .
: even though trevor , the following day , told him the whole story , as related by mr . yeats , and precisely what had taken place at the meadows , john was not too keen on the idea .
: a week later the meadows informed themon well - designed and quite expensive stationarythat yes , medical records for a colin lawless did exist .
l. : : twenty - four : : the letter was written in a small , precise hand on the meadows off - white stationary .
was there any meat at all on that frame , he wondered , as he shook the bony hand on the front steps of the meadows .
that june morning , that meadow , that sun and those skylarks , his question , and her answer , whispered , yes .
i made it in our meadow that spring .
they are in their meadow , and she has just said yes , yes , yes , oh , yes .
they were walking in their meadow , or a meadow like it .
they were walking in their meadow , or a meadow like it .
took a good look at the meadow , the sky , the trees , took a dance step or two , the sun her partner .
he heard the harsh cry of a night bird , and saw how before nights end it would swoop low to snatch up a meadow vole in its claws .
so they walked a little way out of the village until they came to a small meadow beside a stream .
he became obsessed with one particular picture by dante gabriel rossetti called the bower meadow .
had he and amy and philip really ridden their ponies across meadows that were now deep under the lake ?
she thought this might be that stream , now she remembered that huw had called it the afon cedig , which once wound across the meadows and through old llanwddyn , before joining the vyrnwy lower down the valley .
she dreamt that she was walking beside the afon cedig as it meandered through the meadows towards the village .
it 's going to be on the mountain at a place called , ` mead 's meadow . '
mead 's meadow , wherever that is .
do you know where mead 's meadow is ?
you 'll see a little logging road on the rightgoes down through the woods a little ways , across a wet spot , and up onto the meadow .
they emerged onto a shelf - like meadow that dropped abruptly into a narrow valley .
an upright piano stood by itself in the meadow , the last point of local focus before her eyes leaped into the space beyond and below .
martin went for a refill and returned a few minutes later as willow was looking around the meadow .
they ate and drank and wandered around the meadow .
these people , in mead 's meadow , were just as sharp , just as physical ( in a different way , maybe a better way ) , and just as easy and confident .
your basic meadow red .
he took a bite of his fried egg sandwich and thought about the first people and the view from mead 's meadow .
often i dream of him , dream that we are walking together through a meadow of wild flowers .
passing the purple glory of the copper beeches , the darkness of the rhododendrons interspersed with the silvery bark of the birches , she looked out for the deer that would wander through to the luscious meadows now filled with the scents and colours of wild flowers , the pinks , purples , reds and white inviting one to roam , touch and smell .
towards the end of marcus lucius 's stay in britannia , maximus took him away from camp almost every evening and they trained together outside , in the lovely surrounding between leafy trees , verdant meadows and wet drops of rain .
built giving an expansive view of prairie and river to the front with acres of meadow and a small pond behind , he always hoped it would provide serenity to ease the troubled man but never knew if it had or not .
all summer and into fall , he roamed meadows and canyons of southern idaho keeping larders full for several companies of hungry men while developing skills which served him so well for years .
that night we made camp in a small meadow .
the snow melt trickled through the heather and high meadows of the mountains , down channels and gullies , along streams , creeks and rivulets that came together to form the headwaters of a mighty river .
the small churches stood in the green meadows .
they came to a green meadow .
steve remembered sitting in a green meadow with catherine , gazing at the sky and counting the shooting stars .
the word had become spirit and lived on the meadows and in the trees .
the melodies of the birds singing on blossoming cherry trees rolled like a waves over the green meadows and valleys .
they strolled along the green meadows at the river bank .
an old spruce stood in the middle of the meadow .
a breeze carried the smell of the blossoming spring flowers over the green meadow .
floating on the waves of the river and laying in the meadow and listening to the singing of the birds , said catherine to her fiance .
at the moment , ruth ran through the meadow to the fishermens hut at the bank of the river saying : verena , quick , simon is crying .
the dragon charged down on the meadow where the children played .
the dragon landed on a rock above the meadow where the children played .
the lake was embedded in a meadow .
the hostel stood on a meadow at the edge of the mountain and had been destroyed many times by the romans and then rebuilt to accommodate the pilgrims .
but more and more often we see dark shadows hanging over the green meadows , said the lady of the mountains .
the meadows floated like islands in the moonshine .
little drops where scattered over the meadows glittering like diamonds in the morning sun .
the day was clear and he could see the mountain of the angels in the distance between meadows and fields stretching like a bow over the valley .
the meadows were filled with the scent of fried onions , garlic and mushrooms .
he watched as the last rump of the elk herd disappeared into the forest across the meadow .
* alvarado had seen no sign of movements from anyone behind him since he had caught the glint of sunlight back there along the eastern edge of that meadow .
they also took the precaution of hobbling the horses in a small nearby meadow that showed grass high enough to tickle the belly on the shortest of the horses .
they made camp that evening with the herd bedded down in a sheltered meadow that was lush with knee - high grass .
indeed it was not long before they surmounted the last of the climb and reached the lush patches of summer meadow near the peak of stob an eighrach .
there is a meadow before the house where your regiments would be welcome to encamp this night .
i fly through the small wheat field to the apple trees on the other side , searching for the tallest and most gnarly tree at the end of the meadow where we always meet .
the bright glow from his vessel shines from across the mud - caked meadow .
mists were stirring and letting go of their hold on trees and meadows so far below .
there was no sign of life on the meadows between the shore and the tree line .
they would make their way to a large upland meadow where deer frequently grazed and wait in ambush .
* * * * * garts group patiently concealed themselves at the edge of the large meadow .
the summer trees had all lost their leaves and the upland meadows were visible stretching to the fir tree line in the distance and the hills beyond .
a rare , yet always welcome and wonderfully soothing summer breeze stirred her hair and garments , moving them slowly without a sound , almost in the dream - like state of floating leaves upon a dawdling , meadow stream .
her voice had the softness of a gentle summer breeze across a meadow of soft green grass .
samuel was standing with his back to the cottage and lizzie knew he was gazing over the meadow to the boundary of the farm .
samuel was staring out over the meadow , a frown furrowing his forehead .
it used to carry all the way here , across the meadow .
coming across the meadow from the pendles farm she could make out several riders , moving quickly , drawing close .
just coming across the meadow .
the horses were drawing closer , the sound of their hooves pounding on the hard , cold earth of the meadow , ominous in the still early morning air .
he slid his hand along the fender and over the roof , like a breath of fresh wind over a meadow of flowers .
one side of the pool faced an open , shell - pocked meadow , but the other bank was lined with trees and thick underbrush .
instead he caught up with ben and rode alongside as they headed up out of the draw and across the open meadow .
at one point the ravine widened out into a grassy meadow about fifty yards wide and two hundred yards long .
when they had cleared the first pass , the trail widened out again into a small meadow about a hundred yards wide and half a mile long .
then came another pass and another meadow , and so on for several miles as the trail slowly dropped down from the high country .
they started across a small meadow which tunneled down ahead into yet another pass .
` ` they run all the way back to that last little meadow an ' they was so skittish i had the devil of a time gettin ' my hands on 'em . ''
before it got too dark to find the winding trail down , ridge turned bill around and headed back down to the wide grassy meadow that tunneled into the entrance of bloody run .
he camped that night in a thick clump of cotton - woods on one edge of the meadow , and by the light of his tiny campfire , he began working out a plan .
as they got closer to the meadow above bloody run , ridge slowed their pace and he and oak began watching closely for any signs that they were being watched .
then at last they reached the small meadow above the deadly pass .
telling oak to hold back out of sight for a while , ridge rode cautiously to about midway down the meadow and then turned left toward the cottonwood grove where he had camped when he was here a few days before .
it was easier to slip around on foot , but their progress was slow as they worked their way down the edge of the meadow to the twisting , rocky trail that led to the ledges above bloody run .
they took their time retrieving their horses from the grove of trees in the meadow .
finally , far up the draw , they rode out onto another meadow which seemed completely surrounded by rocky slopes that rose so sharply there was no place for a man on horseback to continue on .
before white men came here and put their rustic name on it , indian hunters and war parties used it as a short cut from the valley below to the hidden draws and meadows above .
it opened into a small meadow and we paused and watered the horses and mule .
chapter six tyson hartman skirted a meadow at the base of the forty - foot cliff , moving stealthily on moccasined feet , blending in so completely with his surroundings that a chance observer only a few yards away might very well have missed his passing .
the three brothers rode straight south through the center of independence to the broad meadow where wagon trains usually gathered .
they hurry past , climbing the hills to the meadow where the battle has been fought .
marat comes back alone to the meadow that marked the farthest advance of the british .
` ` in the meadows . ''
swaying out , into empty air , light as a leaf falling or a swallow scything its way over the river meadows , and raising a trembling brush to the deity 's clay face .
hemlock had invaded the meadow ; you had to be careful not to mistake it for the fennel that grew wild here too , that flavoured many of the dishes her cook came up with .
here on the terrace there were a few bees hovering on the rosemary flowers ; there would be more in the meadows , scattering widely in their search .
# # # to buy the complete novel , the man from shenandoah , click here : https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/5269 return to top ride to raton chapter one as soon as james owen heard the spanish priests final amen , he stepped back from the makeshift altar in the colorado meadow and made his legs carry him to the edge of the forest .
carl now sat down on the chair his brothers had used to bring him to the meadow .
the crowd broke up , each man muttering his displeasure as he drifted back toward the meadow .
she pushed her way across the patch of trampled grass in the colorado meadow , trying to get closer to the bridal pair .
she scanned the meadow , craning her neck back and forth .
it had to be swept clean and mildrith and sunniva were sent to the river to collect fresh rushes and aidith to the meadows to pick new flowers to perfume the room .
i indicated to my friends to follow me and then ran south a little way , to where the grass in the meadow was long .
as we crossed the meadow in which the day before edwin , cuthbert and i had fought our first fight , we passed the bodies of the warriors we had slain .
some cattle were grazing in the meadows there .
the small hill we were on gave us the advantage to see a long way and the woods had now become sparser and given way to open meadows , so we could see many miles to the west .
totally alone now , we walked across the fields and meadows , so tired that we did not speak .
then lets turn back behind this little hill and go across the meadow , so that we have the barn between us and the house .
the stage for the tournament was a large , fairly level meadow a few miles from westminster palace , bounded on one side by the thames and disappearing into forest some distance in the south .
finally , they burst out of the shadowy canopy of the trees and into a sunlit meadow .
the unfinished fortress occupied the highest point of the undulating meadow and rushing up to it from below as they were doing , she could see nothing of it but a long , wooden palisade , the top end of each stake carved to a point , with a gate in the center , flung open and full of people .
the land slopes down into a meadow .
richard delamere ran as fast as he could in his bulky , heavy hauberk , up the short incline to where longsword sat on his horse and watched the activity in the meadow with an increasing frown .
longsword and his men had remained hidden to ensure that rhirid would cross enough of the meadow to make a bloodless retreat impossible .
rhirid had built llanlleyn with defense in mindit was on the tallest rise in the meadow , the wall was mounded , packed earth topped with a spiked pallisade and there were blocks at various points along the inside of it upon which an archer could stand and shootbut guri knew it could not hold out very long against a norman force superior in numbers and weapons .
even the men in the meadow who were helping their families settle were armed and alert .
she stood two feet in front of him , looking up at him with eyes as verdant as a spring meadow .
the eidgenossen are meeting tonight and if i am to reach the meadow in time i had best be on my way .
being careful to stay well back of torchlight and the harsh whispers of mens voices , she avoided the main route and made her way in darkness through the forest of straight pines towards the ruetli meadow .
in the meadows center , a low fire burned , illuminating the faces of a dozen men in flickering light .
torches coming up the path , called out one of the two guards standing at the entrance to the meadow .
chapter 14 harvest came quickly that year , and once the crops were in , farmers rounded up their cows , sheep , and goats from the higher meadows where they had spent the summer , and marched them into town .
some in these parts also call it a meadow saffron .
stud him out all you like but anid is not to leave these meadows .
did the guys from lanse aux meadows forget to take their costumes off ?
mrs . saunders said people did nt even bother digging up the giant mounds by lanse aux meadows because folks just assumed they were burial graves and figured the dead were best left alone .
lanse aux meadows .
people talk about how hardy the vikings were , but if you really want to see how tough they were , dress up like one and go stand outside at the settlement site in lanse aux meadows .
the list of scaries rolling meadows pig man confessions the trash menagerie infestation of the third kind individuality anticipation geometry ingrate amber alert my minds eye the wrong place never judge a book the frank diary of anne unlucky in death rotten luck the demon of walkers woods .. oooooo .. its a pleasure to meet you i speak to your children at night while they sleep .
rolling meadows , it says on the sign .
i ask , scrambling to catch up with her , but keeping one eye on the front door to rolling meadows .
we trot across the lawn of ' rolling meadows ' and into the parking lot next door where we can take a minute to relax knowing no one is chasing us down .
as i walk back toward rolling meadowshome for now , i see the ambulance pull away from the back of ' rolling meadows ' .
ambrosius glanced around at the flat river meadows , thick with troops , and the fort on the hill beyond could easily be concealing more warriors .
as he traversed meadow after meadow he began to ask himself some questions which he found that he could not answer exactly in a consolatory manner , under the present state of things .
as he traversed meadow after meadow he began to ask himself some questions which he found that he could not answer exactly in a consolatory manner , under the present state of things .
this was a reasonable enough proposition , and tom eccles at once acceded to it , by stepping out boldly into the partial moonlight , which now began to fall upon the open meadows , tinting the grass with a silvery refulgence , and rendering even minute objects visible .
at the instant sir francis varney sprang forward , and made off at a rapid pace across the meadows .
sir francis varney and marchdale walked for some time in silence across the meadows .
that night carter camped in a roadside meadow beneath a great lygath - tree to which he tied his yak , and in the morning resumed his northward pilgrimage .
after london by richard jefferies chapter ix superstitions felix was now outside the town and alone in the meadow which bordered the stream ; he knelt , and drank from it with the hollow of his hand .
it was a vast meadow of brown and yellow grasses and broken stalks of corn .
josh stared at the house and then walked away , heading for the meadow that lay behind the fenced - in back yard and gesturing for kyra to follow .
they walked the tree line bordering the meadow .
as i ve just said , its nothing but meadows .
it took a few miles , when finally they reached a panned - out , thin rural community far in the distance , and almost immediately after that was in their sights , holly instructed him to make a hard right , then a left , right , left , left ... they were driving through more meadows , forests , land that looked ignored , barren , forgotten ... and then finally to the cliff .
the temple tower above , and the first star winked softly above the meadows across the skai .
and a great grimalkin in a nearby cottage took up the burden and relayed it across leagues of rolling meadow to warriors large and small , black , grey , tiger , white , yellow , and mixed , and it echoed through nir and beyond the skai even into ulthar , and ulthar 's numerous cats called in chorus and fell into a line of march .
all that afternoon the pilgrim wandered on through perfumed meadows and in the lee of gentle riverward hills bearing peaceful thatched cottages and the shrines of amiable gods carven from jasper or chrysoberyl .
she could not go back to these things in the waking world because her body was dead ; but she had done the next best thing and dreamed a small tract of such countryside in the region east of the city where meadows roll gracefully up from the sea - cliffs to the foot of the tanarian hills .
that night carter camped in a roadside meadow beneath a great lygath - tree to which she tied her yak , and in the morning resumed her northward pilgrimage .
arkham is there , with its moss - grown gambrel roofs and the rocky rolling meadows behind it ; and antediluvian kingsport hoary with stacked chimneys and deserted quays and overhanging gables , and the marvel of high cliffs and the milky - misted ocean with tolling buoys beyond .
as the enraptured ichabod fancied all this , and as he rolled his great green eyes over the fat meadow lands , the rich fields of wheat , of rye , of buckwheat , and indian corn , and the orchards burdened with ruddy fruit , which surrounded the warm tenement of van tassel , his heart yearned after the damsel who was to inherit these domains , and his imagination expanded with the idea , how they might be readily turned into cash , and the money invested in immense tracts of wild land , and shingle palaces in the wilderness .
the colleges are ancient and picturesque ; the streets are almost magnificent ; and the lovely isis , which flows beside it through meadows of exquisite verdure , is spread forth into a placid expanse of waters , which reflects its majestic assemblage of towers , and spires , and domes , embreasted among aged trees .
sometimes , indeed , i dreamt that i wandered in flowery meadows and pleasant vales with the friends of my youth , but i awoke and found myself in a dungeon .
# in the morning , i got up and made myself pretty , put together some snacks , and headed out to memory meadows .
a boy had found him in the meadow and embellished a bit among friends .
* * * a gold and green meadow stretched east of antioch , shimmering in the midday sun and breeze .
their black eyes saw none of the meadows rippling color .
on a good day , in season , they would have been galloping through a vast , gold and green meadow that spread from there almost all the way to the road south .
i do not create stories about puppies chasing butterflies around a sunny meadow or anything else sweet , warm , and fuzzy .
at the edge of town the concrete sidewalk gradually crumbled and became a path of dusty clay , and he followed this route beyond the sagging warehouses , beyond the rusted lines of long - abandoned railways , beyond the weed - choked vacant lots and the long - neglected fields , to meadows where clumps of twisted hawthorn and stands of spreading sumac eventually gave way to a dense forest of pine .
then he trudged between the wild meadows and the dark canal until he no longer felt the need to gasp for air , until his mind began to function again and the sumacs and hawthorns , the pale autumn grass , the slanting daylight began to seem real .
but something down there blocked the road and concealed the fenced - in meadows : it bulged on the valley floor like a solid patch of cloud , and it shone with a deep orange hue like a warning flare .
from the mountainside , the land extended westward beyond the trees into slanting meadows , then dipped suddenly to reach more level fields , then fell into a region of hills and deep valleys : three steps , with her farm and her daughters on the second .
like a cool breeze in a meadow .
from hell chapter from the next book : to hell chapter 1 the sun was creeping up the eastern sky peeking over the high oaks and maples keeping the meadow of wildflowers protected from harsh winds and allowing the dew to have a few more minutes to sit .
near the middle of the meadow he finally reached her and , grabbing her by the waist , tackled her to the ground .
how it must look with a meadow in their room .
upon waking , the tree , meadow , grass and flowers had disappeared , leaving only two gold acorns remaining .
the pond in the meadow did n't have fish ; it was always calm .
the house shuddered against it , buffeting like something real and alive , like a cow standing in a meadow .
in the meadows , one could see butterflies .
- julie found herself in a meadow .
the couple had been bound and gagged , stuffed into the caddys trunk and trucked fifty miles outside of town to a spot vincent affectionately referred to as marchetti meadows .
many a dead beat gambler and rival family faction member had been laid to rest within the harsh soil of marchetti meadows .
yeah , kelton agreed sarcastically , waving his hand at the hundreds of yards of meadow and the miles of forest beyond it .
he walked out of the trailer and stopped , astounded at the sight of the crowds filling the meadows around the camp .
they went back to living in the motor home , but their followers began building them a cabin in the nearby meadow .
he d already eradicated a penciled human phallus on a sheep and purged the meadow of a sticker that called for the overthrow of the government .
they were plastered everywhere else in rigorous order on the walls and the ceiling : laughing children , tender - eyed dogs , pine - rimmed lakes , starry skies , piled - up clouds , fondled cats , snow - capped mountains , smiling helena on her swing , russet forests , blue skies , flower - spangled meadows , vineyards , surf on the beach where helena strolled , sailing - boats with pregnant sails , geometric gardens , patchworks of tilled fields , hand - in - hand couples in the forest , sea gulls , roses , wheat fields , birds on flowered boughs , herds of zebras , old bridges , celebrated towers , weddings , blue bays .
later in the day , as he and danielle walked along a meadow inside a park that seemed to stretch endlessly in all directions , he felt her hand slipping away from his .
he began his ascension up a grass covered dike that surrounded a meadow .
how such an endless meadow with the formation of a village existed within a city he was surrounded by was incomprehensible to him .
a large meadow spilt the forest in two .
in the meadow were tomb stones of the dead .
on their way back they reached the meadow , which was just before the final , yet , short stretch of thick trees located before the charles bridge when her wagon wheel cracked and fell off .
evidence indicated that they may have headed down toward tvod , a small village on the opposite side of the meadow .
this close knit and mostly unseen community between the two cities was located just off to the right at the clearance of a meadow near the end of the forest .
the charles bridge , which commuters crossed over to enter into strakona , was just half a mile beyond the meadow .
just off to the left was the meadow .
not long after their first weird encounter , they came to the exit of the forest and into the meadow .
the meadow was also an area people feared .
directly ahead of them was a great meadow that was a long as the eye could see on their left .
she stood in the open meadow dressed in a black , victorian dress with white lace around the edges of the collar and sleeves .
they charged off and drove their horses as swiftly as they could through the great meadow .
by the time the last bird fell , the meadow was littered with so many dead ravens that they were impossible to number .
the three men surveyed the meadow .
up from the fog rose tombstones that covered the entire meadow .
the men watched as an entire meadow of vampires raised up like a stiff board without moving a muscle .
a great silence fell over the meadow .
when clouds finally covered the meadow lightning strikes multiplied by a number so fast that no man could calculate them .
the stair cases on the either side of the meadow which lead to the dimension of the dead were reduced to rubble .
as her death rider drove the horses ever more furiously , they reached a point where they unexpectedly leapt up into the air - just as they had done back at the meadow .
its a gaelic name , which means ; my very own meadow , she enlightened .
they walked leisurely past the barn and through a large meadow where horses grazed peacefully .
a lovely country , too , full of great elms and velvet meadows .
you see the mountain , and hill following after hill , as wave on wave , you see the woods and orchard , the fields of ripe corn , and the meadows reaching to the reed - beds by the river .
clarke found himself idly endeavouring to analyse the sensation , and half conscious , he began to think of a day , fifteen years ago , that he had spent roaming through the woods and meadows near his own home .
but phillips had told his story to the end , concluding : ` ` her flight remains a mystery to this day ; she vanished in broad sunlight ; they saw her walking in a meadow , and a few moments later she was not there . ''
clarke gazed still at the face ; it brought to his memory one summer evening , long ago ; he saw again the long lovely valley , the river winding between the hills , the meadows and the cornfields , the dull red sun , and the cold white mist rising from the water .
it was a joyous morning , and men and women looked at the sky and smiled as they went about their work or their pleasure , and the wind blew as blithely as upon the meadows and the scented gorse .
on the evening of the day which i received phillips ' letter i was at caermaen , and standing beneath the mouldering roman walls , white with the winters of seventeen hundred years , i looked over the meadow where once had stood the older temple of the ` ` god of the deeps , '' and saw a house gleaming in the sunlight .
on the other side was the valley and the river and hill following hill as wave on wave , and wood and meadow , and cornfield , and white houses gleaming , and a great wall of mountain , and far blue peaks in the north .
she was gazing off into the empty night meadow .
when the meadows , flowerbeds , plants , and trees surrounding them had taken on their true mystical properties , when their rose - colored bodies had grown paler and their dark green eyes had shrunken into their skulls , the incubus drelrei began the ritual , the sacrifice which was rebirth .
chariah arose from his bed in the soft mushroom meadows , psilocybic dreams still playing in his brain .
they traded weapons when they came to the meadows of poison sumac , and the necrodelic was punctured while morpheus rex was flogged .
his tattooed flesh bore several bruises from a brief and vicious battle with drelrei and junisia , who had crashed down into a nearby meadow of lavender grass not long after he himself had fallen from the megafiend .
for several months before he died squirrels , birds and other creatures filled the meadow , the trees and many even hung out on the porch .
there was a four - by - four pole in the ground about fifty yards from the buildings , in the middle of a meadow .
elton did not have time to adjust his eyes to the darkness in the meadow behind jeans ' house before he saw a blue light with a human figure in it about fifty yards away .
the meadow was saturated with water and he had to struggle to keep from falling or sinking into the ground like a big rock .
elton came to a meadow and crossed it without incident .
the meadow was level and was n't very wide so it only took him five minutes of careful travel to reach the other side where the forest welcomed him again with its silence .
elton had traveled across the meadow , through two miles of rain - soaked forest , over dozens of decaying tree trunks and waded a raging stream before he finally saw a dim light in the distance .
a large painting of a morning meadow scene was centered on the wall over a mahogany table scattered with cosmetics , crystal perfume holders , a three prong brass candelabra and a small mirror .
chapter 17 she was still there , lying like a baby sheep in a meadow .
the moment i touched him his power flared over me like heat in a summer meadow .
in this dream she and tom gordon were in an old meadow which was now running to bushes and young trees , mostly birches .
there was too much grass - the high green grass you saw in fields or meadows .
this was a meadow , or had been once , a long time ago .
it was a meadow .
people made meadows , just as people planted posts in the ground , posts with ring - bolts on them .
the woods which enclosed the over - grown meadow revolved before her sight the way things did when you were on the merry - go - round at revere beach or old orchard .
before her , all around her , was a meadow so old that it could now pass for just another forest clearing unless you looked closely .
her smile suddenly collapsed into a narrow watchfulness he did n't like much - it was like discovering a deep crevasse almost obscured by summer flowers in the midst of a smiling , jocund meadow .
there was a queer interval of silence , and paul was frightened by what he saw on her face , because what he saw was nothing ; the black nothing of a crevasse folded into an alpine meadow , a blackness where no flowers grew and into which the drop might be long .
it was impossible to tell if the land beneath was tilled earth or open meadow .
he was reaching for the wheels , meaning to pivot the chair so he could roll back to his room , when he realized he was pointed more or less toward the living room , and the living room was where most people kept their telephone and - light bursting in his mind like a flare over a foggy meadow .
now the light in the room did not look dull ; it looked marvellously pure , marvellously full of its own gray and eldritch charm ; he could imagine cranes half - glimpsed in gunmetal mist standing in one - legged silence beside upland lakes in that light , could imagine the mica flecks in rocks jutting from spring grasses in upland meadows shining with the shaggy glow of glazed window - glass in that light , could imagine elves shucking their busy selves off to work in lines under the dew - soaked leaves of early ivy in that light ... oh boy are you stoned , paul thought , and giggled faintly .
again that black look of crevasse ; the batty darkness under the meadow .
the picture was of a flowered meadow and the month said may , but paul kept his own dates now on a piece of scrap paper , and according to his home - made calendar it was june 21 .
what happened when he got to that meadow and turned over the rock ... always assuming the rock was still there ?
powtanville would go and the fireline would march south , destroying houses , villages , farms , crops , meadows , forests .
they were in a small , slanting meadow a thousand feet below sunrise amphitheater .
on the night of september 4 , one day before the contel truck and three days before bobby terry spotted him passing through copperfield , he had camped in new meadows , and a rather unsettling thing happened .
when it comes to getting sick and dying ... '' she looked back toward the large meadow where the last of the children were walking toward the picnic area , sweaty and winded .
the talisman glowed bright blue ... deep red ... yellow ... the green of june meadow - grass .
my mom always said ... my mom always said ... 6 moving as if through thick fog ( though that day in that part of northern california was in fact sunny and dry ) , jack sawyer led richard sloat out of the redwood forest and down a sloping road past dry december meadows .
it hurt your mind .. as he came around the sharp curve in lake lane about half a mile in , schoolhouse meadow was revealed on the left ... except it was n't .
schoolhouse meadow was gone .
schoolhouse meadow was black with sparrows .
the snow lay white and strange between the cove and the mainland , like a sheep 's meadow where there had been only gray and surging water at this time of year since time out of mind .
somewhere far away , in some still meadow of night or along some pine - edged corridor of forest , a dog barked furiously and then fell silent .
but at five , he was well past his puppyhood , when even a butterfly had been enough to set off an arduous chase through the woods and meadows behind the house and barn .
cujo came around more ponderously , his claws digging black meadow dirt , losing some ground at first , making it up quickly .
his coat was plated with brownish - green - mud , as if he had been rolling around in the boggy place at the bottom of the meadow .
the running lights on the train penetrate just barely into the scrub as they pass by it , a scrim of weeds and thorns from which , every so often , she can see the pale faces of the dead watching her progress , as though these rails lead directly to a grim asphodel meadow where the host of the haunted give guidance and pay meet respect to these pilgrims from another place .
his girl of the meadow - all red cheeks and powder skin , a tiara of wildflowers in her hair .
i have been told there was once a garden and a meadow between the house and the shore , where now lie only rubble and straggling seaweed , nobody supposing at the time of building that so much ground should ever be lost .
they did nt know a thing about all its hokum and bunk , the pageant of cowboys , conquistadors and padres , the overgrazed meadows , the monstrous kachinas , the patina of haciendas , the dusty roundups , the stallions stampeding and the fortunes made with massive machines and ball bearings crunching , crunching , all the time crunching the mountains with mighty western hammers , hammers much mightier than any sissy eastern hammers , pounding out ore , pounding by the hour , hour after hour , smashing the ore to smithereens , smelting it and pouring it into wiggling troughs of shimmering bubbles to be skimmed and fired and molded into shining ingots and later to be cast into statues of cattle and cowboys , padres and conquistadors searching ever more for their golden mines , of all of that , of the great meaningless circle of copper , cotton , cattle and commerce and the meager cultural history of their woe - begotten native state , of the larger meaning or lack of meaning of arizona .
as he approached up a little meadow of yellowy weeds , he took off his hat which was also leather , and someone had adorned its band with large teeth .
it was always noon , the air pungent and warm , the meadow thick with flowers .
jade meadows , his probation officer , is new and is not yet ready for this in my view , so i told her i would talk to you first .
jade meadows .
jade meadows was a surprise .
yes , jade meadows i presume .
jade meadows waved tony to the other unoccupied seat in front of her desk while she remained standing .
he thought he could work well with jade meadows however new to the job she was .
the door opened and jade meadows walked in .
mrs meadows smiled and said , that s good kevin .
when he turned back jade meadows was staring hard at him .
tony went back to the office and phoned a delighted jade meadows .
chapter 3 the next morning , sparky watched as the young goats danced about the meadow in the dawn light .
sparky looked over the meadow in the last light of day .
olivers scream echoed over the meadow .
arthaxiom was standing on a grassy meadow .
departure first fit manchester piccadilly d 0912 0938 0950 huddersfield d 0945 1008 1020 dewsbury d 1044 manchester victoria d 0848 blackpool north d 0847 halifax d 0945 1027 leeds d 1017 1025 1038 1048 1054 1058 1107 leeds whitehall d cross gates d 1032 1105 garforth d 1037 1110 1116 east garforth d 1039 1112 micklefield d 1043 1116 south milford d 1120 selby d 1059 1132 brough d 1117 hull d 1135 church fenton d ulleskelf d york a 1043 1100 1112 1119 1136 scarborough a middlesbrough a 1227 newcastle a 1207 1218 slower than hedgehogs , slower than houses slower than cabbages , slower than mouses crawling along like soup in a kettle , all through the cities , the garbage and metal passing the hedgerows flowering bags passing the meadows of cows and old nags passing the waterways brim - full of trollies passing the litter and sticks from ice lollies stopping at points for over an hour failing signals and loss of all power the wrong kind of snow and leaves on the track somebody somewhere should get the sack clickety - clack , clickety - clack this is the night train bringing the mail invoices , catalogues , items for sale , letters and packages tied up with string , yo - yo the boy and his emerald ring travelling on to its last destination the city of york and its railway station .
lagan whatdoyoucall it , meadows .
here , were just by the lagan meadows now .
there was a car park beside it , and the entrance to the meadows was just a few tens of yards further along a path .
contents tiger alpine assignment the road taken skiddlethorpe uneasy assassin command performance svetlana family reunion set a thief ... fantasy a harmless deception fowlers cave about the author cover photograph : linn of tummel , late summer 2012 tiger tom raced down the garden , across the sunken lane and up into the meadow beyond , towards a pond where he had often fished unsuccessfully for newts and tadpoles .
he noted that before the path reached the summit it narrowed to a defile which was bordered by the most precipitous of all pastures : everything here is wild , strange and beautiful : the hill up which winds the path towers above on the right , whilst on the farther side of a profound ravine rises an immense mountain , to whose extreme altitudes the eye is scarcely able to attain , but the most singular feature of this pass are the hanging fields or meadows which cover its sides .
chapter thirteen clarity squinted at the scorching bahamas sun beaming its rays on the island of eleuthera , in order to watch lanai walking down a meadow towards the beach , with flower , cynthia and jenna .
henna shivered and threw another stick at the fire while marvin bobbed around the mountain meadow , looking for more easily gathered firewood .
i ' m already looking for trees on distant mountains , a snoop that seems to be good enough to get by the local trackers , an easy way down off this rock meadow and you want me to watch for berries now too ?
marvin asked as the two of them got the rest of the alpine meadow between them and the witch .
she added absently , looking around the mountain meadow .
the two of them stood in yet another lonely mountain meadow in the sunshine , one of many they 'd visited today .
stepping carefully back from the bush , which had a few flowering branches carefully grafted onto the main stem , she sighed and scanned the meadow around her for signs of mayhem , other traps and any leftover bodies from unwary strangers .
there were a few depressions with clumps of ferns in them scattered in the meadow , but that was about all .
henna mentioned vaguely , still looking around the meadow .
henna sighed and gestured at the clumps of ferns in the meadow .
henna marched across the meadow and tried not to look too closely at the fern patches .
there was a small beaver dam at the far end of the lake where some industrious rodent was trying to flood a meadow .
that grass - seed from the meadow tends to spread out a bit , i ' ve noticed .
she must be fun , adventurous , spontaneous and willing to have hot , crazy sex as often as humanly possible , wherever is humanly possible : beach , mountainside , meadow , closet , wherever .
cut to : int : the meadow 's house .
twenty - one year old ashley meadow sleeps in her bed as her alarm buzzes .
it is ashley meadows .
jack mary - cay beautician , ashley meadows .
i am looking for a young lady named ashley meadows .
reverend wendall meadows sits at his desk doing paperwork .
wendall this is the reverend wendall meadows .
i am trying to reach ashley meadows .
ashley has been ... father meadows rubs the crucifix around his neck as he gasps in horror .
ashley meadows sits at a table with a vast array of makeup , moisturizers , and nail polish arranged before her .
it said , ashley meadows .
reverend wendall meadows sits on the couch with his wife , susan .
from a high vantage point , miles and miles of thick lodgepole forests stretch in every direction , interrupted only by an occasional opening , representing a high mountain meadow , or more recently , the scar of a logging clear - cut .
there 's a great view on top and another meadow on the other side .
he passed through a scrawny wood , entered a meadow crisscrossed with trails , and dropped on a park bench , panting , and breathing in the sweetness of wet grass .
a gang of elderly nude sunbathers marched toward the sunlit meadow wearing cheap see - through rain jackets over nothing but their goose pimples .
beyond the tree - lined meadow , a gleaming half - rainbow stretched above the spires of old town .
some late afternoon park goers strolled through the meadow .
she pointed toward the meadow and trees .
in between the hills and the house there were meadows and fields in different shades of green and dandelion yellow .
they were in a meadow , half a mile from the cemetery .
the trail started out meandering through a meadow , but soon rose steeply up the mountain and then ran for miles along a 200 - foot vertical drop .
in the cool of the morning a mist hung over the lowest parts of the meadow and flowed across the cow path like a ghost .
on our hikes , i would gallop through alpine meadows and stick my nose in rodent burrows .
instead of frisking about in green meadows with lovely ladies , the very first thing you have to do is go call tech support and have a bunch of smelly old organs inserted into your body !
the big picture window looked out onto the meadows and the pond .
the occasion was to ratify the appointment of the new leader of the council of multicoloured meadow .
well enoch , ventured ir , that s why i came here , on behalf of the citizens of multicoloured meadow .
councillor richardson of multicoloured meadow redwood paddock , i see .
sarcasticus exagerus , the mole who was the editor of the daily meadow , had received sniffys text and immediately contacted his pals at speak north tv and wey aye radio .
he acknowledged that the proposed travel to multicoloured meadow carried the chance of an accident on the motorway , or a train crash , but presumably these things were already risk - assessed and therefore factored into their everyday duties .
so it is goodbye to multicoloured meadow then echo , the owl will be ecstatic .
personally , i would do nothing until a legal challenge is actually evidenced from the multicoloured meadow council .
cabinet minister * * sniffy badger , badger , media wheeler dealer * sarcasticus exagerus , mole , daily meadow sean a. bombortwo , mink , cabinet defence * * sebastien pifflereich , ram , f.o.b .
fifty yards beyond the maples , cedars and garry oaks fringing the bottom of our meadow , the sea sparkled blue and serene under the march sun .
i 'd looked at the meadow and the sea and dreamed of going back to the city .
i 'd picked the big room in the northeast corner of the house , with one window overlooking the veranda , meadow and sea and another with a view of the old orchard screening cal 's farm from our house .
he floated onto the veranda and turned to gaze at the sloping meadow and trees which separated our farm from the beach properties below .
he butted my hand with his head and trotted off to examine the meadow , stopping to sniff every second blade of grass .
we strolled down across the meadow , beanbag practically clinging to gareth 's ankles and george , still cautious , keeping a prudent distance .
as we reached the meadow , george came out of the bush behind us , a small bird clamped in his jaws , and streaked for the house .
the drive through the fraser valley was delightful ; dairy cows grazed on green meadows and the smell of fresh cut hay filled my nostrils .
the wet dog shook himself all over me , then fled with its companion down across the meadow and into the bush .
nicky helped , but tried to round up the deer as they moved across the meadow .
the hawk , frightened into fast recovery , flew over the railing toward the meadow .
` ` guess your mints are nt for sharing , '' remarked ava jane , glancing about the great expanse of meadow .
how it ll end : ballads and fairytales tis in the merry season of winter and the wildling ladies are skipping through the meadows , gathering frozen corpses for the fuel .
the brain matter oozing out his ears and into the meadow confirmed it .
i could not dwell forever in peace and safety upon the green meadows of espana , my home .
the dutch name was hooymaand ( hay - month ) , the old saxon oeddmonath ( because the cattle were turned into the meadows to feed ) .
rocks , rivers , trees , meadows , ponds , fields , brooks , clouds , trolls , sprites , fairies , nymphs ( ah , nymphs ) were all seen as wondrous and alive , and human beings felt at home in -- as an integral part of -- this environment .
upon reaching the other end they could observe a spacious , pastoral meadow , with rolling hills covered in odd - looking monolithic flowers , punctuated by a vast forest , beyond which they could see nothing .
the meadow , as far as they could see , was bereft of all but flora , but what odd plant life this was .
a curious chain of events had emerged from bricks past shower experiences : whenever he came to clean the lower half of his left leg the temperature would invariably plummet from summer meadow to arctic winter .
his bare feet rested on a meadow , inside a bubble of perfect atmosphere .
nearby was the youth , sitting with his back to him in the meadow of grass and flowers , gazing up at the stunning vista of cosmic light .
the scenery was extraordinarily beautiful : meadows , fields , forests , streams , all lush and green , filled with flowers , and the stark mountains of the caucasus looming in the background .
the grass dragged at his boots , longer and thicker , and the air carried scents not of man but of meadow .
the trees thinned as the distance unrolled and soon he was passing through lush meadow , vibrant greens and scintillating yellows , each of many hues and shades , the billowing grassland awash with scents and blooms , winged insects , the colour - heaped imagines of once lazy caterpillars .
jerian watched as flowers burst through the tumbled soil and stretched , unfolding leaves and fronds , petals in every shade to compliment the green of the meadow .
jerian proceeded to the ninth , this the last he could see on the rocky plain , the exterior wall seeming to flatten as he neared , to broaden , the suns grouped close , a swelling of hues at his feet as he moved towards the arch that had eluded him for so long , beyond it the future he sought , all possible futures from which crop he had to pluck a single day , a single blade of grass from a meadow as wide and full as the heavens , for in the future lay the ninth world , and it was power .
when the wind was brisk and from the south , he could also pick up the clanging of the bells on the cows and goats in the pastures of m. leschemell and the crying of the ewes of m. constans when their kids were taken from them , in the adjoining meadow , just below the village .
the smell of fresh cut hay told him that m. grenier , who still wore sabots in the fields , had been mowing the meadow nearest to the churchyard since shortly after the angelus had rung .
easy meadow auto sales .
and if you dammed it and denied it its proper motion downstream then this grass meadow would be asked to hold all that water and it would be forced to change .
he let out a holler and ran across the grassy meadows to the glaciers melting at the edges and feeding little lakes .
later he d range further , paying attention to the timbre of flowing streams of melted snow , the arrangement of small and large glaciers and meadows , places where the trees had burned and fallen covered with lichen and moss , making a map in his mind .
from east to west on the plateau meadows dipped and rose in gentle rises but on the north and south the way down was steep and treacherous .
three clear rushing mountain streams pooled in a hidden valley and then meandered in wide curves through a meadow filled with wild flowers , before falling from this exquisite ledge down through a rocky canyon and on into the world beyond .
the women , wily and wary , did not build their creek - stone shelter in the meadow where the structures could be seen from below and above but nestled it instead inside the sloping crevasse down which the largest of the three streams rushed and sang its way to the river and thence to a far off sea .
so they took what the beavers left and built their rustic structure that served both as a bridge and a place to get in out of the rain and snow after the pole roof had been covered with mats woven from the meadow grasses .
the crops now grown in the meadow were planted , cultivated and harvested by everyone and each family given its share according to the number of mouths that needed feeding .
it was as if those other realities had fallen off the edge of the earth into a great void and he was trapped in a future that multiplied the cruelties of the king in numbers that could be comprehended only by comparing them to the stars in the sky or the blades of grass in the meadows .
and when the church bell across the floating meadow rings the pulse of the world awake , it is only a few dazed seconds before the alarm clock drags you back from drowning , painfully restores you to wakefulness , and your dream , like a ghost , flees in the light of day .
i peer below towards the shifting lands and the pastures and meadows blister like skin pressed against a hot skillet .
i 'll pursue solitary pathways through the pale twilit meadows , with only this one dream : you come too .
it looks like caves and meadows , lights and darks , cold and warms , assonance and dissonance .
and i realise it 's her that 's alone , the way her voice trails and loses itself in the emptiness , far away on her own mountain meadow , crying into the canyons .
running through meadows , that 's how this has all been for me .
i turn the music back up and sing along as we roll down the back roads of south dakota , past fields and meadows with horses running wild .
the next three sites are empty , and then there s one with a small grassy meadow next to the fire pit .
he could look at a piece of ground , a meadow or a corner of a yard , and see what it could be .
after a couple of minutes , he gets up and takes a gilt - framed picture of mike and evie standing in a meadow in khaki shorts and polo shirts .
so many different kinds of wild flowers i had seen , some in open meadows , some hidden in shadows , many along streams , some in high , dry country .
reassured by the emptiness of the meadow , gene withdrew his hands from his coat pockets , stripped off the gloves and unzipped his coat .
he turned back to stare at the woods that bound the east end of the meadow and knew with a sudden deep calming assurance that in seven seconds khloes blond hair and perfect ruddy cheeks would , shyly , slyly , peek out from behind a tree trunk .
he imagined himself back on the bench looking across the meadow .
in retribution , she gleefully jumped on the coat before running around it twice , then veering off left and right , like a short - tailed kite toward the woods at the end of the meadow .
in an unconsidered moment of moral courage , gene turns his vision from his granddaughter under the bush to stare back up stream , stare past the rocks , stare hard until he sees a man , alone on a bench , alone in a meadow , absorbed with the turbulence of his guts and unaware that his granddaughters life , as his own , is now lost .
they had their ranch built on a meadow of rolling high prairie right out of a movie .
why else would he leave such an elegant animal unguarded in this meadow ?
i shall permit thy passage through my lords meadow , but do nt delay to act upon this favor .
lancelot showcased his chivalrous training by escorting me to the highest bluff within this meadow .
i now understand what has brought you to this meadow .
after i blinked my eyes again , the valiant knight vanished behind an opaque mist that permeated the meadow where i stood .
an enormous tent was pitched at the midway of a grassy meadow , providing a greeting point for those who may have refrained from such cordialities since the last celebration .
did you ever have desiree meadows in class ?
how sad for desiree meadows .
then , after securing my own stealth , i inadvertently noticed desiree meadows standing somewhat lackadaisically outside the gymnasium on the hallways opposite side .
seventh period almost commenced without any further distractions , but as i passed a breezeway en route to my next class , i noticed desiree meadows standing alone beside a water fountain .
fireflies flickered in patches of flowery sedge along a river that unfurled like a muddy sleeve through a meadow .
right now , in the midst of this emotional chaos , his proximity to desiree meadows struck me as a decisive act of condescension .
i may be ill , i proceeded , but i d have to be decomposing in my grave in order to leave here knowing that i did nt try to stop you from pursuing your seduction of desiree meadows .
i m sure desiree meadows will fill in the rest of the details at the appropriate time .
do you know where desiree meadows is at this very second ?
he was walking hand in hand with his beloved wife along a perfect gravel pathway through a beautiful meadow .
the sculpture featured a girl and a boy of maybe 10 years playing in a meadow .
some of them shit here as they would in the meadows and hills .
they owned a few hundred acres of mountain meadow and woodland high up in the cybelline mountains , where no road led , only a meandering secret trail .
when his eyes could focus again there was a young man and a young elf maid standing in a meadow .
that night heather dreamed of a soft meadow with a tall grass that knew how to bend without the help of wind .
until a seedling one day , miles away it seemed , but only farther down the now meadow , until one day she grew from seedling to sapling to slender trunk and slight of branch .
she smells like summer blossoms in the middle of a meadow .
her hair smelled like a meadow .
i turn my head and smell the familiar meadow of her hair , and it takes all my might to keep from dipping my nose straight into it .
i want to lay my head against kara 's breasts one last time and fall asleep to her scent while pretending i ' m in a meadow .
william had brought tea for the two of them , and ruth was now sipping hers while julian looked out the window at the green meadow of a garden behind his lab .
young girls here for the summer with the livestock ; cows , white and black , and white and brown , all content to chew and dream their cow dreams all night , dotting the dewy meadow from the cottages all the way down to the lake .
then i filled with a million little shudders as every cell seemed to notice a new song , a higher reed , the midsummers night and the mist and the sleeping cows in the meadow , and the cuckoo far away and i think i just vanished for the duration of the song , which seemed to last and last and fill the church from far beneath it in the frozen dirt all the way to high above it into the stars , and still he played this song , hands and feet , i could hear him move by the organ somewhere above me , soles hitting the wooden keys by his feet , fingers hitting and clicking the many keys meant for more hands than we have , and still he played and still i had ceased to be .
now there was nothing but white meadow where the lake had been .
three steps saw us leave the kitchen and madhuris house , and not so many more saw us enter the sloping meadow of the swiss summer .
athansor looked at me , but said nothing , then trotted off down the meadow , tail whisking happily behind him , and then he was gone .
skipping the patent search , they set out to re - invent sex , using the woods , mountainsides , meadows , and even bigfoot cave as their lab , experimenting with theoretical constructs like true love and forever without reading the instructions .
he feared her disappearance around every turn , but kept up somehow , following the trail downstream , then away from the creek to a place where the terrain flattened to a broken meadow interspersed with clumps of trees killed by disease , insects or marshy soil .
they rounded a thicket of brush and chris found himself inside a ring of dead trees standing at skewed angles , the glen carpeted by clumped meadow grass , spongy with moisture .
not since last night in the meadow .
he d met willa in the meadow every night it was nt raining , and in the cave when it was .
* * * that evening , chris discovered willa curled up asleep in the meadow on the blanket they d stashed there .
they d been so happy together in the meadow .
on a wide , easily accessible meadow they built a retreat and sanctuary which has since become mashipan 's face to the world .
stars were glowing all across the dark sky as we stumbled through the meadow to the car .
they continued the rest of the way through the town unmolested , the darkness was drawing in as they found a grassy meadow .
this time of year the meadows were speckled with colorful , fragrant wildflowers , but instead of the wind - swept scent of grass and flowers , a sickening burnt odor overwhelmed sashas senses .
in moments two ponies came galloping down a path from a meadow bordering the forest .
they left their ponies and set off at a quick pace on a trail leading downhill to the edge of the meadow , now buried beneath roman soldiers and equipment .
before they reached the meadow a roman soldier stepped out from behind a tree with his sword drawn , yelling , halt !
galloping down the path , across the meadow and into a safe pocket around sasha and alexei created by the stench of the oil that they had now wiped onto their arms and legs , the ponies skidded to a halt .
the meadow seemed to have been kissed by a rainbow and flecked with white flowers glowing like captured starlight amidst the explosion of color .
with a deep , knowing smile , the woman extended her hand to amelia and they walked hand - in - hand on a soft path through the meadow .
as amelia and matthew opened their eyes , they found themselves standing in a wildflower strewn meadow in the midst of the most exquisite beauty either of them had ever seen .
mountains stretched above a forest of glimmering aspen and fragrant pine trees , and a crystal clear stream wound its way through a grassy meadow where fruit trees could be seen in the distance .
together , they walked through a meadow dotted with wildflowers of every color imaginable , then splashed through a stream before taking a path to a small settlement nestled deep in a forest of aspen and cedar trees .
he never got to be a young boy and play in the woods and meadows or fish in the creeks .
my blue notebook hung on a nail next to one of rivers paintings of a meadow .
a group of kids started making a snowman in the meadow , and evelyn tugged me out onto the stage as they pretended jack was parson brown .
as she sang about a snowman in a meadow , i tugged her hand .
the day after she arrived back at home in topaz , constances father bid her to come out riding with him in the meadows a short ways north of the palace .
the two of them clicked to their horses and took off into what became an outright race through the meadows .
when the sun had made its way over to the west , queen grace was sitting before one of the windows in her quarters , looking out at the meadows north of the palace .
having donned one of her work cottons , constance had ridden out to the meadows alone , and she was now on foot , participating in almost frenzied races .
her mother was sitting in a chair close in front of the window looking directly out toward the meadows to the north , and constance pulled up another chair , sitting right beside her mother , leaning over to kiss her cheek .
the two women only watched the fading view of the meadows for a while , and then constance breathed in deeply , coming out with , i m in love with staid , grace .
the strength of my limbs as i had run through the meadows and raced past the orchards , the beating of heart and bursting lungs my only concern ah , all cast that day into the prison of memory , and my spirit limped feebly within .
lush , tall forests , green meadows and bountiful gardens covered the island .
like a fawn leaping into the meadow .
two of the townsfolk related their crossing his path as he walked briskly toward the meadows , where flocks of sheep and herds of goats and deer abide .
so he remained in the rolling meadows , perhaps in body and perhaps only in spirit .
perhaps no other ever took in his view , i know not , but often i imagined it : seeing all at one time the islands beaches to the west , the moors to the east , the vast expanses of northern timber and the waving grasses of the meadows , and four rivers as well winding through the breadth of the panorama .
many considered the meadows a rough backwoods , though the waving grasses , cool trees and mirrored pools would appear like heaven itself to one who had not seen and could not compare the kings courtyards and gardens .
to marie afton ` ` re - re '' hamel , my maternal grandmother , and jessica wolf henderson , my first wife , who were both instrumental in helping me to begin my journey as a creative writer and to whom i dedicated the first edition of this book in 1997 . finally , to fithian press , my original publisher , and to oak meadows press , my redux publisher for the digital stage , and to jennifer wilson and evan jones for their careful proofreading of the e - version .
looking ahead , i saw relief at last sunlight on a grassy meadow .
i stumbled up the unstable bank to the edge of the meadow .
she took my hand and we dawdled down the track back to the meadow .
i thought of her warm salty sweat on the tip of my tongue , and the picture her breasts made , rising and falling after a sprint across the meadow .
how i longed for the enclosing arms of the girl of 66 , the girl in the mountain meadow .
transiently i conjured up a meadow , a warming summer sun bathing desiccated grass .
it reminds me of the travers valley , the meadow where we often camped and played together as kids .
a corrugated meadow lay before me .
on a clear day , i would have been able to see our meadow , thousands of feet below .
and then the river crossing to the meadow .
thinking of the meadow brought to mind isobel .
yes , she too had remembered the meadow .
even so , my gaze was centred on the meadow , where i imagined it might be .
we were closing in on it again - the riverside meadow .
straightening up , i gazed across the river to the meadow , it was dank and wet looking , the tussock grasses bent over under the weight of collected water .
the meadow was only metres away .
i staggered under the weight of nostalgia - the young isobel and a warm sparkling meadow .
then in a moment my paralysis resolved and i wrenched my way up onto the riverbank , jettisoning my pack at the old campsite , to race down the meadow towards an orange disc that indicated the track .
i was almost back at the meadow .
once he was dry and a roaring fire was set , i went across the meadow to locate my pack where i had dumped it .
but first i slowed to a languid walk and diverted into the middle of the meadow , amid a renewed tumultuous downpour .
they had a full day planned for themselves as they played two rounds of miniature golf and once again went for a horseback ride through the yellow meadows beside the lake .
on a hill overlooking a valley near the lodge is a large meadow that austin had taken katherine to many times for their private picnics .
it was in that meadow that austin gave her that anniversary necklace because that is where they were going to spend the rest of their lives .
their travels on horseback led them unintentionally to a large yellow meadow overlooking a valley that seemed familiar to kaylee although she knew she had never been there before .
after a few minutes of just taking in the view they turned and walked towards the tree line that lined the back of the meadow ; it was then that she spotted the tree and this place became totally familiar to her .
this was the meadow that her grandmother told her about that austin had chosen to build a dream home for katherine .
no , i ve never been here but i heard about it from my grandmother and knew this was the place as soon as i saw the meadow and the tree .
so much time in fact that this is where they were going to build their dream home , right in this meadow overlooking the valley .
they turned and sat down side - by - side against the tree looking out over the meadow .
i travelled out to the meadow today , which you probably already know , and i saw the tree that you carved your name into with kate .
that place is such a beautiful spot and i can see why the two of chose that meadow to be the place you would build your home together .
before they knew it they found themselves in the same meadow they were in yesterday overlooking the valley .
i ca nt believe were back at the meadow again , she said as she let go of his hand and went running into the field of knee - high yellow grass .
he pointed in the direction of the tree as they both looked across the meadow .
before dan could even focus on what she was talking about he started walking to catch up with her as she moved across the meadow .
she knew a nice long walk alone was what she needed and decided to walk around the lake and into the woods towards the meadow .
she had reached the edge of the woods overlooking the meadow of yellow grass that swayed side to side in the gentle breeze .
glancing over at the inscribed tree , she walked to the edge of the meadow where a large boulder protruded from the ground overlooking the valley below .
the undulating hills , the overgrown wildflowers and the brown fences that demarcated meadows : a quiet place in the country where troubled minds could rest .
the path soon opened up into a shallow meadow .
he followed the draw to the creek , waded in the creek to prevent leaving tracks , and then followed it downstream for about an hour , to where the creek had a wide tree - covered meadow on the left and a tall limestone cliff on the right .
then he crawled outside and sat on the rock ledge in front of his cave , enjoying the sunset and watching the animals playing in the meadow across the stream from his cave .
the trees in the meadow created a park - like appearance .
high , thin clouds reflected the rays of the setting sun , and a pink light illuminated the clouds giving the trees in the meadow a magical glow .
after the meal , they sat on the rock ledge and watched the animals playing in the meadow until the sun set in a golden display of colors .
the ranch does nt have enough money to hire and maintain enough vaqueros to move the herd to the high meadows in the summer , and then drive them back to the rich grassland along the river in the winter .
they rode through fertile river - bottom land with grassy meadows , reminding sage of the meadow across the creek from his cave .
they rode through fertile river - bottom land with grassy meadows , reminding sage of the meadow across the creek from his cave .
juanita and i have seen herds of deer , elk , and antelope in the meadows .
many an evening i watched the animals in the meadows across the creek from my cave .
herds of antelope grazed in the meadows .
he rode through canyons , meadows , mountains , and he saw places where nothing indicated that men had ever been .
herds of antelope and elk grazed in the meadows .
sometimes he missed the evenings watching his little animal friends playing in the meadow .
he sat beside his cave and watched the animals playing in the meadow .
all summer long , i rode bareback through meadows filled with tiger lilies , salt spray roses and local wildflowers .
felicia kirk could ride bareback through the wildflower meadows of block island , recite whittiers poems by heart and schmooze with politicians , but she was still nothing more than a crotchety fact , never a sublime truth .
the hawk resurfaced , hovering lower now over a grassy meadow rimmed with maples and pine that bordered the cloverleaf stables .
her feelings were eased by seeing the party in the meadow disperse .
the meadows must be all laid together , of course ; very pretty meadows they are , finely sprinkled with timber .
the meadows must be all laid together , of course ; very pretty meadows they are , finely sprinkled with timber .
everyone would pile into the passenger van and travel to a different destination ; a city street , a town market , a bus terminal , an orchard , a meadow , or a forest ravine .
one morning , laura raised a huge flock of red wings from the meadow and the twisting black plane suddenly was crimson epaulets soaring in military formation .
the grass in the meadow turned green , as did the woodland moss , and then yellow coins of dandelion flowers scattered their treasure through the pastures .
the stage was set in the meadow behind the garages where the hay had already been cut and the great round bales grouped on their sides together , a plywood floor bolted together on top of them .
there was a natural clearing by the beach , a little meadow perfect for a house .
ian spent the next hour and a half crashing around through the bush surrounding the lake and the meadow with tom and amanda who were the only ones willing to fight the mosquitoes with him .
two hundred yards deeper , we discovered a meadow where we cleared out a spot for lunch .
i think a cow bell clanking is one of the world 's saddest sounds , even if it 's tied on a cow in a beautiful , grassy meadow , but especially when you hear it clank in an empty dress shop when you 're a kid and you would rather be playing in a park .
i could scatter them wildly over great open places , great golden meadows and gather them in the gloom .
mrs . mcsweeney located a outcropping of rocks overlooking a meadow and was scanning the brush and foliage with her eagle optics birding binoculars .
up ahead mrs . mcsweeney was waving her binoculars over her head , indicating that she had finished studying the meadow and was continuing on down the trail .
they chose a soul mate , a life partner , and went romping through the fields and meadows .
he led the way back out into an open meadow carpeted with cornflowers , chicory , ivory - colored babys breath and snapdragon .
on the far side of the meadow a muddy trail half - buried in undergrowth led back down to the water .
before reaching the street , the woods emptied out into an open meadow speckled with wildflowers , the honey - colored grass in some places waist high .
twittering as they careened drunkenly through the early morning sunshine , a scattering of chickadees was flitting through the lower branches of the pine trees that rimmed the meadow .
and they rode out of the woods and then into the meadow to the end of the world , and then straight into the sky .
sunlit meadows appeared round about , on which barefoot lasses stepped through the grass with shiny milk pails , while further away from the villages young guys swung scythes .
only the fat meadow farmer stood imperiously in the gateway to his stately house and smoked in the sweat of his brow from the bowl of his large meerschaum pipe .
good day , neighbor , she said as she reached out her hand to the meadow farmers , it is so hot that the hairs catch fire on ones head !
yes , yes , meadow farmer , you can really laugh , but what should become of us if this keeps continuing !
the meadow farmer did not let his little shrewd eyes leave from her .
but , and he ran his hand over the silver buttons of his red waistcoat , my daughter is only my daughter , and the meadow farmers daughter could do better .
well , meadow farmer , said the woman shyly , you are one of the new believers !
now , now , maren , said the meadow farmer , you do nt need to call up a witness against your father , from my mouth to you , a mouse could not bite off a small fragment .
the mayor looked out into the open daylight , meanwhile , leaning on his long cane ; and his sharp eye saw a white dot floating in the depths of the glowing sky , or he wished it only and therefore believed he had seen it , and smiled guilefully and said , may it do you good , dear meadow farmer , that andrew is always a hearty lad !
soon thereafter , while the meadow farmer and the mayor were sitting together in the formers living room over bills , maren walked to the other side of the village street with mother stine into her little chamber .
the meadow farmer , who slept in the alcove of the living room , must have been awaken thereby , because his snoring , which had just been penetrating through all the walls , suddenly stopped .
oh , she called , on what beautiful meadow are we ?
on no meadow , maren , but just drink ; it will strengthen you !
my father still has half the hay out in the meadows , and i go out and want to make it rain !
as she approached it , she noticed that the flooring was not like she saw it in her village church , with stone slabs , but everywhere was covered with dried reeds and meadow plants .
i gave her my meadow honey , and that was the last gift that a person has received from my hand .
said the meadow farmer , who stood in the door gateway of his stately home with his meerschaum pipe .
maren and andrew were the bride and groom ; behind them went hand in hand mother stine and the meadow farmer .
the mirror of cyprianus the counts palace really it was a castle was exposed on the height ; ancient pines and oaks projected with their tops out of the depths ; and over them and the forests and meadows that spread out below the mountain lay the spring sunshine .
he indeed left his horse to be led out of the stall in order to ride with his thoughts out into the heath , but not in order to cry out jubilantly over the meadow and lake .
as this proud woman looked out over the surrounding wall to the forests and meadows lying below , he said warily : kuno will accede to a beautiful domain when he comes into his own years .
at this moment came both the boys flying forward on their horses on the meadow which lay in the depths below the little garden .
if we had strolled that day between meadows and cornfields or even rode with the children in the nearby forest , in the evening there stood ready for us a very cozy tea table , at which one or the other neighboring landowners would make an appearance .
let your body sway and swing to the tune of paradise coming soon just listen to this lovely lady sing reaching me there was music in the meadow a girl with flowers in her hair but i passed by on the highway you know i did nt seem to care when she called my name much later in a paris night life trance she held out her hand to me but i did nt know how to dance with one so kind and graceful with one so kind and pure i left her , no i ran from her not wanting the simple cure she was reaching in the night from fright for just one soul that she could trust it seems to me - she s dancing wild on the sea like each and every one of us like each and every one of us a childhood misgiving comes to me through this mellow air breaking my sweet intoxication driving me to despair for the love of a lifetime is nothing more than the love of now again i see her reaching out again i do nt know how the things that mean so little could grow so large and bold in the crazy minds of children locked out in the cold reaching in the night from fright for just one soul they can trust it seems to me they re lost on the sea like each and every one of us like each and every one of us still there is a silence few dare to comprehend for it is deeper than the darkness of a soul that will not mend and yet its not too far off from any of us standing in the forest nobody thought that s the problem i guess shed be the one to walk out like she did she made a scene yeah it was so ugly it was beautiful but you had to know someone would have the guts to silence you in time and she s standing in the forest trying to put to death all those things you taught her all the smart things you said since she was very young in your school , your lovely school but still she s not completely free for she hears what you d say here and so can not see the forest for the trees and back in the classroom though she s not there in spirit a hundred drowsy zombies pretend that they do nt hear it this buzzing in your words or the song in their hearts yes she just said bury the dead and it was poetry in motion a case of god in love perfect art and she s standing in the forest trying to put to death all your fine observations all the witty things you said since she was very young now she s forgetting every one as she stares up at the stars a dim and dying voice stutters no , no , the human eye ca nt see that far but she sees farther than you thought or did you ever think ?
he visualized their route through gorges and waterfalls , alpine meadows , quiet pine groves that darkened the surface of the water , and on to the central valley , the reedy wetlands , and finally the brackish bay .
in her mind instead was the image of the funky little motel , the clean and unnecessarily wide streets of fivespot , and the noisy crowds of blackbirds foraging in the meadows that edged the road into town , fluttering upward and then settling again like a flapped blanket as cars rolled by .
when school ended , they spent their days fishing and riding their bikes , exploring creeks and meadows , chasing birds , and carving their initials into trees .
we wound through the woods , the snow a bit tighter , out into meadows , the snow vacillating from blown to a shallow depth with fast progress , to deep , light snow .
you could take long rejuvenating walks in endless meadows and not get tired .
he saw bighorn sheep grazing in a meadow and snow in july .
increasingly , i rode my bicycle to empty desolate spotsto bleachers of an empty fairground or an open meadow where the god of such sacrosanct trysts and assignations allowing peace of mind waited for me .
the wedding took place in a meadow full of wildflowers and she had other men that wished to marry her , believe me , she was the loveliest girl in the camp , by far the prettiest , but i was the most sympathetic to her need to stay on a strictly macrobiotic diet , which , by the way , would go a long way toward curing your acne and your greasy hair , but now my wife does nt understand me , he complained , whispering at me in a sing - song voice , his head bobbing to an internal rhythm .
the entire senior officer corps was invited on a very fine day to the rtli , the meadow on which the legendary oath of the rtlischwur was pledged in 1291 , which marked the foundation of the old swiss confederation .
and within that joy was a melody , more beautiful than all the rest , that had waited for eternity to speak to the world through her and was simply waiting for her to learn its language , to learn how to speak it ... . she had listened to that melody , over and over again , in the open meadows of her spirit , as she slept , as she played with friends , as she watched the birds above her house , as her mother held her close .
he pronounced meadow as meedow and when i repeated the word at my first declamation in school the teacher laughed so raucously that i wet my shorts in terror .
it was adorned by flowerywallpaper , pictures of distant meadows andvalleys , a vase of plastic flowers on each formica covered tableand plastic chairs secured firmly to the floor as a precaution againsttheft .
she squeezed my hand , and i could only agree that the fields and meadows stretching out ahead of us presented a truly inspirational view .
he pointed over a meadow where deer were frolicking with rabbits and skunks to an imposing sign reading : sold to the lambdeth & houndswich mutual assurance society .
the meadow extended until it reached a line of deciduous trees , weeping willows and bull - rushes on the banks of a gently running river where water rats , otters and frogs played in the water and a family of swans glid by in stately procession .
a crossroads pointed the way to innumerable destinations : honeysuckle wood , cowslip meadow , dandelion green , and , less rustically the suburbs .
meadow flowers , like cow parsley and nettles , were being grazed by the occasional elk or aurochs .
her sense of direction had not failed her , as we soon approached the glimmerings of light in a patch of wood through which we emerged from the arboreal shadow to the unbroken blue of sky in a meadow along a valley similar to where we d been earlier .
and he loved the power , knowing that with the snap of his fingers , he could impose a curfew , have a man hanged , or send the strains of kerry owen gently through the city 's open windows , across meadows , through the military tent city he had erected on the banks of shoal creek .
leaner could see charles in the meadow walking a few people around , pointing here and there .
people were milling about everywhere , and when charles and jean reported their news to the household that the kid was not asleep in one of the cars , dorothy doolin could be heard from across the meadow , acting as if the kid 's bear - claw - riddled body had turned up in a clump of brush .
leaner and vernon walked across the meadow together before parting , but it was time enough for vernon to recollect two additional horror stories , one about a skier who had broken both legs above the knees ten miles from the nearest telephone , covering the distance in three days by pulling himself along over rocks and bushes hand over hand , mile by mile .
he was only a few yards from the meadow but the house was already obscured from view .
the first location i found was an old stand - alone carvel store in east meadow .
the initial target restaurant on merrick avenue in east meadow was a hugely successful carvel location for over 30 years .
the plan was for the first organic nation location in east meadow to be cash flow positive be the end of year two , but the old lightning in a bottle theory quickly took hold .
lets meet at the organic nation in east meadow , brad said to amanda as he made his daily rounds to the various locations .
they found a meadow where long , dry grasses bent and shivered in the wind .
the scent skirted a meadow and then plunged into a deep wood .
the road continued to rise about a half mile , then turned back and descended 250 feet into a fairly large meadow -- completely hidden from the public road -- continuing to a farmhouse and other structures matching the citizens description .
they were nt so far off for the officers to disregard , however , and separately both officers considered their vulnerability to a sniper from the woods above the meadow .
a light frost the night before left a sparkling rime on asters and goldenrods of the river meadows .
the three of them set off over the meadow in the approach to the building .
all but the three pale blue - suited forensics people left , and they could now embark on an uninterrupted and thorough examination of the building and surrounding meadow .
as renton was returning to the walk , he cut across the meadow to where eva had indicated the next descent point .
it was out in the country on two hundred acres of peaceful streams and wooded meadows .
ambre returned monday after competing in the u. s. open in flushing meadows , new york .
clearly , sarah meadows does nt have to work .
chapter ten bill meadows walks through the door from the garage into his kitchen and is surprised to find sarah standing at the sink , looking out into the garden , apparently staring at something in her mind .
mr . messick , i ' m sarah meadows , health correspondent for the arizona tribune newspaper .
my name is sarah meadows .
seeing as how it 's almost four on a friday afternoon , we 'll recess until monday at nine a.m. chapter thirty - three bill meadows is seated on the sofa in the living room watching the six oclock news on gnn .
sarah walks through the door to the garage into the meadows kitchen , carrying a number of packages in her arms .
sarah meadows , born sarah noyes in greenwich , connecticut , 1967 , was accustomed to the finer things in life .
copyright 2008 , 2010 by l & g productions , llc chapter one february , 2012 on november 1 , 2011 , the arizona tribune ran an article in their sunday feature section telling the story of sarah meadows , a health writer for the paper who lost her brother to aids in 1990 .
sarah meadows stands in the open doorway to her boss office .
paula , its sarah meadows .
sarah attachment : health matters by sarah meadows today , and for the next few weeks , this column will be devoted to the true - life stories of those who have been diagnosed hiv - positive and how it has affected them , their families , and their lives .
is this sarah meadows ?
sarah attachment : health matters by sarah meadows this is the second in a series of true - life stories of those diagnosed hiv - positive , and how it affected them , their families , and their lives .
could i speak to dr . meadows , please ? ...
sarah attachment : health matters by sarah meadows this is the third in a series of true - life stories of those diagnosed hiv - positive , and how it affected them , their families , and their lives .
mr . campbell , my name is sarah meadows , and she hands him a business card .
have you read it , miss ... meadows ?
for a lot of reasons , miss meadows , some of which i wo nt discuss .
agreed , miss meadows .
this is sarah meadows .
i try not to miss noticing beautiful women , miss meadows .
that s not an easy question to answer , mrs . meadows .
it has to do with the way antibodies work , mrs . meadows .
mrs . meadows , let me put it this way : until such time as the hiv tests are changed , removing all the proteins that react with non - hiv antibodies , or until such time that the world wakes up to the fact that hiv is not the cause of aids and forgets all about this harmless little retrovirus , most hiv - positives are going to have to resign themselves to their test results and rise above them .
do nt we all , mrs . meadows .
sarah attachment : health matters by sarah meadows this is the last in a series of true - life stories of those diagnosed hiv - positive , and how it affected them , their families , and their lives .
what s important is what they say ; and every word that is said in testimony from all the witnesses in this fictitious trial , or in conversations with health reporter sarah meadows , is indisputably true and factual and based on over 500 published scientific and medical papers , along with documented news stories , books , and other publications .
* * * at areyoupositive.org , you will find the list of questions for dr . robert gallo handed to sarah meadows by mr . campbell in chapter twenty - six .
* * * sarah meadows , of course , was also the heroine in my first book , wrongful death : the aids trial .
it was late sunday afternoon and i had jogged across benton 's meadow , pushing through the bush , jumping up onto that big grey rock that juts out over the pond .
it was a typical saturday morning in july , hot and humid , and i crossed the meadow and headed for cleaver 's pond .
did n't it run across that old dirt road the other side of benton 's meadow , across blair road , on the way to gobles ?
norah fenton , beautiful gal , simple , always helpin ' others , always bright ' n ' cheery , ca n't say she had a single enemy , yet there she was , killt dead in the meadow crosst from shulley 's farm , raped , clothes torn right off . ''
a quarter mile later we emerged onto the edge of a twenty - two - acre manicured meadow , made more impressive by its contrast with the wild forest we 'd just driven through .
after a mile or so the track stopped in a small grassy meadow ; i pulled alongside the trees and we all piled out of the car .
she was also their local gardener - extraordinaire , with a thumb greener than a meadow in summertime .
when the trail opened to the field , she cantered across the soft meadow grass , her eye on the trailhead .
there was another piece up in carolina he could look into but , although it had waterfalls and forest , it too lacked the added beauty of open meadows and of course , the natural springs .
as nick jogged through the tall meadow grass , ernies cabin came into sight .
for you , my dear , ill plant a whole meadow of the stuff , he said .
he would catch the metro to the meadow well .
his mate pete lived in meadow well , and he had put a holdall in petes shed after the first police interview .
it was actually a beautiful meadow covered with dry grass waving gently in the wind .
they had reached the bottom of the meadow , and hardy turned the plane again so they could take off into the wind .
` ` this is gillian meadows .
miss meadows has taken a year off from study , but she proposes to rejoin the post - graduate course this year . ''
` ` miss meadows wants to specialise in the bronze age and later stone age .
` ` i do n't know , '' he said , ` ` but perhaps you 'd better fetch gill ... miss meadows . ''
they collected their bags from the conveyor belt , wandered through an empty customs check and went out into the main hall to see a man holding a piece of card with ' la senorita meadows ' on it .
` ` yes , the rather large one of the meadow at sunrise . ''
the allocated meadow was dotted with army issue tents and ringed with high , wired fencing .
she lay her head against his chest , and he drew her in closer , the setting suns gleam gilding the edges of the birch leaves , sending a golden frosting across the meadow .
we of maul know that any battle fought at the dales of comorus will in no time come to the meadows of maul except we forge our strength together .
he had led me through the fields to where the meadow ended and the vista below became an endless tableau of aqua sea and blue sky .
a few rusty pieces of old farm equipment had been abandoned in the meadow , like skeletal remains of a stripped carcass .
it could nt have been more than a mile or so from pineapple bay ranch to this open meadow .
does this mean ill be out there by myself , tiptoeing through the meadow muffins and cow pies ?
butterflies flitted from flower to flower in the bucolic meadow .
i also sat through an uninteresting tea with the birdlike lennie ree meadows and her giggling niece .
feeling unusually generous toward our chatty neighbors , i dismissed their queries with benign and vague answers but rewarded ( or distracted ) the quivering ms . meadows with my happy newsuncle louis was on his way .
i giggled to myself thinking of my uncle louis married to the nervous lennie meadows .
i did not mind at all the thought of being a serene , contented jersey in a highland meadow , breathing in the fresh breezes , nibbling on heather flowers and soaking in the joy of living .
they floated , delicately , speckling the surface , turning the area near the boat into a radiant meadow .
that many poor people , mcfergus thought , and sheep in the meadow and grouse in the forest .
we are turning left into the middle of a knee - high yellow and green meadow patch of colorful wildflowers , too .
its the males that look to roam when not completely fulfilled that makes me ponder if gerrits searching for another filly in the meadows since he ai nt full satisfied with his selected belle , giggles .
when he gets up to the meadow , he parks , carries her up the mountain and drops her off a cliff , making it look like an accident .
but the meadow is only at eighty - five hundred feet , i said .
the road climbed up into forest and then onto the big snow - covered meadow under mount rose .
cross - country ski tracks criss - crossed the meadow , looking in the moonlight like strange giant calligraphy .
there was a bank of fog that covered the meadow near the truckee airport .
we walked on farther through our neighborhood , past houses that stood twelve feet apart from each other , some of them with lawns as green as a spring meadow and others that had turned an awful yellow and were dying of heat stroke .
i contemplated the green meadow on our right .
a muddy path led to a stile , and over this to the meadow behind the beauchamps ' home .
a rider appeared at the bottom of the meadow , on a small horse , trotting fast .
he s staying over at the meadows , you know .
the mare was still keyed up when we reached the place where the trail empties into a wide meadow down by the river .
i pointed her in the direction of the meadow and nearly laughed when i spotted the cause for her concern .
wooded hills sloped upward on both sides of the river , and except for a faint gurgling , where fast - moving water tumbled over a natural dam , the meadow was quiet .
when we came to a stretch of meadow where the footing was safe , i bridged the reins together over the crest of her neck -- to act as a brace in case she stumbled -- then crouched low over the saddle .
where the meadow narrowed into a track not much wider than one of the old logging roads , with trees thick on both sides , i brought her back to a walk .
chang 's at park meadows mall .
park meadows is one of denvers ritzier shopping malls , a sprawling complex of buildings and restaurants at the junction of i-25 and c-470 .
the performance was in full voice and the last glint of reflection from the western sky in the watery meadow was flickering away as the front door slammed shut .
after dr . tower had departed , the two women sat listening to the amphibian concerto beyond the porch , illuminated by occasional flashes from itinerant fire - flies over the meadow .
the road petered out near the river meadows , and she wheeled the wagon off the track beneath a heavy clump of bushes , ` ` you do surprise me , '' chortled jerry , ` ` how expertly you find the lovers lane .
well people , take a good look out that window , you see that wheat growing in the meadow . ''
bobby , she thought , shed known only one bobby in her entire life the boy who lived across from her grandfather 's home in meadow .
the bleached sand gave way to grey shingle , and then another cliff rose sharply out of the shallow waters , topped by a large flat area of grassy meadow .
the main residential area was under construction a quarter of a mile inland , but the huge rough meadow that ran in a gentle slope to the cliff edge was as yet untouched .
the land slip was carefully measured , the furrow in the meadow inspected , and the fallen earth checked .
before them the greens of the meadows and forest , which gave life to this do- main of barren mountains , seemed to be laid out in areas which pointed wedge - like at their hiding place .
the bag on the small parachute hit the ground on a rocky stretch near the edge of the meadow east of the lake .
around the corner of the edge the wall fell away in great sweeps of slab and overhang , and the eye was drawn inexorably downward to the boulders , the meadow , and the lake .
through it was access to the softer world of trees and grasses , of streams and meadows .
outside in the meadow waited two men , one of them enormous .
over in the rich grass of the meadow the heavy dew glinted on the ground .
they strolled down toward the meadow where their horses still chewed at the grass .
they crossed the bridge and came out of the trees into a long ribbon of green meadow , dotted with yellow and red indian paintbrush .
a soft light mellowed the meadows and the approaching mountain , and here and there grazing cattle would lift their heads at his approach .
in one large meadow a new sign proclaimed that a large acreage was for sale for building lots through a firm in boise .
suddenly he became aware of the lights of a car in the meadow on the far side .
it 's got fine drainage and there 's a good herd of deer winters in that meadow .
moreover , it exited very close to the forest service headquarters near lowman and , because of its numerous meadows , was popular with bear hunters , especially in the lower reaches .
beyond them in a long meadow was the airstrip , its grass still lightly dusted with snow .
` ` there 's a lot of interesting wild flora in the back meadows , '' she continued earnestly , listing her sightings .
as he had predicted the path eventually passed through a small expanse of moor and water meadows , before linking up with the canal once again .
early on in the journey , he encountered a few shepherds , watching their flocks in the higher meadows , but they too disappeared the higher he climbed .
i said to him , i want the feel of a meadow in springtime , inside and this is what he came up with .
in the late spring , the banks of the hudson are lined with meadows of long grass mixed with purple loosestrife , pale jewelweed and evening primrose .
long gone were the days of green meadows and fields carpeted with wildflowers .
i got back in rhapaw and drove to i-4 and then went northeast of town , up to a place called holly meadows .
one was new , a girl named cassandra meadows .
the real victim had been cassandra meadows .
its presence meant the end of green forests and grassy meadows -- more reminders of her childhood , the village near the urals where she was raised , and the school where they all wore matching dresses with pinafores and red ribbons .
thorn led them to the outer perimeter of the grassy meadow .
` ` this is ryke meadows , captain of the track team .
i inhale a strained breath , silently throwing darts into ryke meadows ' face .
` ` well you 're not my type of company either , meadows , '' connor says casually , not offended .
ryke must have kept sara 's maiden name : meadows .
although , very little ruffles ryke meadows .
but in ryke meadows ' case , there 's probably a little pinch of love in there .
but ryke meadows is many things - uncaring is definitely not one of them .
something tells me that connor is not ryke meadows ' number one fan .
but one day , i 'll figure out what makes ryke meadows squirm .
it 's as if ryke meadows is sleeping at the foot of our mattress .
our mother would be more than just furious if she learned that daisy even had a crush on ryke meadows .
i ' m so not used to defending ryke meadows , but being in his company for three months maybe opened me up to his ways .
` ` daisy meadows , '' i say , inwardly cringing at the idea .
not many people know that ryke meadows is related to me , and in this instance , it comes in handy .
` ` his name is ryke meadows . ''
i 'd either have to give into this guy 's advances , scream for help and hope that a ryke meadows was around , or try to find a way to fight off a six - foot guy .
i always wanted to see ryke meadows flinch , but not from something like this .
ryke meadows fills the screen .
never did i think it would help me understand the shadowy mysterious figure that is ryke meadows .
she just seems like she 'd rather curl up by a fire with her paintings instead of dancing in a flowery meadow .
the difference now : loren hale 's half - brother , ryke meadows , is moving in for six months .
my mother will not approve of a ryke meadows and daisy calloway coupling .
but she says , ` ` i ' m totally getting more ass than ryke meadows . ''
` ` ryke meadows is the biggest jackass . ''
if production truly wanted to show all of ryke meadows , they 'd tell the viewers that he spent his last year in college helping his half - brother get sober .
it ca n't be as hard as having to admit to f**king ryke meadows or hearing that your boyfriend wants to kill your closest sister .
you see , it all started on friday afternoon when a casual conversation with nicholas ended in me wanting to strangle adam ... as joss and i walked toward the meadows where we were meeting braden , adam , jenna and ed for a picnic , i considered telling her what i 'd discovered about adam yesterday while i was having coffee with my fellow student and friend , nicholas .
all this i wanted to confide in joss that sunny saturday as we strolled to the meadows but joss was distracted by something so i decided it was n't a good time .
it was his bachelor penthouse on the meadows .
nate lived in marchmont , a heavily student - populated area behind the meadows - a large public park behind the university of edinburgh .
without saying one word he pulled me along with him over the meadows and into marchmont .
there 's a lake , a merry - go - round , an ice skating rink , baseball fields , a zoo , the meadow where they have concerts and shit .
arilyn meadow was the symbol of a walking fashion disaster kennedy worked hard to transform .
sean jumps on the parkway and when we stop , we 're at sunken meadow .
when i was a kid , they 'd take me to cardiac hill at sunken meadow .
i ca n't picture a meadow and mentally escape to somewhere else .
she was back to being a peaceful gold and silver meadow .
pretty sure , since the other band member 's names were blessing , meadow , sunshine , and ... tuesday .
from what cheyenne had confessed to me one afternoon , her crush had now moved on to poetic bliss 's drummer , meadow .
cheyenne gave me a hug , followed by meadow .
meadow had hair the color of a deep sunset , and eyes as dark as denny 's , but the small smile on her lips exactly matched cheyenne 's , and i was thrilled that the sweet woman had found love after all .
cheyenne was followed into the bar by her girlfriend , meadow , and the rest of the members of poetic bliss .
rain took her spot behind the lead microphone , while meadow ducked behind the drums .
i asked meadow if they could give you a proper goodbye . ''
blessing handed matt her teal guitar , while evan tucked himself behind meadow 's drums ; the band 's logo on the drum had a giant purple flower in the background .
and cheyenne , her hair a flaming red color that reminded me of meadow 's , clapped me on the shoulder as kellan stood to greet me .
not cheyenne , meadow , or the rest of poetic bliss .
` ` what about the meadow that overlooks the pond ? ''
i opened my eyes , trying to get my bearings , even though all i wanted to do was roll down that grassy meadow of bliss and feel my body clench with orgasm .
so i just lifted my legs , knees cocked so my soles were on the porch swing beside me , my weight in gray and he held me and sipped his beer while i sipped my wine , my eyes were on the meadow beside his house where the horses were wandering , the tears i was shedding for losing grandma miriam silently rolling down my cheeks .
you open shops in lodo , park meadows , considering additional foot traffic and convenience to locals , you 'll clean up . ''
chapter twenty - one quiet like ` ` thank you , '' i mouthed to the clerk at dillard 's in park meadows mall who was handing me my bag which held six pairs of boys swim trunks , this purchase made because , in two days , brock , joey , rex and i were boarding a plane headed for aruba and i 'd found upon asking them to check that the boys were growing so fast none of their old swim trunks fit .
nothing entered my mind , not his knowing my name , not blood , murder and mayhem in the parking lot at park meadows mall , nothing except him and his gun .
not a minute later , multiple calls came from park meadows mall ... '' hearing the location , a location tess was at twenty minutes ago and he knew this because he was on the f**king phone with her twenty f**king minutes ago , every cell in brock lucas 's body stopped moving .
more rays of sun beamed through clouds , turning the rolling meadows into glittering green blades , swaying gently with the breeze .
he can smell her perfume - a light summer scent that brings daisies and bright meadows to mind .
he knew that further in from the shore , grassy meadows and watershed areas would replace the dense forests .
set in a meadow and surrounded by towering pines , the chapel looked like it belonged on the new england countryside instead of in the pacific northwest .
after the ceremony , anne stood outside and looked at the meadow and trees outside of the chapel instead of returning to the inn with her parents .
actually this is not really a garden , but a meadow i called different shops to put and add flowers on it .
while she dreamed an angelic creature took his hand and led him to a sunny meadow .
traces of the deluge were plainly evident , boats that had broken free of their moorings now lay marooned in the meadows , the towpath still lay underwater and the river itself was a muddy torrent carrying dead tree trunks and broken branches downstream .
echo waited until the party was in full swing , then sneaked away into the verdant meadow , still within the mystic shields .
why were elanna and echo in the meadow ?
the reason he d come to mind was because dallas and i passed meadows lake hospital on the way to pick up my new , slightly used treadmill .
those were coupled with the smell of green meadows full of wildflowers , honeysuckle and dark , fertile soil .
the pulse grew stronger toward the meadow , and i raced toward it .
it was magic : distant villages and woods , meadows and castles .
ill be at flushing meadow , said scott as they hugged .
the stretches of meadow were like big soft comforters .
too small to be a real meadow , it was perfect for my lessons .
kissing the shoreline on the right was a dense forest stretching its arms around and behind her to disappear into a small meadow on the left .
in the middle of the meadow , a young girl , no more than eight years old , crouched , giggling softly as her best friend , tammy , called out numbers .
she leaned back against the seat as the countryside sped bysnowy trees , the white stretch of meadows , the beleaguered look of cattle pawing through the snow looking for something to eat .
a woman and a man stood far apart in a meadow filled with flowers , seemingly unaware of one another and each looking haunted and lost as an angel hovered above each one .
the graceful prisms threw rainbow shafts of light in various directions from the sunlight filtering in through the large bay window that faced an expanse of meadow .
when he flicked open the blinds in his bedroom , revealing a meadow of trees , he also spotted a dismal charcoal sky .
she gazed out at the surroundings : open spaces , wildflower - dotted meadows with herefords scattered throughout , a clear mountain stream , two sleepy hound dogs , and cowboys milling in and out of the barn .
she nudged veronica in the opposite direction of the smells and mayhem of the corral , walking her out to catch the fresh breeze off the meadow .
and every now and then they gave way to glorious meadows dappled with wildflowers .
retrieving it , he remembered that past this quarter mile deluge of boulders a pretty little meadow stretched out along the road for a spell .
clint nodded while scanning the areathe meadow , the pines , the splits in the earth .
the gelding casually lipped meadow grasses , as the afternoon sun cast his shadow across the road .
they were sitting in deep meadow grasses now , with purple , yellow , and white wildflowers all around .
tucked in at the end of the meadow stood the camp .
blake nodded towards a huge pine at the head of the meadow that had its top burned and shattered .
the field was basically a meadow , full of wildflowers .
her gaze drifted to the meadow , and he grabbed the opportunity to examine her .
he looked toward the meadow to see a moose emerge from the woods at the far end .
after dinner , as was our tradition , everyone went out to my meadow to play a softball game .
i fished out a handkerchief for her , then looked awayat the rest of the family spread across my meadow , calling out taunts to each other , running the makeshift base paths , their legs flashing in the sun , while i sat on the sidelines with a woman who d just told me i was nt living and she might be dying .
i sat staring across the meadow , no longer seeing it .
however , contrary to what many tales would have you believe , i do n't cringe at the sight of crosses , turn to ash in daylight , get burned by silver , sparkle in a meadow , or live in a castle on top of a barren mountain surrounded by dark storm clouds .
adela and her parents had packed a small basket and hiked up the hill to a small meadow in bloom with pink , yellow and purple wildflowers .
it is a surprisingly comfortable sanctuary in the midst of a vast landscape by the humboldt and ruby mountain ranges , hills and meadows .
she knew the city of reno sat in a basin called the truckee meadows .
in the midst of the meadow , tyler pointed out a stream where they could stop and rest their horses let them drink richie dismounted and helped sarah down , while tyler helped tess .
seeing the wildflower meadow and stream , she headed right for that area .
she let him drink while she looked around at the gorgeous meadow .
shed decided to snooze out here in the meadow , nestled in the wildflowers .
he saw a rider down in the meadow and told the guest to head back to the barn .
shed liked him at first until he embarrassed her when he caught her sleeping in the meadow .
were you really just concerned when you saw me in the meadow ?
he fell asleep smiling and dreamed of horses , green meadows and a pretty girl with a horseshoe .
in the barn , she found her faithful horse , thunder , got frank to help get him saddled , and took off for that pretty meadow that she loved so much , not far from the ranch house .
he knew just where she was going he saddled up and rode off toward the meadow .
when he d found her asleep in the meadow the first time , he knew she belonged here .
another one of those and well never get out of this meadow .
did you get lost in the meadow ?
the road back to his ranch went through a lovely meadow .
matt knew sarah loved meadows , so he took her hand as he searched for a nice place to sit in the wildflowers .
it wound through a pine forest and meadows .
i took a deep breath to settle my overactive imagination , then pushed through some ferns that opened up like a doorway into an easter - grass green meadow .
sophie turned away , not wanting to intrude , and followed tristan and the others across the meadow and over the fence .
the music continued as jace and caroline walked , arm and arm , to where the minister stood , his back to a majestic combination of meadows , water , and mountains .
its like leaving a cute bunny , with long amazing legs , in the meadow and waiting for the lions to pounce on her .
its high meadows of sweet grass , clear mountain streams , steaming thermal springs , and aspen and pine forests were the only home she and robbie had ever known , and by god , annie would dance with the devil and sell him her soul before shed give up so much as one square inch of it .
she clamped her lips closed , shut her eyes , and imagined an idling river , a quiet meadow at the base of the mountains , the scent of daisies and pine needles .
they rode into rolling green meadows , and soon she saw the curly coats of the white - faced herefords dotting the grass in the distance .
her heart still pounded from the almost - accident she narrowly avoided just after crossing into the tiny town of golden meadow , louisiana .
they lived here before this town was ever called golden meadow .
in golden meadow ?
for the first time since she 'd been down in golden meadow , louisiana , she was aware of her historical surroundings .
she was to be a kindergarten teacher for the golden meadow lower elementary school in the fall , but she never made it .
they 're trying to ruin the beauty of golden meadow with shopping malls , master planned communities , and other types of commercial propertiesall around me .
on the drive back to golden meadow with her dad , caroline mentioned she 'd like to visit rachel 's grave .
two hours , five - hundred dollars , one full shopping cart , and a pit stop in central parks sheep meadow later , phelps , dyllie , and i climbed back into the limo and headed for bradfords .
- nora barteau chapters prologue one prologue two one the abomination and a tainted whisper two the sweetness of the dream three sway with me four getting up to speed five the lady in the dark six waking back up into the world seven another night begins eight scripted fate nine fate has a sense of irony ten kismet eleven no second thoughts twelve the course of destiny thirteen the simpleton fourteen the meadow fifteen the illusion and the gilded blood sixteen failing memory seventeen more than a date sub chapter black eighteen welcome to the fold nineteen the request twenty a night on the thin red line twenty one the education twenty two the first truth twenty three the small things twenty four lies in truth to save a life twenty five coming to terms with reality twenty six the facts of life twenty seven the end of one life twenty eight an intimate moment twenty nine come inside thirty - behind the scenes thirty one cursory explanations thirty two preparation thirty three option two thirty four the eventuality thirty five the island in the pale still water thirty six redefining terms thirty seven finding the path thirty eight alternatives to death thirty nine the walk forty coming to terms with a new reality forty one the daylight hours forty two adapting forty three the desire for blood forty four a new kind of different forty five checking the goods forty six approval forty seven finding usefulness forty eight the prelude sub chapter red forty nine the concert fifty the years in between fifty one more time to kill fifty two a pleasant haunting and another new life fifty three the words in the dream fifty four the visage fifty five back to reality fifty six the uncomfortable conversation fifty seven a simple solution fifty eight another unwelcome change fifty nine being alone with a monster sixty the accusation sixty one a world with meaning sixty two talking to a demon sixty three the after - hours proposal sixty four the unwelcome guest sixty five an old friend sixty six the ululation of the nightmare sixty seven what lies within sixty eight the ocean rendered epilogue foreword to the realities that propagate in our minds that we calmly tell ourselves do not exist - i ask you .
chapter fourteen the meadow a bright sunny meadow contrasted the bus zack was just on .
chapter fourteen the meadow a bright sunny meadow contrasted the bus zack was just on .
the serene meadow brushed back to reveal her slaughtered corpse ?
he could picture her in her red dress next to him , in the calming meadow .
the breezy meadow was darker and filled with a heavy fog .
welcome to my meadow .
there was no longer a meadow .
he was at the edge of the meadow now .
then he came to a clearing , a beautiful meadow dotted with a few trees and lots of lush flowers .
good , the rest of the trail up to the meadow is gentle enough to trot most of the way .
to the left was another creek and to the right was a stunning lush , green meadow .
i d take you out across the meadow but this time of year it gets a little boggy from all the rain .
below us was another meadow , but this one was covered in a lush carpet of colorful wild flowers .
fields , meadows and parks stretched on the ground as far as they could see .
also , its somewhere near a park or a meadow ... i ve got a match , eiko said .
there is a c. and m. collins residence in bruntsfield , near an area called the meadows .
he also loved horses and enjoyed racing headlong across the meadows , leaping any hedge or wall that he came to .
rolling meadows , lined now in dying grasses , and woodlands beyond .
but all he kept seeing when he imagined the future was a log cabin on a hillside above a wildflower - strewn meadow .
from here , i can look down on the farmhouse on the far side of the wildflower - dotted meadow below .
here he comes now , walking across the meadow from moms house , a baby in each arm .
ren took her along the fence line between two big meadows , where the laneway that also divided them was planted with young trees and bushes .
his voice could ripple a lake with its rich , intense tones , yet was calmer than a meadow before the rain .
she purchased a candle shaped like a movie star at sweetwater wax works , a knit scarf at a department store , a soccer ball at an athletic store , and one hideously ugly painting of a horse in a meadow at the overpriced knickknack store .
she breathed in the freshly moist morning air , watching a flight of starlings swooping over the meadow and feeling as if she could nt wait to get started on transforming the space into the garden of her imagination .
we remained on foot as he led us to a snow meadow ; i did nt really have a better term for it .
the meadow was full of about fifty white horses with single horns , better known to most as unicorns .
the once - human creature fed as it went , ripping branches from trees and huge swaths of grass from any meadow it passed .
it exploded harmlessly far out over the open meadow .
they were buried in the country , living in a small cottage on the edge of a meadow , within sight of the vicarage .
at the foot lay a long stretch of beautiful flat meadow land filled with fields of hay and livestock .
the green , open meadows slipped and morphed into a thick forest of tall , old pines and firs .
the way opened to a small , familiar meadow , and in front of me stood my own little , one - story cabin - house .
i tiptoed forward and just around the bend was the meadow i 'd been dreaming about with its quaint settler cabin .
~ chapter five ~ lily driving up the tree lined boulevard that fronted the remington country club , i basked in the vision of the ebullient florals that lined my route ; the ruby red roses , golden hibiscus and lavender lilies that filled the meadow beside me .
sheesh , i said aloud , grinning through gritted teeth as he waved to me from the midst of the meadow where he sat in the center of a checkerboard blanket lined with what appeared to be various food items .
pulling up to the side of the curb , i parked my car and made my way into the meadow , coming to an abrupt halt at the border of the blanket .
they were as vibrant as the mountain bluebirds that flitted just above the lower meadow on the ranch .
` ` mom , do the sandhill cranes still nest by the upper meadow ? ''
` ` we call this the upper meadow , '' she said .
pairs of sandhill cranes in the lower meadow strutted their graceful strut and squawked to each other , preparing for another brief cycle of bountiful life on the river .
it was just a quiet meadow with a tree that haunted my dreams .
instead , i settle for taking several steps and sitting on the outskirts of the meadow .
they d begun to sway as one in the breeze that had brushed through the meadow and her dark eyes had danced with curiosity .
and that had emerged in the meadow ; the innocence shed retained had become visible .
she closed her eyes and tried to picture a calming image and immediately , the meadow desmond had sifted her to the night she and stephanie had almost been raped entered her thoughts .
the experience was identical to the one shed had with desmond the first time he d sifted with her from the nightclub to a meadow .
it was nt until we teleported to the meadow together , when you d been at the nightclub , that i realized how deep that love ran .
as the evening lengthened , mother ruby collected her things , and led her expectant daughter out into the small meadow behind their home .
mother ruby led them through the pine trees at the edge of the meadow , down to a small freshwater lake , fringed with reeds and rushes .
as she walked home across meadow , mother ruby looked within herself .
` ` come on , you big bastard , '' he crooned to the gelding as he turned his horse 's head off the lane and across the grassy meadow .
she 'd enjoyed a mad dash over the same meadow sebastian now careening across like a man possessed .
the house party picnicked in the meadow , engaged in lawn bowling and archery , and enjoyed sparkling conversation over excellent evening meals .
thor was taken aback by the site : it was the most beautiful place he had ever seen , a forest meadow , filled with wildflowers of every possible color , up to their knees .
birds and butterflies of every color and size danced and flew in the air , and the meadow was alive with the sound of chirping .
it was hard , and he ran with his hands out before him , thinking always that he might run into a tree , even though he knew it was an open meadow .
a sudden cold breeze ran through the meadow on this summer day , he knew , with absolute certainty , that she was right .
the trail became steeper , windier , and the meadows faded , giving way to a desolate landscape of rocks and boulders .
wild splashes of vibrant orange , purple and red covered the grassy and lichened meadows .
the scene was of snow and geese and a decorated christmas tree in the middle of a pristine meadow .
taking a deep breath , i closed my eyes and mentally chanted , i ' m in a meadow of happiness .
i ' m in a meadow of happiness .
i ' m in a freaking meadow of happiness !
i needed to find a calm center , my meadow of happiness .
find your meadow of happiness .
` ` imagine yourself in a meadow .
a lush , green meadow swaying with wildflowers and lit by sunshine . ''
i tried to meditate , to imagine a tranquil meadow with lush green foliage , just like jonathan had taught me .
happy meadow , happy meadow .
happy meadow , happy meadow .
where was my freaking happy meadow ?
tranquil waters , a happy meadow .
i tried to calm myself down with a few deep breaths , tried to picture myself in my meadow of happiness .
after hours of trying to find my happy meadow , and failing , i slapped myself across the face and joined royce here at the hotel .
leaning back in the seat , i looked out the window , absently admiring the serene vista of rolling meadows and green woodlands that stretched to the distant horizon .
julia loved the broad meadow in the backyard , especially on hot summer nights like this one .
quietly , she slipped out of the back door and into the meadow behind the house .
your hair is ... yellow , '' he began sweetly , his smile widening at her confused expression before he added , ` ` like those little plants my horse tramples in my meadow . ''
waves lapping the shore , rolling green meadows .
she looked away from him , toward where lump was rolling in the snow as if it were a meadow of daisies .
` ` weeks passed and always , the wizard was waiting in the meadow when she arrived .
tucked against the foothills , it had a lush green lawn that sloped down from the tree line into a soft meadow .
she stared out into the distance , but susannah was convinced that she was n't watching the deer that wandered timidly down into the grassy meadow .
as the sun set and the deer grazed in the meadow , they held hands .
she 'd stood out like a lone apple tree in the middle of a meadow .
as he walked across the meadow separating us , the birds started to sing again .
she 'd promised herself , though , that she 'd save every penny she earned to build her dream house in callie 's meadow , the piece of land she was born on .
in the meantime , she built her savings and dreamed of the house she 'd build in her meadow .
i 'd love to take lily riding down in the meadow .
he knew how special callie 's meadow was to her .
` ` i 'll take you to callie 's meadow .
normally she would stop and see lily or stop in at michael 's practice or even stick her head in at the sheriff 's office to say hello to seth , but she was anxious to go up to her parents ' so she could show max her meadow .
knowing that if she did her usual routine of parking at her parents ' house and walking down to the meadow she and max would get held up by her mom and dads , callie opted instead to pull off onto the old logging road that would take them to the meadow without going all the way up to her parents ' .
knowing that if she did her usual routine of parking at her parents ' house and walking down to the meadow she and max would get held up by her mom and dads , callie opted instead to pull off onto the old logging road that would take them to the meadow without going all the way up to her parents ' .
the closer they got to the meadow , the darker his expression got .
with a shrug , she drove around the last bend and then parked in front of the old fence that used to separate colter land from the meadow .
` ` this is it , '' she said with a note of reverence she never seemed to rid herself of when she spoke of her meadow .
it was up when the previous people owned the meadow .
she once drew me a picture of the meadow and gave it to me .
` ` let 's go see your meadow , dolcezza .
they ' ve approached me numerous times about selling callie 's meadow . ''
` ` max 's mother is the one who sold callie 's meadow to the dads , '' seth continued .
` ` can you look me in the eye and tell me you never hoped to coerce me into giving you callie 's meadow ?
all she ever talks about is how much she adores her family , how important you all are to her , how her dream is to build a home in her meadow so she can be close to you all .
the moon cast a pale glow over the meadow and from a distance , the sound of bubbling water reached her ears .
she avoided the meadow .
with the meadow , i mean . ''
` ` your mother loved the meadow .
she 'd given him callie 's meadow .
` ` i was never going to go after her meadow .
` ` callie tried to give me her meadow .
` ` i ' m going to build her house in that meadow so that she has it to come home to .
` ` you 're going to give up the meadow without a fight ? ''
` ` the meadow is callie 's , '' max said in an even voice .
she forced her gaze forward as she approached her meadow .
he 'd built a house in the meadow .
she jammed the gearshift into reverse and accelerated until she got back to the turnoff for the meadow .
she whirled around so that her back was to him and she stared out over the meadow again .
` ` welcome to callie 's meadow , '' she whispered .
your meadow . ''
i forgot all about the meadow .
callie and max live just across the meadow from them .
she pointed to the meadow in the distance where a stream cut through the land .
across the meadow in the house max built for callie .
` ` ethan and adam are down in callie 's meadow , and ryan is out in the barn with the horses . ''
they walked to the far edge of the fenced section that overlooked the drop - off to callie 's meadow .
they 're just going down to the meadow and back .
seth followed his dad out to the back , and they leaned on the fence so they could see the path the girls would take back up from the meadow .
` ` would you mind too much if i walked down to callie 's meadow ? ''
when she topped a slight rise that overlooked the meadow , she stopped and sat on a large boulder just off the pathway .
the view was simply perfect , and the meadow spread out before her , covered in wildflowers .
` ` i wanted to draw callie 's meadow for callie .
` ` it looks exactly like the meadow .
` ` it 's your meadow . ''
she waited while the men mounted , and then michael started toward the trail that led to callie 's meadow .
she stared at the beauty of the meadow , trying to commit every detail to memory .
the meadow was alive with new growth , bursting with vibrancy that enchanted her .
the stream that dissected the meadow gurgled and was fast running from the melting snow from nearby peaks .
holly loved her , and lily had won callie 's heart the day she 'd given her the beautiful drawing of callie 's meadow .
callie being born in the meadow .
in her meadow , the place where she 'd been born .
callie 's meadow .
normally he 'd make the walk across the meadow to the colters ' cabin , but he wanted to make it back before callie and lauren got up .
i will , however , need to make you aware that for the next several nights , you 're going to have a crew crawling all over callie 's meadow .
but they stopped in the meadow , halfway between the two houses .
there was anticipation in the air and the only illumination cast on the meadow was the thin slash of moonlight that hovered over distant trees .
shapes came to life in the meadow .
the meadow had been transformed into a winter wonderland worthy of any childhood fantasy .
they glided over the snow , through the meadow , and higher into the aspens and pines that surrounded the colter cabin .
seeing callie 's and lauren 's smiles had been worth every bit of planning and money he 'd put into having the meadow lit up .
` ` dinner is served , '' she declared , her smile bright enough to rival the meadow the night before .
you think he could be taking her to blythe meadow ? ''
` ` ride around the meadow , '' cullen instructed , when they started to move forward .
there was another exchange of glances , but the men followed the tree line around the meadow .
it had n't appeared so from the edge of the meadow , but the woman was actually moving at high speed on her beast , slowing only to make the turn before spurring her horse into a dead run toward the other side .
evelinde shifted on her knees and glanced around the meadow as she tried to think what to do .
much to her relief , he 'd taken his tumble at the end of the meadow nearest the river .
the meadow was surrounded by trees , and she 'd hoped to dry the dress without being seen .
even when he 'd first appeared in the meadow , she had n't been frightened so much as startled to find someone next to her .
it was little enough to go on , but more than she 'd known before their meeting in the meadow .
she certainly didna seem all that right in the head , riding about the meadow waving a flag as she was . ''
cullen knew they 'd feared their new lady would be mad since discovering she was the lass from the meadow .
there was that little ride of hers in the meadow with her mare 's reins in her teeth , too .
the sun was rising quickly , illuminating the meadows in the valley and the jutting mountain peaks .
` ` there 's a meadow beyond willow lodge overlooking roaring fork that i want you to see .
a meadow opened up before them .
a cold wind crept over the meadow .
the blood drained from arriane 's cheeks , and with it went the brilliant colors in the meadow .
when tess turned her head to gaze out the barn 's door and across the endless meadow , arriane glimpsed the dark starburst tattoo that marred her lovely skin .
tessriel was looking at arriane , and something in a distant meadow of arriane 's soul recalled this angel .
tears blurred her vision as she climbed over the low - lying meadows of the valley below .
it was lucifer 's foul imprecation , his embittered ad - dendum to the throne 's sentence passed in the heavenly meadow .
he could not remember what came next , could only dimly recall how the great light had flickered , and the harshest cold had swept over the meadow , and the trees in the orchard had tumbled into one another , causing waves of furious disturbance that were felt throughout the cosmos , tsunamis of cloudsoil that blinded the angels and crushed their glory .
there had been something else , something just before the obliteration of the meadow , something like a- twinning .
it was harder and harder to recall those words spoken by the angel in the white meadow who had looked so much like ... who had the angel resembled ?
the brightness unfolded like a package until luce could make out a vast white meadow spread out before her .
a meadow rolled into existence , dividing the orchard in two .
and when everything else in heaven was complete , god placed a stunning throne at the head of the meadow .
by the time they neared the edge of the meadow , lucinda remembered that she could not clearly see the throne .
all was joyful in the meadow , and then the throne became empty .
the meadow had been dim and her memory was foggy ... ... was this the moment of their first connection ?
the meadow was bright white again .
she was crammed into the meadow with the full host of angels , being asked to choose something .
luce paced the meadow , feeling the new sensation of her wings bobbing behind her .
back on the meadow , astride her silver ledge , aching for god to return .
she was back in the meadow , in the center of a great , flickering congregation of light .
the silver ledge that had once been lucifer 's had now been moved to the far end of the meadow .
when she turned to the far end of the meadow , she saw the light around lucifer .
across the meadow , lucinda and lucifer locked eyes at the roll call .
there was one day she remembered during that dark period : she 'd been weeping in the meadow , up to her neck in cloudsoil , wanting to sink away from everything .
he did not believe her , or he pretended not to hear her , because lucifer soon challenged the throne to gather all the souls in the meadow for the roll call .
she walked into the meadow , wandered among bright souls .
lucifer bellowed at the angels : ` ` a line has been drawn in the cloudsoil of the meadow .
she huddled next to daniel in the meadow , basking in the warmth of a burgeoning love that was pure and sustaining , as daniel 's name rang out across the meadow .
she huddled next to daniel in the meadow , basking in the warmth of a burgeoning love that was pure and sustaining , as daniel 's name rang out across the meadow .
the meadow fell silent after daniel 's words .
she rose to his side in the meadow .
arm in arm with daniel in the center of the meadow , lucinda had made the only possible choice .
in the silence of the meadow , a strange thing happened : another daniel soared up next to lucinda and daniel .
she closed her eyes , thought back to the way lucifer had looked at her in the meadow .
in heaven 's meadow , the rippled silver ledges had once formed an arch over the head of the throne .
she caught flashes of molly 's place before the throne , and steven 's , too - though they were not archangels , but angels who adored happily from the meadow .
if there was room enough to take me back into your meadow , there is room enough for the outcasts . ''
for yes , she was very much like a rabbit one might find in a meadow or some such place .
we sat on the swing in the dark , watching fireflies over the meadow for a time , still holding hands .
chapter four damien damien walked down the back porch of julia 's house , across the meadow , and to the edge of the forest where the soft grasses underfoot turned into crackling pine needles .
the earth smelled of wildness and animals , and here was the trace of a fox who 'd been chasing rabbits in the meadow .
jordan went off to work on his shelter , and damien strode back through the meadow .
before she could change her mind , she turned and crossed the meadow , leaving the pack behind .
before he could even take a single step into the meadow , she had broken through the treeline : he could hear her paws now on the grass .
she felt rather like she 'd been lying in a meadow on a warm summer day , allowing the sun 's rays to melt her to her bones .
he opened the van door for her and looked up at her out of a pair of eyes that were as pale as a winter day on meadow mountain .
she was a wild thing that loved to run in the meadows or wade barefoot in the stream .
she was with meadow , and she was all , ' i ' m so bummed jeb 's not here .
silence hung between them for a moment , broken by the champing of horses and the call of an early lark in the meadow beyond the stable .
it was a beautiful morning , with the birds whose tentative chirpings had greeted the dawn now gone mad , swooping to and fro overhead and whooping out of the meadows in riotous flocks , flushed by their passage .
they paced slowly through the orchard and out into a stretch of fields , some left in meadow for a few sheep and the odd cow , some sowed and already sprouting , a green haze covering the furrows .
they had passed from open meadows into a wooded area , and the trees clustered thick and dark , roots intruding into the road , branches overhanging , so that they walked through pools of darkness , the road invisible beneath their feet , emerging suddenly into clearer spots where the trees drew back a little , and the moon caught the sudden white flash of face or shirtfront , the glint of a sword hilt .
sure enough , the paint galloped merrily through the meadow about two hundred yards ahead of him .
forcing himself to concentrate on one thing at a time , he eventually headed across the snowy meadow in the same direction he 'd gone the day before when he 'd chased houdini .
she 'd swing up on a horse bareback in her bare feet , her hair going in all directions , and she 'd ride hell - bent for leather across the meadow , back and forth .
` ` go , '' he said again , and she took off across the meadow toward the guard 's tower .
there was a gateway that led to the back meadow where the children often played .
the grass was taller here in a small meadow where there was less slate and rock to prevent grass and flowers from growing .
tucking her arm underneath his , he guided her through the meadow and up the incline where a bluff overlooked the boundary of montgomery and armstrong land .
he hit the ground with a thud and his head cracked against one of the jagged outcroppings that were scattered over the meadow .
she had to bring help or he 'd die here in the meadow .
` ` graeme was shot in the meadow .
she raced across the meadow , uncaring of the pain or fear it caused her .
he looked out over the terrace in satisfaction , toward the meadow that lay beyond jocasta cameron innes 's stables .
duncan nodded toward the meadow , where the smoke of campfires hung in a low golden haze .
the light was fading and the campfires began to glow in the dimness of the meadow beyond the stables .
duncan lifted his chin toward the meadow , where he could see two dark figures , walking side by side toward the house .
chairs were brought out , more whisky , a plate of savories appeared as by magic , candles were lit - and suddenly it was a party , echoing on a higher plane the sense of slightly nervous festivity taking place in the meadow below .
oh , there ; gone back toward the meadow , having doubtless thought of some last minute thing he must tell someone .
from this side of the house , the meadow was invisible , but he could still smell the smoke of their fires , and catch the faint trill of music on the air .
he heard the bleating of the flock , and the twitter of birds among the trees , and felt the breath of the morning breeze blowing over the meadow brown .
he had known for the past two days that they were followed , but last night they had camped in an open meadow , with no cover at all .
the manor house , without regard to the natural beauty of its site , stubbornly turned its back on the open meadows and huddled inland instead , facing the stark cliffside .
macneill of barra meadows , macleod of islay ... many of the plantation names carried the flavor of their owners ' origins , as did their speech ; the high plastered ceiling echoed with the lilt of spoken gaelic .
` ` i was brought by mine host , the noble and puissant mr . macneill of barra meadows , from whom i have just purchased an excellent pair of grays .
we stopped at dawn , unsaddled the horses , hobbled them , and left them to feed in the long grass of a small meadow .
that meadow below- '' he waved a hand toward the scrim of alders that screened the ridge from the grassy slope .
unfortunately , stomping has relatively little effect when executed in bare feet on a grassy meadow .
and a faint sweet taste that he could n't identify , that reminded him somehow of green meadows full of waving grass .
she did n't know if the animals were happy in the stable , but she was ; cool and shadowy , smelling pungently of cut straw and the droppings of grass - fed animals , it was a peaceful refuge during the day , when its inhabitants were out grazing in the meadow .
he chose a grove of birch , burst through and into a sloping meadow , careened down across the slippery grass , bare feet stubbing on roots and rocks .
jocasta was closeted in her study with duncan innes and the account books , ulysses - with a brief , inscrutable look at the closed door of the study - had gone to the kitchen to superintend the preparations for yet another lavish dinner in his lordship 's honor , and she had gotten rid of phaedre by sending her on horseback to barra meadows to fetch a book jenny ban campbell had promised her .
the paddock to which he led me was some way from the stables , in a grassy meadow .
three young horses frolicked gaily in the meadow nearby .
after an initial nod of acknowledgment , old alec ( for so jamie referred to him , no doubt to distinguish him from the young alec who had been my guide ) ignored me , dividing his attention instead between the food and the three young horses switching their tails in the meadow below .
toward dawn , i dreamed of grassy meadows filled with butterflies .
the procession flowed down the meadow to the edge of the loch , where a small wooden quay projected into the water .
the grey fog lifted near midday on the second day , and a weak sun lighted the meadows filled with yellow gorse and broom .
the road stretched endless and dreary before us , sometimes petering out altogether into frozen marshes or open sheets of water that had once been meadows and moors .
` ` i need him , too , '' he whispered at last , and kissed her briefly on the forehead before taking her hand to cross the meadow once again .
they had come out into a heath bald , a high meadow thick with grass and rhododendron .
the kerchief hung in tatters by this time , and small clouds of whitish smoke floated over the meadow .
she straightened , then heard something ; her head rose suddenly , eyes fixing on an oak across the meadow .
brianna had crossed the meadow , and set up another target ; three irregular chunks of wood set on a stump the size of a dinner table .
a good many were not , and tipsy tents and strewn equipment sprawled across the meadow in a quasi - military hodgepodge .
of may , union camp the governor reviewed at 12 o'clock the detachments in the meadow at smiths ferry on the west side of neuse river .
i heard a familiar voice , raised in greeting , and peered out from under gideon 's chin to see governor tryon riding across the small meadow , accompanied by two aides .
the horse reared , decanting tryon in an undignified heap on the grass , and bolted for the trees on the far side of the meadow .
still , he felt oddly exposed as he walked through the lush grass of the river - meadow , and sighed with involuntary relief , as the languishing branches of the creek - side willows enfolded him in cool shadow .
feeling increasingly surreal , he wandered through small pine groves , and across the edges of grassy meadows , with no company save courting birds and small gossamer butterflies in shades of orange and yellow .
i had paused to wash my hands before stitching a lacerated scalp , when i became aware of some disturbance taking place at the edge of the meadow behind me .
the ground opened , flattening into the edge of a wide meadow , and jamie kicked gideon into a gallop , the other horses streaming after him .
on a rise at the far end of the meadow stood a huge white oak , its spring leaves bright in the slanting sun .
his muscles warmed and loosened with the exercise , and by the time he had climbed to the first of the high meadows , he had begun to feel himself again , solidly embedded in the physical world of mountain and forest .
it bore no more resemblance to the british cornfields he had been used to than did the high meadows to a hayfield .
enlightenment spread across kenny 's stubbled face like sun on a morning meadow .
he jerked his head toward the pines on the far side of the meadow .
i found myself trying to restore meadows trampled by millions of feet , instead of interpreting the pristine wilderness for eager visitors .
but his disillusionment and frustration had been growing for years , coming to a head the day he 'd ordered some drunken idiots to pack up the party they 'd been holding in a fragile meadow , only to have one of them pull out a gun and shoot him .
she walked to the kitchen window and looked out at the backyard , over to where the meadow ended and the forest began .
around her , a green meadow with yellow wildflowers swayed gently in a softly fragrant breeze .
the other opening is in a meadow at the top of a hill .
alex did n't have the heart to tell her that in all the years he 'd been camping , he had yet to stumble upon a single family of hamsters grazing in a meadow .
wildflowers carpeted the earth and a gentle breeze drifted through the meadow and , catching her breath , carol removed her hat in a form of worship .
they began inching their way forward across the open meadow , flanking hollister and mcgillicuddy .
kaden reported his group had made it to the other side of the meadow without incident .
he spun around and sprinted across the open meadow away from gator , hollister , and mcgillicuddy .
lady luck pulls in just shy of the meadow by the frozen pond .
she could picture him racing across a grassy meadow , leaning over the horse 's neck , his body in tune with the fluid motion of the horse .
` ` i 'd love to lie nak*d with you in a sunny meadow and see your skin gleaming in the light , your muscles rippling as you slide into me , your- '' ` ` i want you . ''
he thought about the picture she 'd painted of lying nak*d in a meadow .
but after seeing that she intended to keep it switched on all the time and fan it lighthouse style over the muddy road and the grassy meadows on either side , he had to say something .
she flicked it over the road and then moved the beam out over the meadow to their right .
i ' m sure the one we saw is either still sitting in the meadow or has gone off to forage for grubs under a fallen log . ''
she was n't even in the same mood as when they 'd hiked down the road and he 'd coaxed her quietly past the bear sitting in the meadow .
` ` the meadow is coming up on your right .
he downshifted and eased along the road next to the meadow .
the caretaker , i noticed , had n't mowed recently , and the once grassy lawn resembled a wild meadow .
i suppose i 'd imagined the palms and rain forests typical throughout the south pacific , but instead the island was largely covered with grassy meadows , as if part of kansas had been dropped into the middle of the ocean .
they were just coming over a rise in the meadow when a flash of movement off to the left caught mary 's attention .
noelle gazed blindly out at the placid rhone , the peaceful pastoral scene of meadows and trees blurring before her eyes .
thousands of them , a meadow of fireworks stretching nearly to the steps of the cottage , a sea of red and orange and purple and blue and yellow nearly waist deep , rippling in the gentle breeze .
hundreds of butterflies flitted above the meadow , tides of moving color undulating in the sun .
he was there , standing just outside the edges of the headlights ' beams , in the meadow that bordered the highway .
i mean , there were lovely meadows and the sun never set and water so clear you can see miles down to the colorful plant life on the bottom and flowers of every variety you could imagine , but ... do you know they have literal streets of gold ?
behind jenny were meadows and pastures ; before her a tangled mass of pitch - black trunks and bushes .
she did n't care what other people ate ; it was just that whenever she thought about where meat actually came from , she 'd imagine a cow standing in a meadow or babe the pig , and she 'd feel herself getting nauseated .
it 's held the first saturday in may at great meadow near the plains .
the great meadow also hosts the international gold cup the third saturday in october . ''
they rode through lush green meadows of tall grass , and sophia tried to picture them filled with wildflowers and butterflies every summer .
a meadow loomed ahead , and with the rain coming down as hard as it was , john decided to make camp here on the sleek grass .
not here on the meadow ... but here as in her life .
isabel looked at her lap , then out the tent 's opening to watch the rain fall in little beads that bounced off the meadow .
john lowered his hand and gazed pensively out at the meadow .
fumbling in her big blue nylon zippered bag , she rejected first one , then another tape of christmas music until she found just the right songs to sing along with as she drove toward the small town of larkspur , and , just beyond the town limits , the high meadow ranch , where her family would gather to celebrate the holidays .
the high meadow ranch was home , and home was always filled with chatter and memories and wonderful things to eat .
it was all part of christmas at the high meadow .
any spouse or children waiting for you back at the high meadow ? ''
as much as cale wished to keep her to himself for a few more days , he could not deny the light in quinn 's eyes as she described the scene that would greet them at the high meadow ranch .
a trail of smoke fled the massive stone chimney and thinned as it reached the sky ; even as they followed the plowed path , the warmth of the high meadow ranch reached out toward them with arms filled with love .
the cabin is isolated , built on a high meadow .
it winds from the cabin across the meadow and down a mountain before it hits a dirt road , then it 's twenty more miles before the dirt road runs into a paved secondary road . ''
once they reached the top , they seemed to be in a high , wide meadow that stretched and dipped for miles in front of them .
they drove along the edge of the tree line until the meadow abruptly ended , and then they descended sharply down the side of the mountain .
then they crested that mountain , too , and reached another rolling meadow .
steve looked out over the white meadow .
for the next week he spent the daylight hours prowling around the cabin and shed and exploring their high meadow , as tense and wary as a cat in unfamiliar surroundings .
after a while he added jogging to his activities , but he did n't jog in the meadow , where it was clear .
jay loved those first days in the cabin , high in the vast , silent meadow .
to jay , it was fun , bouncing in the jeep over the meadow .
the meadow was so silent , and for the first time its isolation felt threatening , instead of safe .
the hot wind had turned their winter wonderland into a wet , brown meadow dotted with shrinking patches of snow .
it was a week before the snows came again , and in that week they explored every inch of their high meadow .
then one morning they got up to find that it had snowed again during the night , and it continued snowing all during the day , not hard , just a continuous veil of flakes sifting down over the meadow .
she wanted him to remember , but she wanted it to be when they were alone in their high meadow .
jay dozed , finally awakening as they turned onto the track to the meadow .
he drove the jeep at breakneck speed across the meadow , especially considering that he did n't dare risk turning on the headlights .
but he had taken the possibility that he might have to do this into consideration and had walked the meadow over and over , mentally tracing the route he would take , estimating his fastest safe speed , noting all the rocks and ruts in his path .
but then they were down and bumping across the second meadow .
jay saw what he saw : a set of headlights playing along the edge of the meadow in front of them .
when he reached the rear edge of the meadow he turned , taking the jeep up the north edge .
the meadow was crowded with men and vehicles , the pristine snow trampled and criss - crossed by both feet and tires .
the stench of cordite burned his nostrils in the cold air , and a gray haze lay over the meadow , resisting the efforts of the breeze to disperse it .
kell sabin looked around the meadow .
after the solitude of the meadow , new york 's j.f.k .
the path opened to a small meadow with a cottage sitting on one end .
the anger he had for his father was a walk in a meadow compared to his need for revenge on his ex lover .
halfway through a small meadow , donald made a dramatic turn toward abby and roarke and spoke in measured tones .
here we have a nice open meadow . ''
i 'd love to live in his musical cartoon world , where witches like maura get vanquished with one heroic word , and all the forest creatures are happy when two g*y guys walk hand - in - hand through the meadow , and gideon is the himbo suitor you know the princess ca n't marry , because her heart belongs to the beast .
the wrap shows a mature ( read : aarp member age ) couple rolling in an intimate embrace in a meadow filled with daisies .
she ran down the hallway , fleeing toward the stairs of their apartment building as soundlessly as a fawn bouncing through a meadow .