peggy had filled the yard with shrubs , herbs and abundant flowers of a variety of hues and fragrances .
maria was cutting herbs and putting them in a wicker basket .
she 'd said she wanted to have an enormous kitchen with an herb garden right outside the doors so she could have fresh herbs whenever she cooked .
victoria wanted a garden with vegetables and herbs and lots of flowers around her house .
like every poppy holland before her , rose forced fruits , vegetables , flowers and herbs to grow out of season in order to make ' potions ' and creams .
there was a kitchen garden in the backyard , filled with every herb imaginable .
flowers , vegetables , herbs and fruit are plentiful .
crushed flowers , herbs , musk .
` ` my aunt elinor mixes an aromatic - she knows more about herbs and cures than anyone in scotland - there 's some of it at the abbey . ''
instead i rush out one of the side doors and into the herb garden .
a few flowerpots overflowing with fresh herbs lined the windowsill above the sink .
the door next to his opened and out walked herb , who was a customer service representative for the southeastern pennsylvania transit authority , as he liked to inform people on a regular basis .
i ' m not sure , but i think herb had a crush on me .
` ` i ' m fine , herb .
before i could get the deadbolts open on my door , herb poked his head out of his apartment .
` ` fine , herb .
i was hoping that maybe herb would befriend him and strike up conversations with him more often .
just in case herb might have a crush on me , i thought it a convenient time to cool it .
` ` the only other tenant on my floor , our floor , '' i corrected myself , glancing at adam , ` ` is herb , this very innocuous guy who works for septa , and lives for septa .
` ` lawrence , herb lawrence .
so far , herb and i are the only ones with no fox connection . ''
herb stood there with a bottle of ginger ale , a wilted potted plant and a ' welcome to philadelphia ' t - shirt .
` ` hi , herb .
i ' m really much more of a herb . ''
when anyone mentioned the philadelphia mass transit system herb got a light in his eyes .
i noted , looking around the room , that u. hu was peering surreptitiously out the window now , and that mark 's eyes looked like they were glazing over as herb hit his stride .
` ` what about the comment you made about septa to herb ? ''
` ` herb is n't quite as menacing as ray .
she and herb seemed to strike an animated conversation immediately .
` ` we 're not married , herb .
` ` it 's a long story , herb . ''
let the charade begin , she thought and handed herb her credit card so he could ring the transaction .
perhaps we can find some herbs to help you . ''
the section closest to the house is full of herbs , and several small , flowering trees stand at the corners of the path .
looks like the herbs have taken over . ''
something that looked like dried weeds and herbs were scattered over the earthen floor .
` ` the capture of herb miller is a huge weight off the minds of national law enforcement , and this community owes a debt of gratitude to the boy and the staff for making the prompt call . ''
there are medicines , herbs , that will help , and i know someone who will almost certainly have them . ''
most of the book was handwritten , herbs listed in alphabetical order and accompanied with drawings .
there were way too many herbs in the world and too many that were ingredients in milky - white potions .
` ` it 's a herb . ''
it 's a herb that grows only in garamond , on an island in the midst of a wide lake .
johanna reyes and marcus eaton walk side by side , pausing at the herb garden to pluck mint leaves from their stems .
my head turned instantly to the scatter of plants and herbs all over the box seat , sitting neatly in the cove of the window .
he was just teaching me about plants and herbs . ''
he 'll meet up with herb and get the drives .
get the drives to herb .
i pulled my hand away as herb stated , ` ` not everyone on the planet knows roxie . ''
` ` well , herb , they know lee .
` ` this is benny , my boyfriend , '' i swiftly told herb and trish .
` ` this is my husband , herb , '' trish said , jerking her head to herb .
` ` this is my husband , herb , '' trish said , jerking her head to herb .
` ` herb ! ''
he was looking at herb shaking stark 's hand and was doing this not looking happy .
stark sat in herb 's seat , back to the wall , facing us , and benny and sal settled back in .
it 's an herb but in pill form .
the greenhouse leading off it where herbs grew in pots on shelves in the windows .
i went back to my mug , took a sip of coffee and resolutely turned my eyes to the plants and herbs in gran 's greenhouse .
` ` she and herb are comin ' out in a few weeks . ''
` ` herb .
` ` do not rol your eyes at hank , herb .
` ` fuckin ' a , herb , you need to get to the big city more often , '' uncle tex suggested , handing a coffee to one of the two customers standing in front of the counter .
come on , herb . ''
` ` no one grills a turkey , herb .
` ` i ' m herb .
` ` hel if i know but roxie says tod 's got one for jet too , '' eddie closed his eyes and hank 's gaze moved to herb .
` ` keep your voice down , herb , '' trish logan , roxie 's mother , hissed back ( also loudly ) .
i looked at jules , vance , stella and mace who were standing with me , herb and trish in our little ( but loud ) group .
it was freezing so we all had velvet capes but roxie walked through the standing crowd toward hank wearing only her dress , her shoes , my diamonds , carrying her mums , herb on her arm .
then she started walking faster , herb ( shorter than his daughter ) struggling to keep up .
i took a handful of cashews ( indy 's addition to the party and part of what herb was gobbling up ) and popped a few into my mouth , watching roxie 's mom and dad ( and tex 's sister and brother - in - law ) , herb and trish - in town from indiana for the big event - fight in blanca 's backyard .
and now herb and trish were , as ever , going at it .
then again , herb was absolutely right .
victor 's beautiful fey mate , juliet , had visited with the rare herbs to keep her from aging .
i know of any number of herbs that will ease your pain . ''
in the distance she could sense a park with dew fairies dancing among the trees , and a handful of hellhounds sniffing along the thames river , but it was the thick scent of herbs that had her bracing herself for the slender male form that barreled from behind a hedge to knock her back to the ground .
mages are humans and must use magical herbs to make them immortal . ''
at the same time the nearby sylvermysts leaped into the growing fight , the herb scent of their blood swiftly filling the air .
vegetables and herbs lay strewn around the dirt patch that was once a bountiful wonder .
a keeper of herbs and potions .
i expected an office , but instead we stepped into a cramped garden blooming with all sorts of flowers and herbs i did n't recognize .
a couple of hummingbird feeders and a birdbath sat in a meticulously tended herb garden off to the right , but the trees and shrubs everywhere else were overgrown and the grass was a little too long .
` ` i got a call from herb scarborough yesterday . ''
did herb ever get a look at this man 's face ? ''
considering don 's drinking problem , herb should ' ve been able to figure out who was behind the wheel .
i prefer to use herbs and other natural remedies . ''
she approached the real estate office on the edge of town , hoping to get a receptionist position or a secretarial job , but herb bertleson , the broker , was n't hiring and his only agent , fred winston , could n't afford any help .
their chapped , raw hands are gentle as lamb 's wool , and the sharp , pungent smell of a hundred different herbs clings to them like a fragrant shadow .
some must be herbs , as he did n't see fruits and vegetables , but others hung heavy with the produce that went into cook 's pot on a daily basis .
jason turned back to the book again , and i spotted some sort of plant on the left page , although i had no idea what kind of flower , herb , or weed it might be .
` ` it 's just a pile of rocks and lots of flowers , trees , and herbs everywhere .
she even showed us some patches of dill , sage , and other herbs that she picked and took back to the academy to use in the kitchen .
but a new image took its place - one of covington alone in the library , poring over book after book , looking at pages covered with plants , herbs , and flowers .
the leaves ' metallurgic properties make it impossible for them to be administered in the way one might boil , cut , or grind up a more typical plant , herb , or root .
` ` hello , herb , '' leonora said .
` ` skip the compliments , herb .
` ` so , herb , what 's the major issue in the ' ask henrietta ' column this week ? ''
` ` you 're good , herb , '' leonora said admiringly .
` ` not yet , herb .
` ` the hell i do , '' herb called after her .
leonora gave up , told gloria to say hello to herb and ended the call .
chapter fourteen ` ` i ' m calling because a friend of mine needs some professional advice and herb is the only advice columnist i know , '' leonora said on the other end of the line .
` ` do n't tell herb , but between you and me , ' ask henrietta ' is the most popular column in the gazette .
` ` anything else herb should know about him ? ''
i 'll get back to you as soon as i talk to herb . ''
she made the trek to herb 's apartment in excellent time .
` ` ` ` i ' m not here about the column , herb , this is personal .
i ' m here in herb 's apartment .
` ` any advice on what to serve , herb ? ''
gloria looked at herb .
` ` i appreciate this , herb . ''
i think this is getting serious , herb . ''
` ` out of my way , herb . ''
` ` ask herb if wearing a sexy black dress will conflict with my image as a nurturing female .
thank herb for me . ''
` ` tell herb that the only dress my other friend has with her is a dark - green number with long sleeves and a cowl neckline .
` ` herb says green , '' gloria said .
she looked at herb .
` ` i 'll have to remember to thank herb .
she and herb had both seen the late - night movie when it first aired forty years earlier .
` ` i think she 's in love , herb .
` ` nothing lasts forever , herb .
` ` you 're a real smooth talker , herb . ''
` ` relax , you ' ve finally managed to sleep your way to the top , herb .
baskets of herbs and flowering plants hung from the ceiling .
he studied herbs and plants looking for a drug that would do the job . ''
thin stalks of emerald - green moss sprouted from the puddles , next to curly green shoots of ferns and tiny young herbs .
a lot of people in eclipse bay gardened , but none of them could match mitchell 's spectacular display of lush ferns , herb borders , and rosebushes .
she had heard about this fantasyland of lush ferns , exotic herbs , and exuberant roses for as long as she could recall .
some mumbo - jumbo herb treatment ? ''
he understood it - the ever - changing labyrinth of mud and water , the herbs , the flowers , the animals .
we use it to dry out herbs .
certain herbs .
sarah did n't know what they were , because she did n't know one herb from another .
it contains a number of herbs and roots in varying amounts . ''
since herbs should n't be cut with iron or steel , witches also possessed an herb knife made of copper or silver .
since herbs should n't be cut with iron or steel , witches also possessed an herb knife made of copper or silver .
juniper , mistletoe , basil , fennel , flax , rowan , and trefoil were protective herbs , and she grew these in abundance for use in sachet bags and protection wreaths .
she came here often to gather herbs and plants .
she had the necessary herbs : rosemary , yarrow , and meadow rue .
marian had cleaned up the herb garden , flower gardens , and rock garden , letting the plants reseed themselves .
she did n't remember seeing herbs in the vegetable garden .
also has enough land for a big kitchen garden , herb garden , and flower gardens , plus some ground gray says will suit the honey pears . ''
besides , the healer probably would like to have a little garden of her own to grow at least some of the herbs she uses for her healing brews .
a home of her own , with a garden big enough to grow food , flowers , and the herbs and other plants she could sell to healers for their special brews .
she 'd found herbs growing wild among the weeds and suspected there had been an herb bed and a kitchen garden on this side of the eyrie .
that was the only explanation he had for marian trying to clear , close to half an acre of land in order to plant a few vegetables , herbs , and flowers .
` ` lady marian wants a kitchen garden , a bed for herbs , and some flowers . ''
looking a little guilty , lia wandered through the herb garden , touching each plant as she passed .
but the herbs i have are several years old .
` ` those are herbs .
vegetable garden , herb garden , flower gardens '' , rock garden .
` ` the village had two physicians and a wise woman who could do a bit of herb healing .
of course all your better herbs were represented : you had your parsley , your sage , your rosemary , and several varieties of thyme , the lemon scented being my favorite .
the vegetable and herb gardens created for use not only in the on - site restaurant but for the community .
mallory had said the obelisk had been magicked , in part , by someone who knew his or her way around flowers and herbs , including the sassafras powder .
they waste money on herbs , on spells , on nonsense . ''
` ` i grow it in the herb garden . ''
i can give you some herbs to calm you even if you do n't want to remove the spirit . ''
i move my eyes from the bay and towards her herb patch .
her head fell to rest on his shoulder , the scent of mediterranean herbs and flowers drifting upward .
she flipped pages , lingered on an herb garden layout .
it was still furnished with her father 's queen anne bedroom furniture , but marnie had updated it a bit with a new terra - cotta matelasse spread and prints of flowering herbs and spices on the sage - colored walls .
he slid through the narrow walled garden , brushing by mint and parsley and other herbs whose scents he could n't name .
tansy is a flowering herb that grows in europe and asia . ''
i know all the chants and the right herbs and plants , but i just do n't have the gift the way he did . ''
she delivered babies and treated all sorts of things , mostly with plants and herbs .
and tea or , more precisely , herbs can ease the mind and soul into accepting the truth . ''
you do seem to have a way with herbs . ''
` ` only herbs , '' she smiled .
she worked in the gardens tending the vegetables and herbs .
there is a heavy presence of several other naturally growing herbs , all of which are known to cause violence and aggression when used in excess .
` ` maybe herbs or something .
` ` could be he was feeding the kids the same herbs he was taking . ''
go ahead and weed this here garden , but be careful for the herbs .
herb garden weeding was never easy because so many herbs resembled weeds .
herb garden weeding was never easy because so many herbs resembled weeds .
` ` howie and his wife , patty , grow and sell all sorts of herbs , '' explained marcus .
at one time , i had known the medicinal uses of all the common herbs , and not a few uncommon ones .
i had forgotten a lot , but as i wrote the names of the herbs , the look and the smell of each one began to come back to me - the dark , bituminous look and pleasant light smell of birch oil , the sharp tang of the mint family , the dusty sweet smell of chamomile and the astringency of bistort .
he did , however , prove surprisingly knowledgeable about herbs and medicinal substances .
` ` oh , she was most gratifyingly interested in the specimens of flora and fauna i had collected on the island ; she asked me about the locations and virtues of several different herbs .
i am also growing very short of useful herbs , since ian 's defection .
` ` and i can tell one herb from another by smell , i suppose , '' i said , and laughed .
the cave useful herbs , i wrote , and paused - as usual - to consider .
still , i thought , i 'd best just make a list here and jot down notes regarding each herb as they came to me , then make a clean draft when i 'd got it all straight and made sure to include everything , rather than try to do it all in a single run .
` ` to pick herbs and the like .
that recalled me abruptly to my business , and the next hour was spent in busy exploration , discussion of the merits and drawbacks of various medicinals , the selection of dried herbs from the vast drying sheds , and cutting of fresh ones from the beds .
` ` herb ?
taking a pen he scratched on his calendar : plant new herb gardenbest date ?
the kitchen door and windows opened to the herb and vegetable garden and more often than not they were left ajar to let the breeze through .
the figure , unmistakably a tiea by the lithe purposeful movement of the body , reached up with gloved hands and slowly removed the hood that was covering the head to reveal an elegant tieatarderi female , her well defined features lovely to behold , her platinum coloured hair , fine and long , dressed in tresses interleafed with herbs and flowers and small leaves from plants that inhabit the wilds .
one of the 11 planets containing wriggly , walky , breathy things in the hopeless , undeveloped but reasonably entertaining to look at from a safe distance sun system of the 38 planets in the 59 sunned district of herb is arguably the cleanest , most spotless floating orb within forty seven trillion parsecs of the 11 planets containing wriggly , walky , breathy things in the hopeless , undeveloped but reasonably entertaining to look at from a safe distance sun system of the 38 planets in the 59 sunned district of herb .
one of the 11 planets containing wriggly , walky , breathy things in the hopeless , undeveloped but reasonably entertaining to look at from a safe distance sun system of the 38 planets in the 59 sunned district of herb is arguably the cleanest , most spotless floating orb within forty seven trillion parsecs of the 11 planets containing wriggly , walky , breathy things in the hopeless , undeveloped but reasonably entertaining to look at from a safe distance sun system of the 38 planets in the 59 sunned district of herb .
for now i need to focus on the fact that we ve jumped many universes in the complete opposite direction from the planet hroon and the sunned district of herb .
he was a fine fellow that herb , and i could nt think of a better man to pass countless hl 's with .
heres how cool of a guy herb was .
hey herb , i m going to stick this needle in your eye and make you immortal , okay ?
all of the smartest , most intelligent , freethinking human beings joined herb 's expedition with the intent of forming a veritable utopia on mars .
under herbs steady guidance , they would succeed in doing so .
thanks to his injection , herb survived , and would go on to have the entire star district named after him .
after herb and me had injected ourselves with the immortality formula back on earth , we had carelessly tossed the seemingly empty syringe into the garbage .
a rare psychotropic herb that defies the rules of nature by only growing in the frozen conditions of the slopes of mount grucian on the glassvexx planet .
finally it was granted an orbital permit for somewhere in the great system of herb .
in the early days , the textbook chapters on psychotropic herbs were studied with fascination .
joseph and some of the other nameless that had come with us to the native village had been treating smith with our meager first aid supplies - they had a tiny iv hooked up to him giving him fluids from a bag - but two tribal women were constantly watching and chanting over smith , supplementing the modern medicine with whatever rituals and herbs they thought might help him pull through .
what dangerous herbs did i work with in my job ?
the sick , the dying i have the skills to help if only i could find the right herbs to help them .
edging these paths were narrow gardens carefully tended by the initiates and planted with flowers and herbs indigenous to yarilo .
whilst myme chlo slept in the last of the sun , the scholar dressed and then calmly set about packing provisions - dried meat , tubers he 'd shown myme chlo were edible , and other roots and herbs that he 'd earlier sent the child out to collect .
kaleb busily sorted herbs when a voice behind him spoke , ` ` fourth level kaleb , is n't it ? ''
different herbs and plants people had gathered from the different areas of the trails were dried and crushed down into powders with different purposes .
in 2011 , i visit him in early spring and bring him starter plants from my local farmers ' market so he can start or add to an herb garden .
then louis was off again , rooting about the clearing and a nearby streambed to find ingredients for a soup ; basil , parsley , rosemary , tubers , wild potatoes and a few other herbs were found to the joys of the others .
the white queen introduced to louis a small , odd - colored herb .
` ` mama , they are the same herbs the holy father provided for you in florence , '' she said cheerily .
she loved flowers and plants and wanted to become a florist specializing in exotic flowers , herbs , and native plant species and habitat restoration .
i told them you were a healer who had special knowledge of herb lore and were sought by me to help heal my mother , who is gravely ill in taunton .
he has a high knowledge of herb lore which is unknown to the healers in taunton .
he uses herbs and plants which only grow near the grayflood river .
i have found a few herbs which should help but i am a healer not . ''
no actual herbs grew here , rather it seemed to be a showcasing room for artificial trees and bird habitats .
coraline found some packets of vegetable seeds in the back of the store , and grabbed several boxes of tomato , carrots , cucumber , pumpkin , zucchini , and onion seeds , as well as a case marked ` ` mixed herbs '' .
once their grains were in , they spent the last part of april and the better part of may tilling and prepping as many vegetable plots as they could reasonably care for , and by the end of may , had tomatoes , onions , cucumbers , pumpkins , zucchini , and herbs starting to grow in the front yards of the townspeople .
denise took great pride in her cucumber patch and rows of herbs .
` ` but , you ca n't , '' mother said to herself as she walked down the rows of herbs .
violet in my first weeks of training for medical , i learned everything there was to know about the medicinal qualities of plants and herbs , first aid , minor surgical techniques , and most awesomely , how to deliver a baby .
a small beam of hazy yellow light emerges and the vortex appears over the herbs absorbing them and sucking them up after transforming them to a light ball of yellow energy .
my herb collection almost doubled .
he also made me collect , prepare the remedies , and preserve the seeds for all the herbs we used .
she wanted me to pick a few herbs and grow them there .
avon made a mental note to return in the spring and plant a small patch of herbs hoping they would multiply and grow wild .
then there were the rows of sweet potatoes and turnips , and closer to the little farmhouse , in the summer there were tomatoes , peppers , herbs , and squash that dad had coaxed out of the rocky soil with the help of our compost pile .
chapter ten of the meaning of life ` ` watching the herbs grow ? ''
sometimes it curled up on top of the sill of one of the deep window alcoves and watched the play of light and shadow on the greenery , or the quick rain shower fascicles playing their unexpected dances on the overheated herbs .
` ` sure , honey , just get some fresh ones from the garden , '' she said , and watched um step out into the sunshine and bend over the herb bed with a graceful stance straight out of a medieval painting , its copper curls glowing like fire against its chocolate skin .
she tried to look outraged , but the kids were way out of sight by now , leaving echoes of their laughter between the stone walls and followed by sys who completely forgot her herb project and joined them in their roughly planned adventure .
sarah made great efforts not to crack a smile through repeated lectures about josephine 's sensitive temperament and stomachs , and tried to chase from her mind the vivid images of vegetable , herb and flower beds looking like the surface of the moon after the dragon was done with them .
she wanted to know more about him , obviously , his favorite foods , what music he preferred , stories from his childhood , but the conversation always diverted back to her and since she was a bit of a gossip she picked up the talk and ran with it , regaling him with stories about sys and her magical hands , purple music , her adventures among the stars , the games she played with her friends on the beach as a child , sister roberta 's innovative genius , sarah 's lovely realm of herbs and cats , sister joseph and her always hungry dragon , anything and everything she could think of .
i poured out a libation , i built an altar on the peak of the mountain , by seven herbs i cut , at the bottom of them i placed reeds , pines and simgar .
i would use my knowledge of herbs to help this woman .
` ` i might be able to get some herbs that will help but there 's no guarantee . ''
i need some specific herbs and i do n't know where to find them on the destiny . ''
knows his roots and herbs also .
and i will show you herb lore and all the healing properties of the many plants you will find on your quest , spoke sally in turn .
she would show her how to prepare meat stored up from summer and what each plant and herb was used for .
like hunting and cooking and herb lore .
i have a sample of the herbs , which i plan to examine when we get back to the trident .
he could nt hold her weighty gaze and glanced to the potted plants and herbs at the base of the platform : mint and kale , tomatillos , garlic , lavender and the sage that he mistook as stevia .
just some gentle , common herbs .
no longer a region covered by an array of grasses , herbs , flowers and bushes and populated with the provider 's most diverse collection of creatures .
hazel had jotted down descriptions and rough sketches of all the animals , herbs , and insects that she had encountered in her life .
` ` traditional corn , beans , and squash remain the primary foods , '' doc noted , ` ` and they also grow traditional artichokes , pumpkins , sunflowers , tobacco , and herbs .
inventory of medicinal herbs , fungi , and substances .
` ` my son , this is an exotic herb that actually originated here on earth .
draagh gave her a sheepish grin and said , ` ` i prefer to call it by its proper scientific name on earth , which is cannabis sativa , and i must insist that it is quite a noble herb . ''
you depleted all of your resources while vaporizing the face of the arrogant fool who traveled to this world with us , '' exclaimed draagh as he puffed away on his pipe , which caused donus and krynos to wave their hands around in a vain attempt to dissipate the aromatic fragrances of his beloved herb .
i must meditate on this , herbs must be taken .
the shredded herbs that surrounded it seemed softer , but looked less edible .
fawkes had studied the herb life on junior and come to the conclusion that an acre of junior 's surface , properly seeded and watered , could support ten times the number of grazing animals that an acre of earthly alfalfa could .
aromatic herbs .
then there were two investigators , alan and herb : one tall and handsome ; the other chubby , with a pockmarked face and a camera hanging around his neck .
walt said , ` ` well , -- that was the great now - departed herb caen 's term for little old ladies ... there 's always one of them , everywhere .
to herb maime , buckman said , ` ` get me mcnulty on the phone .
` ` god damn you , '' he said to her , closing the office door before herb maime could catch a glimpse of her .
into his intercom buckman said , ` ` herb , make sure they put both a microtrans and a heterostatic class eighty warhead on him .
again pressing the button of his intercom he said , ` ` herb , have a twenty - four - hour surveillance put on that pop singer heather hart or whatever she calls herself .
white - face , herb maime climbed the stairs two steps at a time , peering up at buckman .
` ` my wife , '' he said to herb maime .
herb thumped him on the back and said nothing ; the two men walked across the lawn in silence .
` ` nothing i have to say is -- '' ` ` listen , '' herb said .
` ` the marshals who are opposed to you , '' herb said , ` ` and who know about the '' -- he hesitated -- '' the incest -- will say that she committed suicide .
` ` what i want you to see , '' herb said , ` ` and i ' m afraid you 're going to have to take a look at it now , which is n't an ideal time with alys just recently dead and -- '' ` ` it 's our coroner , '' buckman said .
he did not understand what herb was getting at .
` ` so we can say , '' herb said , ` ` that -- '' ` ` that elements within the police hierarchy hostile to my campus and labor - camp policies took revenge by murdering my sister , '' buckman said tightly .
as he inspected the various papers , herb , in his own office , began typing out the first informal statement which buckman would make public concerning the death of his sister .
seated behind the desk he read over herb 's first draft .
leaning over , herb looked to see , too .
together , they gazed down at the publicity still , wordlessly , until finally herb said , ` ` let 's see what else there is . ''
` ` then what was taverner doing in watts , '' herb maime said , ` ` buying forged i d cards ? ''
he turned to the next page of the file , hurling the first page away ; it fell to the floor and herb retrieved it .
` ` but during the interval in which the drug is active the subject exists , or thinks he exists -- '' ` ` there 's no difference , '' herb said , ` ` between the two .
to buckman , herb said , ` ` i want to explain one thing i said .
` ` this whole planet , '' herb said , ` ` is run by bureaucrats . ''
` ` this is a nice gun , '' herb said , weighing it , balancing it in his hand .
he glanced up , into herb 's face .
emerging from his office , herb maime sized up the situation and declared , ` ` i 'll book him and take their statements , mr . buckman .
get some junior - grade eager cadet type to drive me home , or , like herb said , go to one of the good downtown motels .
but i can unpick him , he thought , as herb pointed out .
the fragrance of flowers and herbs wafted to teg from somewhere down this alley .
valerian , probably , thought sera , though her knowledge of medicinal herbs of the era was limited .
cargo ships from the outskirts whose tired crews look as though they hauled straight space to get here unload crates of raw herbs that will be processed and used to create kosh - one of the more expensive designer drugs , available only under the dome .
verrick is able to - ` ` herb moore blocked their way .
and beneath that , benteley 's deep aversion and doubt , his distrust of verrick and his dislike of herb moore .
` ` he killed herb moore , '' shaeffer said .
` ` i do n't intend to bring in anything to do with herb moore .
there were only a half - dozen e - mails of importance , the first from herb lowenstein , asking to see him .
evans wandered down the hall to herb 's office .
` ` what 's herb want me for ? ''
at the next table , herb lowenstein looked shocked , his mouth open .
he ran into herb lowenstein in the hall , walking toward a conference room .
` ` i ' m sorry , herb .
` ` he instructed me in writing , herb . ''
` ` no , herb . ''
` ` this is herb lowenstein .
` ` evans , it 's herb lowenstein .
` ` well , herb .
it was replaced by a plains - type vegetation of oak trees and prairie herbs .
` ` what 's going on , herb ? ''
` ` the aircraft is being sealed , '' herb said , ` ` as required by law . ''
` ` then we 're going , herb . ''
see , doc always played poker monday nights with charley and al and herb johnstone , over at herb 's place , and we figured that he 'd spread the word around then .
i ' m off the tranks- '' fuck that shit , '' as we used to say back in college - but that 's only been for the last couple of days , and even with herb pitching in and helping like mad , a lot of the world has been so much scrambled eggs .
he just sat there between me and herb with two of his toys on his lap - a pink van he calls ` ` dweem fwoatah '' and the action figure that goes with it , a sexy little redhead named cassandra styles .
herb is sure he does n't know ( ` ` the kid does n't even know where he is , '' herb says ) , but i wonder .
herb is sure he does n't know ( ` ` the kid does n't even know where he is , '' herb says ) , but i wonder .
mostly he just sits plonked down out there in the sandbox herb put in as soon as we got back from toledo , like a big boy - shaped raisin , wearing only his motokops 2200 underoos ( he has the lunchbox , too ) , mouthing his nonsense words , playing with his vans and the action figures that go with them , especially the sexy redhead in the blue shorts .
i do n't know if herb feels that as much as i do , but i know he feels some of it .
do n't laugh , but there ' ve even been a couple of incidents like the poltergeist phenomena they sometimes dramatize on what herb calls ` ` the psycho - reality shows '' .
i had a conversation with him at the undertaker 's , while herb was signing the transferral forms .
talking to herb is no good ; he calls it displaced grief .
in the end , though , herb had been able to find himself one more time .
the thing in seth had eventually eaten herb alive and now it was trying to eat her , but she was apparently different from herb in one crucial way : she had a place to go .
the thing in seth had eventually eaten herb alive and now it was trying to eat her , but she was apparently different from herb in one crucial way : she had a place to go .
sometimes she would tell janice about seth - how he had come to stay , and how neither she nor herb had seen or suspected ( at least at first ) what was inside seth , a thing that was being very still , watching them and husbanding its strength and waiting for the right time to come out .
sometimes on these occasions she would tell jan how much she missed herb and how terrified she was ... how she felt caught , like a fly in a web or a coyote in a leghold trap .
although , not long before herb died- no .
but how could herb have known that would happen ?
it had been working on herb , yes , she knew that now , but it had been doing so almost as silently as a leech that battens on a person below the waterline .
the walls , which herb had panelled himself in first - quality finished pine , had been stippled with spikes seth had found in herb 's garage workshop .
the walls , which herb had panelled himself in first - quality finished pine , had been stippled with spikes seth had found in herb 's garage workshop .
david carver , who had sometimes played poker with herb and herb 's friends on thursday nights , lay on his front walk like a beached whale .
david carver , who had sometimes played poker with herb and herb 's friends on thursday nights , lay on his front walk like a beached whale .
` ` ah - oh , '' he said in his toneless voice - soundings she and herb had speculated might mean audrey , hello - and then walked out of the kitchen .
while i was emptying the dishwasher , herb came in waving a religious tract he found sticking out of the milkbox around at the side door amp ; yelling ` ` hallelujah !
( herb calls it ` ` seth 's rooty the robot walk '' . )
i asked if seth was awake amp ; herb said no , he 'd been down the hall to check and he was fast asleep .
at breakfast , herb pulled his chair over next to seth 's , the way he does when he really wants to talk to him .
in some ways i think herb is braver than i ever could be .
then herb said , ` ` and if we absolutely ca n't find it , we 'll get you a new one , '' amp ; everything went to hell .
when i finally got control of myself enough to look up , herb was getting the mop for under the dishwasher .
` ` i guess he 's sort of committed to the old dream floater , '' is all herb said .
and i ' ve been careful not to tell herb that i ' m keeping a journal .
and every night when herb and i lie down , i see in my husband 's eyes what he must see in mine - that we made it thru another one , amp ; if we made it thru today , we can make it thru tomorrow .
i have thought about taking him back to the doctor , sure , of course , i ' m sure herb has , too ... but not seriously .
her legs , long and pretty ( the first things about her to attract herb back in the days when she had still been audrey garin ) , were stretched out before her , and peter almost stumbled over them in his sleepwalk to the front door .
herb got up with seth this morning , ran through the shower with him ( saves lots of time ) , and when they came down seth was sulking amp ; herb had .
herb got up with seth this morning , ran through the shower with him ( saves lots of time ) , and when they came down seth was sulking amp ; herb had .
i looked at herb amp ; he gave me a little head - shake , telling me to keep quiet .
he screamed , at the top of his lungs , and herb kind of winced .
` ` do n't you swear like that in front of your aunt audrey , '' herb said , and i was afraid at the look the slb threw at him then , very afraid , but herb 's look back never wavered .
when they were cackling away in there ( he always turns up the volume , which is sometimes good ) i asked herb how he was going to explain his black eye when he got to work .
the worst part of today has n't been seth throwing things like he did when herb suggested we could buy a replacement dream floater .
i 'll write something in here i ' ve never told herb .
i think the slb can find things out from herb that he ca n't from me , amp ; herb looks so tired .
i think the slb can find things out from herb that he ca n't from me , amp ; herb looks so tired .
thank god he was napping when the doorbell rang , amp ; thank god herb 's at work , because the slb eavesdrops on herb 's mind sometimes , i know he does .
this means leaving tracts like the one herb found sticking out of our milkbox , the one about a million years in hell amp ; not one drink of water .
i must think up a yarn to tell seth , then tell the same one to herb .
seth amp ; herb both sleeping .
herb only had one question : how did the pw get down there in the first place ?
i do n't dare tell herb about this .
june 26 , 1995 waited until herb was at work - i did n't want him to go , he looked so pale and ill , but he said he had an important report to finish and a big presentation this afternoon - then went out back to talk to seth .
he was sitting in the sandbox , playing quietly with his motokops guys , the hq crisis center , and what herb jokingly calls ` ` the ponderosa '' .
this is a ranch - and - corral set - up that herb saw at a yard - sale on his way home from work one day in march or april .
i told myself i was completely crazy , and then i thought about the dream floater herb amp ; i saw in the back yard .
sure i do : from herb .
and i think that herb knows it , too .
` ` yes , '' i reply , knowing that a ) seth has no money ; b ) seth can hardly talk to herb and me , let alone to store - clerks he does n't know ; c ) seth never leaves the back yard .
i went out to the garage amp ; found herb sitting at his workbench , wearing nothing but the jockeys he sleeps in , amp ; crying .
oh herb , i ' m so sorry , i love you , i ' m sorry .
` ` herb and i took him in , and in some ways - in many ways , actually - i was never sorry .
` ` it killed herb and replenished itself .
even after it drove the hobarts away and killed herb , i had no idea of its powers .
` ` since herb died , seth and i have lived a quiet life , '' audrey said .
there are pictures on the strange , fleshy walls ; one a group portrait of his family with him sitting between his brother and sister , one a photo of him standing between aunt audrey and uncle herb on the lawn of this house .
` ` i know because it tried to get into herb .
when it discovered it could n't use herb to do that , it killed him . ''
so i found an old silk kerchief to tie over his head , and gave him a clip - on gold hoop to put in his ear , and unearthed an old pair of herb 's pj 's for pantaloons .
in his frozen brain a limited world stretched out of an archaic nature ; herb asher supposed himself to be back on the little planet of the cy3o - cy3ob system where he had maintained his dome in those crucial years ... crucial , in that he had met rybys rommey , migrated back to earth with her , after formally marrying her , and then getting himself interrogated by the terran authorities and , as if that were not enough , getting himself perfunctorily killed in an air collision that was in no way his fault .
however , inasmuch as herb asher imagined himself still back in his dome in the star system cy3o - cy3ob , he did not realize that rybys was dead .
this is awful , herb asher realized .
i 'll bet the mother ship is directly overhead , herb asher said to himself .
again pressing the switch of the external bullhorn , herb asher yelled after the retreating figure , ` ` you think james joyce was crazy , is that what you think ?
i got bugs all in my meal , herb asher thought , and i got deities all in my reception .
somebody 's playing ajoke on you , herb .
to herb asher , rybys said .
a stewardess brought rybys a paper cup of water ; elias and herb lifted her to a sitting position and she took the cup in her hands .
yah , herb asher thought .
` ` i 'll stay out here with him , '' herb said , ` ` while you get me the printout .
` ` herb , '' rybys said .
you do that , herb .
` ` it 's multiple sclerosis , '' herb said , ` ` which is not- '' ` ` i did n't ask you what she has ; i asked you if it is contagious . ''
in a small compartment marked crew only the senior immigration agent faced herb asher , staring at him silently ; the man 's eyes bulged as if he were unable to speak , as if what he had to say could not be said .
` ` there is someone else , '' herb said as they moved rybys step by step up the aisle .
i guess elias got away , herb asher thought .
staring at the doctor in fear , herb said , ` ` but she 's six months into her pregnancy ! ''
` ` you ca n't do it without her consent , herb said ; his fear became wild .
yah has cooked the audio signal , herb asher realized .
` ` no , i do n't , '' herb said , and found himself in the corridor ; supporting rybys he walked step by step back down the corridor to the lounge .
elias tate , herb said to himself .
but , unlike other men , herb asher knows who i am .
a new word formed , a greek word : parakalein reaching out , herb asher took the boy in his arms .
and now you also , herb . ''
as if , herb thought , eating was for him a solemn ritual .
` ` then , '' herb said , ` ` that 's why belial has not attacked you .
a game , herb asher realized .
the part of him that derives from his mother , herb asher realized , is ten years old .
skimming countless worlds , herb asher thought .
both herb and elias remained puzzled ; herb asher thought , each of them knows what the other means , but i do n't .
chilled , herb said , ` ` belial ? ''
` ` i do n't know , herb .
i 'll have to trust in him , herb ; there is no way- '' he gestured .
in the cocktail lounge herb asher sat with a glass of scotch and water in front of him .
what a beautiful child , herb asher thought .
how are you , herb ?
` ` my head hurts , herb ; i 'd like to get out of here . ''
as i woke herb asher ! ''
seated in the listening room of the store , herb said to his partner , ` ` i met a striking and very peculiar little boy last night , at a cocktail lounge in hollywood . ''
` ` elias , '' herb said , ` ` the boy i met last night - he looked like rybys . ''
` ` hi , '' she said to herb , her hands thrust into the pockets of her jacket .
elias tate walked up to herb 's car .
do n't go around saying god told you this is a fake universe , herb .
` ` i do n't think anyone creates a fake universe , '' herb said , ` ` since it is n't there . ''
` ` it 's a way of seeing the real world , '' herb said .
` ` i just know , '' herb said , ` ` that i was caused to remember , made to remember , the real world .
` ` if i got mixed up with anybody else , '' herb said , ` ` i know who it would be .
` ` come on out to the west coast , herb , '' linda said .
death , herb asher thought .
in its mind the goat - creature laughed ; herb asher experi- enced its glee .
jesus , herb asher thought .
` ` you are out of the cage that zina put you in , ' herb asher said .
she had a small herb garden she was extremely proud of : dill , vervain , mint , rosemary , thyme , and a wild expanse of parsley .
just about every lethal cocktail i 'd ever devised had been from over - the - counter drugs or flowers and herbs available everywhere .
` ` my mother uses herbs , '' said adam .
lama khemsar , the head of the monastery , had taught painter the purposes of the hundreds of herbs : for purification , to foster divine energies , to dispel disruptive thoughts , even to treat asthma and the common cold .
at the far end of the lawn , duncan , ten and still sandy - haired , was helping our mother with the small herb garden .
he 's spent a lifetime studying the effects of various herbs .
herbs are probably at the core of the physician 's art , but some things ca n't be cured with herbs alone , so arell and argak took me to see salheim the smith , who 's also a very good bone - setter .
herbs are probably at the core of the physician 's art , but some things ca n't be cured with herbs alone , so arell and argak took me to see salheim the smith , who 's also a very good bone - setter .
' it was n't really a spell , asrana - just a mixture of some fairly common herbs . '
i restricted his diet to some degree and stirred up compounds of some fairly exotic herbs to control an increasing number of infirmities .
no introduction of exotic herbs into the diets of contestants or of their horses .
some of those herbs might be very useful . '
they do it with all them secret herbs , you know : ' i always choked just a little when i heard one of them say that , largely because he pronounced the ' h ' in ' herbs ' .
` ` methinks they have some strange property concealed within their blushing petals that may be of some interest to lady polgara - some healing agent too subtle for my limited familiarity with unguents and aromatic herbs to discern . ''
she fed him herself , the honey and water and herb mixture that sustained life .
the smallfolk often name their daughters after flowers and herbs . ''
if the necessary herbs can be found , then maybe by next full moon .
liyra , they know nothing about herbs .
if he tries to go , do not let him under any circumstancestell him anything : the herbs are nt finished , the land is dangerous , he s still too woundedbut do not release him .
he no longer cared about stinging herbs .
amazing , reallyit was not often thought of the way herbs could harm as well as heal .
someone had limped down into her hollow , and she was moving amongst her herb - boulders now , collecting the plants she would need .
an herb .
the herb used is called ginkgo .
dirk has concocted a divertive of the herb by extracting only a small concentrated portion of ginkgo and created a new plant called gink .
recently their aunt had been teaching them a lot about herbs and their efficiency .
its some kind of plant or herb .
dried herbs hung from the rafters and a cauldron loomed over a blue flamed fire .
in the mountain valleys , he picked up dried berries and mountain herbs .
in addition to her vast knowledge of plants and herbs , she was a wise observer of human behavior as well .
the healer was at the back of her hut , examining the medicinal herbs she grew , when raven arrived .
trees are the most difficult and can only be lured by the most talented and skilled lurers of all , while herbs and smaller plants should be moderate in difficulty to many earth lurers .
a potion of herbs steeped in a mothers knowledge .
with his precise , delicate fingers , he quickly began to break up the small herbs and roots .
some of the homeowners , like mrs . mazzilli , maintain flower and vegetable gardens beyond the concrete , including a couple of impressive ones with herbs , fig trees , and vines loaded with berries , grapes , and string beans .
they were herbs for a tea .
three short steps led her down into the fragrantly verdant herb garden , spread out in decorative grids behind the main keep .
she worked her way wearily through the herbs , moving further and further from the keeps towering height , back toward the circular gazebo which sat alongside their small pond .
he even tends to grams herb garden when she ca nt get around to it .
and herbs can be replanted .
some witches need years of research on herbs and the elements to understand what they can do .
and along the walls are shelves that take up the entire length and width of the room , standing about six feet high , overgrown with various herbs and plants .
other solutions : call a priest / pastor , wiccan , medicine man , psychic / medium , use crystals , sea salt , holy water , smudge different herbs , etc etc etc .
twice , no , three times she had to race out to the garden to harvest an herb , a leaf or a root from another plant .
they owned several gardens with all their favorite flowers and herbs for potions .
hidden were dried plants and a list of herbs with ambrosii 's name at the top .
as a youth , he dissected animals and collected herbs and minerals .
the chamberlain practically leapt into the cart , scattering fake jewelry , tailor 's discards , cured skins of half - animals gobber 'd eaten on the road , inedible bundles of herbs that lemny 'd taken the tasty seeds off of ( except the ruttidge , which he had n't gotten to yet ) , a few unidentified glass vials and stoppered ampules they 'd sifted from an abandoned workshop , innumerable amber - colored beads that lemny rolled from sticky plant sap and flower parts when he was bored , a length of new rope gobber had spent each night weaving before bed from the abundant ropeweed , lumpy clay bowls he 'd palmed together and kilned ineffectually over the campfire , a few bones ( bleached by setting them on top of the cart 's awning under the suns ) , stone knives with sharp knapped blades and handles sopped out of plant latex and heated to gummy rubber , a glass lens -- whoop , the chamberlain let it slip and smash on the floor in his haste , one big chunk and a powder of broken glass -- ` ` that 'll be a yenti and a nick , under our ' you break it , you bought it ' policy , '' lemny said politely .
the kings forest is a rich store for herbs and plants the likes of which you have never seen .
she was looking forward to the next day , when she and lazelan were to go on their first trip together to the kings forest to learn about new herbs shed never seen .
the hours leading up to lunch found lazelan , aylan , millie , oslan and carn hiking and picking herbs in the kings forest .
as they walked along forest paths , stopping to pick certain herbs , lazelan quizzed aylan on the passing vegetation and their uses .
aylan also took to pointing out different herbs to millie , and passed them to her to carry once they were harvested .
following suit , millie continued to harvest the herbs as well .
aylan and sasha spent quite a bit of time together picking herbs in the forest and transforming lazelans old laboratory into aylans own .
the seeds are turning into cute little sprouts and the herb plants are starting to fill in .
i found out that my uncle philip is an herb doctor .
they had even gone wildcrafting for fresh herbs .
everyone thought i was named after the herb .
i had one of the servants plant me some edible herbs .
my herbs are growing , though not yet edible .
and different herbs and flowers so it can do its job properly .
there were small floating green pieces which , had we been back in the compound , would have been greatly concerning , but here might actually be luce , i think these green floaters are herbs .
there was greenhouse hidden amongst shrubs and trees of various shapes and sizes , which they used to grow a few of the specialty plants and herbs required to make potions .
maybe , said mica i have some plants and herbs i ' ve been collecting .
willow handed liam a pouch filled with tubers and herbs .
with an experienced eye he stepped carefully around the herbs .
some with fruit hanging from overburdened branches , also herbs and flowers .
the backyard looked strangely palethe roses , the flowers potted next to them , even the herbs planted out in the yard frail and muted grey .
an ornate wrought iron fence with spears separated the flowerbeds from the old herb garden .
collecting herbs does not get you that dirty .
there were wild berries and herbs and roots in the forest .
woodslore and herbs and animals are important to me .
the herbs may still be messing with my head .
her grandmother 's tea was a special recipe handed down over generations and made from herbs her grandmother grew herself .
we have all lost a friend in herb .
do you remember a month ago when i snuck you out of the palace for a vacation at my manor , you went out to my gardens pick herbs for one of your potions ?
the kitchen gardens contained the orchard , the vegetable garden , and the herb garden that supplied so much food for the courtiers .
i m learning a lot about different herbs and how to use them to make medicines .
i ' m collecting herbs that i need for my work she replied .
i thought that the herbs sold in herbalist 's all came from greenhouses .
i will compensate you tomorrow by showing you how to make infusions and teas with the herbs we are going to collect , instead of torturing you with the protection circle emma waited for luna to nod in agreement .
some have what look to be dried herbs .
i have very little knowledge of herbs .
... today were going to work on identifying different herbs .
we have to quickly sketch and explain each herb .
our homework is to complete the last column describing the uses of the herbs .
still , sometimes he prayed in secret to the goddess for the return of rosa , and he tried to live a balanced life , between the hot noisy forge and the cool leafy garden of herbs and roses and cabbages , which he had replanted .
besides anyone can become a notary public , tell them you re a notary public and sign the damn thing herb .
i m herb by the way .
her ability with the herbs of the field was impressive .
all along the house and in every part of the yard that was not used , edak had planted herbs .
the herbs were harvested and sold .
dozens of varieties of medicinal herbs poked out like tiny fingers , pointing up toward the blazing sun .
i am going near the forest to look for more herbs to grow .
i am going to burn grass and gather herbs .
he still raised herbs for healing , but he spent his spare time clearing more suitable land , planting more of the hybrid grass .
growing herbs that heal is actually my trade .
i mind your asking , herb , thomas said .
herb , this is not the time or place , charity said .
well , it should be , herb said .
thanks herb .
danger lurks around every corner but the sisters surprisingly find protection in most unusual ways through a medicine woman , mythological animals , herbs and other mystical means .
she gives remedies made from herbs and roots .
diane told me herbs and plants grown throughout the front and back yards .
the herbs will protect you from evil , heather adds .
after it was over , heather gave us herbs to protect us from evil .
they too were evil and wanted the power of heebe - tee - tses spirit for themselves , but spirit deer and the herbs heather gave you warded off their attack .
how she loves her gardens and herbs !
the smell of damp earth and leaves brought me back to working in my dads herb garden and walking through the woods behind our house .
i remembered gardening with dad as he pointed out which leaves were weeds and which were the herbs .
maybe it would be more natural , like herbs or something , i do nt know .
the herbalist at kwasikrom is quite renowned and by using herbs , its not really an abortion , its a merciful termination .
a pair of iron gates closed off a small herb garden .
what if i told you that these herbs are as rare as a deannicle stone ?
the whole arrangement was bordered by ferns and leafy stalks with tiny bunches of white flowers , whose scent hinted of an herb .
medicine packaging loves to promote that shit - made using herbs grown for a million years in china , that sort of thing .
they drank tea made from herbs freshly picked from the presbytery garden .
having refused my offer of paying rent , she agreed to accept some help in the garden , so after breakfast i started to tackle the overgrown herb patch in front of the main house , clearing away the grass and weeds to reveal fragrant clumps of sage , rosemary and thyme .
she would like to demonstrate that god can use the broken by playing on herbs fiddle during the offertory .
when she finished playin it herb looked at his fiddle like it was a strange alien thing .
the store is full of things like herbs and flowers , leaves , bark , and roots .
and you re saying they are high on some herbs from the garden ?
she opened it up and smirked cruelly as she peered into the wide array of herbs , mosses and flowers .
it 's actually an herb , a member of the lily family .
` ` it was a common herb for cooking .
langdon had once visited the abbey 's famous college garden - a small fruit orchard and herb garden - left over from the days when monks grew natural pharmacological remedies here .
he described the poisons of the forest and the healing properties of tropical herbs , the pressure the palm kernel develops to break open its coconut , the length of a humming - bird 's tongue , and how crocodiles carry their young in their mouths laid lengthways like sardines in a tin .
very up - to - date equipment , and he 's even got his own herb garden .
it looks right over the herb garden .
they ' ve got their own herb garden , you know . ''
` ` i know all about their bloody herb garden .
the herb garden , row upon row of small nameless plants round a central sundial , smiled up at him .
the atmosphere was dense , almost suffocatingly so , with the sharp , unfamiliar odors of dried herbs , grasses , stalks , mushrooms , leaves , spoors , flower petals , and more .
here and there odd items of indeterminate nature - pots of herbs , clusters of roots , bouquets of dried flowers pressed into the shape of a fan - sprouted from floor or walls as if alive .
like the crybabies on wall street : ' we want to build trust , herb , continuity ... '' or : ' the youngster of today is the corporate officer of tomorrow - a loyal one . '
( in his thoughts herb had actually pulled himself short , substituting ' the president ' for ' lang - ford ' , and that made him angrier still ; it was part of the tension , part of the distance that white house authority demanded and dennison hated it ... after the inauguration and three years of calling him by his first name , jennings had spoken quietly to his chief of staff during one of the inaugural balls , spoken to him in that soft , jocular voice that dripped with self - deprecation and good humour .
' you know i do n't give a damn , herb , but i think the office - not me , but the office - sort of calls for you to address me as ` ` mr . president '' , do n't you think so , too ? '
the president had casually agreed with everything herb had proposed concerning the kendrick freak , but the responses had been too casual , bordering on disinterest , and that bothered the chief of staff .
by the way , herb , i had a call from sam winters this afternoon and i think he has a hell of an idea that would n't violate any of our security concerns , and , as a matter of fact , could explain them . '
come on , herb , sam winters has been an adviser to presidents of both parties for as long as i can remember .
that 's hardly what i - ' ' it certainly is what you meant , herb , and that 's okay with me .
is that clear , herb ? '
' the point , herb , is that i wo n't be a chintzy bastard .
you were right about that part , herb .
president - ' ' schedule it , herb .
' also , herb , i want the marine band .
' thanks , herb . '
' it 's that modest low profile you keep , herb .
' on herb ? '
one of these days herb 's going to get more curious than we want him - ' ' forget him , ' interrupted mrs . vanvlanderen .
it was full of herbs and cottage plants that had died back from the cold .
last year , the bullets and babes gun and knife show had been in chicago , and i 'd attended with my partner , herb benedict , for the express purpose of buying a semi - automatic .
but there are herbs .
there are plants , altair - herbs from distant lands - that can cause a man to take leave of his senses .
on board , we met captain jimmy mccann and his copilot , herb .
my eyes became accustomed to the light , and to perceive objects in their right forms ; i distinguished the insect from the herb , and , by degrees , one herb from another .
my eyes became accustomed to the light , and to perceive objects in their right forms ; i distinguished the insect from the herb , and , by degrees , one herb from another .
if anyone would know if marguerite could be tracked by her cell phone , herb would .
once they were on the bus headed for the amstel hotel , thomas pulled out his cell phone to call herb .
he hoped if he called herb now , by the time they 'd checked in and he 'd fed , herb would have marguerite 's present coordinates for him .
he hoped if he called herb now , by the time they 'd checked in and he 'd fed , herb would have marguerite 's present coordinates for him .
thomas moved quickly back to the table to write down the latest coordinates herb was giving him , said thanks , snapped his phone closed , and straightened to glance around just as inez closed the suite door .
knowing the calls were due to his worry about marguerite , thomas had n't snapped at him like he would have liked to do , but merely told him he 'd called herb for new coordinates , would head out as soon as the man called back with them , and would let bastien know the moment he 'd found marguerite .
he 'd then hung up on him only to have the phone ring again as herb called to give him the updated coordinates .
he 'd left the coordinates herb had given him in the other room , but did n't really need them , he had perfect recall and avoiding her was the best idea until that first bag of blood had left his system .
` ` you forgot the coordinates your friend herb gave you , '' inez said quietly as he glanced over his own writing .
he would have taken her right there against the dark alley wall if not for herb 's phone call .
they 'd probably have to call his friend , herb , and have him track her phone once more and inez was beginning to fear they would spend the whole night hurrying from spot to spot chasing after her until near sunrise when she 'd settle into whatever hotel she was stopping at .
` ` this is herb longford , '' the man answered , his english accent very thick .
she did n't want thomas 's friend herb calling back and wondering why they had n't checked them out .
` ` i checked a map , the location i sent you both to after the escape night club should have been a park , '' herb explained .
there was a moment of silence and then herb said , ` ` but you know what happened .
thanks , herb .
hanging up , he quickly punched in herb 's number .
could you double check the coordinates , herb ? ''
thank you , herb .
` ` but herb gave me new coordinates and we do n't have a lot of time . ''
thomas did n't wait for bastien to say goodbye or hang up , but slapped the phone back in its cradle and snatched it back right away as he punched in herb 's number .
the moment herb agreed , thomas said thanks and hung up .
jeanne was hustling through a doorway into the open air.there was a kind of garden here just outside the kitchen , with scraggly fnut trees and what lookedlike herbs .
sister mattie was very opinionated on the subject of herbs .
shea had planted a garden , vegetable and herb .
` ` mikhail , i will need herbs .
a meadow spread out before her covered in green grass , beds of herbs , and fields of wildflowers .
shea and gregori wanted to meet with him to discuss the various herbs and plants he used to keep so many of you alive . ''
they also needed herbs and other nutrients .
or i will teach you more about the local herbs and how to use them to heal . ''
we use the herbs and plants that abound in our world .
instead he crushed herbs , soothing , healing herbs that carried the scents of their homeland to them .
he recognized herbs and plants , roots , dried and hung around the room .
the sun was up , shining on the herbs in the garden .
its paint was not exactly peeling , but it was faded , and its garden was overgrown with herbs gone to seed and lettuces that had bolted .
they simply may ask for quantities of dried herbs for their experiments .
flowers made me spend studying herbs ?
it was neither pretty nor fragrant ; in fact , it looked like one of the herbs cordelia grew down by the servants ' quarters .
she knows her herbs , and she says there 's a plant called vervain . ''
i ' ve heard much about your knowledge of native herbs , '' he said , offering his hand to her .
and , of course , there are herbs that can protect us . ''
` ` it ai n't nothing but a herb .
this herb could stop the devil .
there were certain herbs she would n't touch in the apothecary .
searching for herbs and mushrooms .
divining , and about herbs .
flowers to teach her magic , she had expected something , wel , cooler than being handed a heavy book on herbs .
she lifted out another book just as thick as the volume on herbs mrs .
it went by a name roughly translated as the demon herb .
` ` he said the demon herb is west of here .
's warning about the demon herb .
she could choose to specialize in gems or herbs or ritual clothing ; in chants or runes or research or amulets ... in hundreds of things , but nothing taught at u.c .
her garden had always been her haven , where she could retire from life 's troubles and just relax , digging in the earth with the aroma of flowers and herbs around her .
plants and herbs lined the sill of a dark window .
one of the teachers , ms . whittaker , was an amateur botanist who was always happy to supply ms . terwilliger with various plants and herbs .
i had two spells in mind that i could perform without physical components , so at least i did n't have to explain any crystals or herbs .
rynn cormel 's gaze roved over the scattered herbs crushed underfoot , and i warmed , wondering if he knew i 'd been experimenting with ways to safely curb ivy 's blood lust .
` ` i do n't know ... . '' my nose tickled as i weeded through the stack of herbs i 'd been messing with to modify an existing charm to give ivy a measure of control over her blood lust .
` ` there 's an herb with a white and gold flower , one of those long names no one can pronounce .
as promised , the bottle was encased in a block of bluish ice with flowers and herbs pressed inside , as fresh as the day they were frozen .
` ` plants of every type ; herb , root , and leaf .
peppers and herbs might be cultivated by a tribe for two hundred years before anyone thinks to grow wheat or corn .
but damon had his own knowledge of herbs and had ransacked mrs .
flowers was frantical y pul ing great swaths of dried herbs down from where they hung above the kitchen table .
we stilltalk about different uses for my herbs . ''
but they do n't enjoy the herbs i grow for putting on scrapes and cuts and sprains and such .
there must have been some kind of accelerant in with the herbs and roots , elena thought , because flames shot up immediately , blue and green at their base .
they did n't use deodorant , although a couple had strings of wildflowers or naturally scented herbs around their necks and wrists .
of course i did mine on the herbs and edible plants the colonists grew , but mom also sewed me a costume complete with a muslin shirt and wool skirt .
most of them i had to get from a pair of ex - students who 'd dropped out during the sixties and now ran a highly unconventional herb farm out in the mountains twenty miles from town .
and a few organically grown herbs . ''
rhun passed through the monastery 's herb garden , heading to midmorning prayers .
those early pages had contained drawings of herbs , listing their properties , the secrets to their uses , the places where they might be gathered on her estate .
i 'd been living with fletcher for several months now , and he often brought me into the forest to look for herbs , pick berries , or skin the bark off trees .
beyond the pines lay a sunlit glade , sectioned by neat rows of herbs .
a vast herb garden stretched on both sides of us ; flowers and grasses were separated in rows , bordered by a dense evergreen hedge in the distance .
very convenient when the herbs grew right by the gathering place .
more of a kurgan , actually , rising straight up out of the herbs , like a cap of a colossal mushroom .
` ` it connects the herbs with magic . ''
the hidden garden smelled of rosemary , sage , and other herbs i could n't identify .
vinca 's six brothers carried her body on a litter made from bent willows interlaced with garlands of dried flowers and herbs .
hedge mages use herbs and plants to make potions .
she 'll make me take herbs so i 'll sleep . ''
since prytania place was basically a mage city within the city , they kept a greenhouse for easy access to herbs and plants for use in home remedies and spells .
but under rhea 's tutelage , i knew all sorts of random tricks and uses for herbs and plants .
but now i called up the name and purpose of each herb in the oil by scent alone .
adam and nyx had headed into town to gather some supplies , giguhl and valva had been sent to scout for plants and herbs for amulets and potions , and tristan went to fill calyx and horus in on the plan .
true to its name , the mage lands had been subdivided into several fields of colorful flowers and herbs .
behind it the translucent walls of a greenhouse rose into the night , sheltering rows of herbs .
my knowledge of herbs mostly broke down into two categories : those i could use for medicinal or magic purposes and those i could eat in a pinch .
the person who had dropped five grand worth of rare herbs onto the inventor 's lawn was wearing a red guard patch on his sleeve .
trees rose here and there , surrounded by herbs .
we had to have a project where we harvested an herb with magic properties and found a practical application . ''
i 'd need magic and herbs for this .
the light breeze , carrying tiny pinpoints of water , scented the air with some distant flower and natural herbs .
plants , different kinds of ferns , and even some herbs were stationed at every corner .
they crackled and popped on their downward descent , telling kylie they were n't just regular herbs .
blood or herb ? ''
one arm of the path took her through the herb garden , where she passed clumps of silver - leafed sage , yellow hyssop , and miniature myrtle .
` ` hannever finds many of the herbs and plants he uses in his medicinal treatments at the consilium growing here .
it was herb bread and very good .
` ` you are doing well , niff , '' orliff smiled as the herbs were reduced to usable powder .
could n't tell you which herb . ''
because your little dolls and herbs ca n't save the ti - bon - age .
flowers and herbs grew like crazy , overflowing their ceramic pots and climbing the rusty railings .
i m no herb expert .
` ` i love herbs .
maybe for good luck , we could pick out the name of an herb .
it 's more of a tree than an herb , but its leaves are shaped like a heart .
we entered a small room with shelves and potted plants encircling the walls , and a sharp , almost medicinal tang filled the room , as if i had wandered into someone 's herb garden .
mrs . bigwater had an herb garden to the side and flowers out front that rioted in pink and orange .
i see the wooden front door , the windows and window boxes , filled to overflowing with herbs and yellow flowers .
` ` it is an ancient herb , the kiss of death for seedbearers . ''
she learned which herbs were valuable and which were dangerous , and which herbs were valuable because they were dangerous .
she learned which herbs were valuable and which were dangerous , and which herbs were valuable because they were dangerous .
after picking him up and carrying him to his cave , the griffin flew away to a distant marsh , where he procured some roots and herbs which he well knew were strengthening and beneficial to man , though he had never tasted them himself .
black , red , green , herb .
` ` he showed me a picture of an herb called langerhop that was once cultivated here on the island to help visitors who found the crossing unpleasant .
` ` how 'd you learn so much about herbs and snakes and everything ? ''
fortunately , my people forage sporadically in the swamp to gather rare herbs and fungi .
the pale stones seemed to breathe the essence of centuries of drying herbs , giving the subterranean halls a pleasant , open feeling .
` ` so i ' m going to have you stick to herb tonight , '' he says , taking out a small baggie of weed out of his pocket .
finally , i said , ` ` one year , one of the wolves - ulrik - he decided it would be a great idea to start growing italian herbs from seeds in pots .
we burst through the gardens , half leaping over wheelbarrows in the first , avoiding a crop of herbs in the second , and getting barked at by an evil terrier in the third .
her hands still smelled like the herbs neeve had used for her divination and the herbs jimi had used to try to vanquish the herbs neeve had used for divination .
herbs and gangly flowers intruded into our way , along with their insect retinues , and i laughed when james swung wildly at a bee that came too close .
it was the frost of their fur against my skin , the suffocating scent of herbs and clover , and , above all , the howls of the mastiffs and the screams of the lithe sighthounds : our prey , our quarry , we have captured our kill .
herbs sort of sing , and flowers gossip like biddies . ''
their rear gardens backed up to the rock face , billowing with fragrant herbs , and magpie came in to land on the brink of the cliff above .
they peered through the slats of the fence at the rampant mess of herbs within .
all around , the water released new perfumes from the pine woods where wild herbs scented the undergrowth .
he lived there many years and gathered herbs in the woods and minerals in the valleys .
i gave you an old navy hand as third officer , herb o'royke , herbs served in about everything afloat he 's a jack - of - all - trades aboard ship have nt found anything he ca n't do and do well .
even though he was , tall and lean herb wore the air of an old chief bosun 's mate , probably because it had been the job he felt most comfortable in .
i pegged herb for one of those individuals you did n't need to boss around just give him leeway and let them get on with the job , i had an old chief like him when i was a snot - nosed ensign .
i wasted no time dan was already scrounging parts , herb had requisitioned ammunition and was overseeing its storage .
i had talked this over with herb and he agreed pushing the crew now would allow time to correct deficiencies before we sailed for real .
jim was going to operate the ship , but it was herb 's experienced eye i was counting on to pick up on needed changes and implement them .
we held station herb returned and said , there was a glitch in the feeding tray a couple of whacks took care of it .
i saw a sly grin pass over herbs face .
herb said , captain , i 'll get that thing squared away tonight if i have to have dan build us a new one from scratch .
jim , herb she s all yours i ' m going to turn in .
i hurried back so i could get jim and herb working on the details , it would keep them busy for the next couple of days .
the foredeck was swarming with activity and herb was cussing like a sailor .
i had taken herb aside and asked , think they got a chance ?
herb said , not a prayer , those fools want to mount a hydraulic cylinder from a dump truck on top of the gun the poor thing was n't meant to carry that kind of weight .
i said , herb someones always trying to reinvent the wheel , the germans knew how to do it in both world wars camouflaging ships with just a little canvas , pipe , and paint , turned their commerce raiders into all sorts of merchantmen .
i got herb and dan together told them to make sure everything was removed and that no damage was done to the gun .
herb went right to work he was one of those guys who rose to meet the challenge , turning him loose with hardly any restrictions brought out his resourcefulness .
i asked herb , what in the hell were they trying to accomplish in the first place , ca n't see a hell of a lot of difference in the stock cover and the mushroom except size , they went through all that bullshit for zero gain .
thanks , herb , everything going ok ?
i said , i 'll be glad of that , jim and herb have been doing most of it i was never great at working sights or plots and the business of not having a current almanac or truly accurate time really sucks .
i cornered herb first chance i got .
jim , herb , dan can you think of anything ?
the cruise to key west was uneventful , jim and herb put the ship and crew through their paces while joe whirly worked with the scientists deploying various gear .
these rules could only amended by jim , herb , or myself .
i warned herb , no one gets trigger - happy on my ship , and this is n't a hunting expedition .
i 'd let herb and jim deal with ms . abernathy from now on .
jim had both the launch and inflatable put in the water herb and four armed members of the crew went ashore to investigate , they returned and said it was clear so jim let those not on watch go ashore to relax on the beach and swim .
they seemed to be a friendly couple and posed no threat , i asked herb if we could round up some fishing tackle to give them .
no one had given them any notice and the watch on duty assumed since cindy was an officer , wearing a sidearm it was all right , and besides they had n't ventured any great distance , so they saw no need to alert jim or herb .
herb was standing next to me , i said , herb why do n't you and jim get in a little gunnery practice and give that nice couple a break with starting their new life .
herb was standing next to me , i said , herb why do n't you and jim get in a little gunnery practice and give that nice couple a break with starting their new life .
the whaleboat pulled smartly alongside the gangway , ensign jackson stepped , off climbed to the deck , crisply saluted the flag , then herb and presented his side arm .
i said , certainly herb .
captain my jobs to be your executive officer and carry out your orders , your the most lenient co i ' ve ever worked for yet when you do step up to the plate you hit a home run , i 'll agree with herb risky yes , foolhardy no , i ' m in .
i said , no jim you and herb run things for a while , what 's the situation ?
i told herb to wait until the sun was up and station lookouts on top of the bridge to check for coral heads i said , jim i know they ran cruise ships in here , but i swear these damn coral heads got legs .
i came aboard saluted the flag then jim and herb there were handshakes and hugs , everyone on board gathered around and the greeting went on for almost a half hour before i could take herb and jim aside leaving connie , joyce and sam still surrounded .
i came aboard saluted the flag then jim and herb there were handshakes and hugs , everyone on board gathered around and the greeting went on for almost a half hour before i could take herb and jim aside leaving connie , joyce and sam still surrounded .
at that stage in her study of herb craft ursula had progressed from learning about the simple , readily available remedies such as oak bark , powdered crystals and common snake venom to studying the far more exotic , powerful and very hard to acquire ingredients such as milkstone , dragons blood and treant sap .
i think i must ve been a good alchemist because i can remember and recognize herbs , plants , and stones but i ca nt remember a thing about how to put them together .
wildflowers grew in abundance alongside myriad herbs and other shrubs , the landscape sloping steadily upwards to the hills .
they were not rich but they made a decent living , fishing mostly but also processing coastal herbs and flowers for trade .
they know many things about the herbs and other growing things .
the forests and fields are full of many herbs .
neither eric nor the men liked having another witch in the company but i found her abilities valuable , especially her knowledge of healing with herbs .
the smudges had a base of white feather plant and then an individual herb that was supposed to help enhance a persons natural affinity for the type of magic the crystals held .
the barbarian merchant ships brought vegetables ( dried ) , herbs , grains , and other trade goods to the miwa people .
zafira spoke about the herb prospects zos had found along the way and her affinities to the blue and green crystals .
maybe you could help zafira with the herb harvest and in preparing them to be dried .
we could get an early start on the herb garden today .
and i m expecting a shipment from the eastern alliance herb growers at the plant and ca nt be there to over see .
there were large bottles filled with serpents , ticketed according to their species ; dried lizards shone like emeralds set in great squares of black wood , and bunches of wild odoriferous herbs , doubtless possessed of virtues unknown to common women , were fastened to the ceiling and hung down in the corners of the apartment .
the soil was humid and glittering with the rain which had recently fallen , and the refreshed herbs sent forth their perfume with additional energy .
on the other side of it is a tunnel closed with certain herbs , which they call salvaje .
they were told that here potato , onions , garlic and several other important vegetables , as well as a couple of grain crops for animal feed and a small herb garden , could be grown on all the six walls .
what you have nt seen is that we have over 300 types of vegetables , herbs , other plants and fruit in seed form or dormant , in storage units ; we will rotate crops , replacing wheat with a crop of green beans , which adds nitrogen to the soils , or hydroponic growing chambers or bags .
the aliktce made potions from herbs that he , with the help of the hopayes , had gathered from the forest .
as a hopaye , he learned the ways of the spirit world conjures and spells , the dances , the properties and medicinal values of herbs .
his patients rested on deck beneath a shade cloth and he treated their wounds , and his own , with a mudpack of ground herbs , which he had seen used by the natives .
besides , i ve been told that the plains have many medicinal herbs and tubers which you like to eat .
none of the usual protective herbs or chants worked against her .
there is the special ground herb , lysier . ''
shuri gate by herb blanchard shuri gate by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
# # # author biography the author , herb blanchard is retired and living in the puget sound area of washington state .
the produce of her garden an annual bounty of herbs , onions , carrots , parsnips and other vegetables was of reliable consistency and quality .
when the warmer weather finally kicked in , the soil creatures would already be hard at work , merging precious nutrients to provide the initial spurt of growth for the herbs she needed to replace her dwindling supply of remedies .
the boys would also spend their time foraging for berries or herbs as requested by their mother .
nexus is the herb .
it is an aromatic sap extracted from the herb nextius which grows wait a minute .
there is a dragon roaming the forest , looking for an herb that will gain these magicians access to the gods .
struggles of a country boy by herb blanchard struggles of a country boy by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
struggles of a country boy by herb blanchard struggles of a country boy by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
struggles of a country boy by herb blanchard struggles of a country boy by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
cover photo & others from the authors collection also by herb blanchard published at smashword an okinawan affair shuri gate my life before & without boomers & yuppies book description this is the fictionalized story of the author 's growing up years during the 1950s .
it was a mixture of herbs and it was as well a memory of meadows in the summer .
although it had nt been tended in ages , the vegetables and herbs raised there continued to grow .
this is an herb garden ; they sell herbs to help you recover .
in it are rare herbs mixed in a specific ratio that would require blood magic to invoke properly .
when we got home i began making medicines no human has yet created out of herbs both from this world and demon .
she taught runa the names of many of the flowers and herbs she had long gathered in the forest and showed her new uses for them .
they had more than doubled its size and had included new varieties , an herb like coriander as well as more grain , like sorghum .
she was interested more in men things : her face lit up with interest when a spear was shown to her , and changed back to a flat expression when different qualities of furs were shown , or herbs .
what , herbs ?
it was not herbs or strange concoctions .
stuff about herbs and substances , but i never even heard most of these names .
in the center was a small but deep fire pit , smoldering with stones , some herbs and grasses .
in order not to lose my mind , i began to plant flowers and herbs and weeds that looked like flowers in tony 's garden .
you re not taking any herbs to prevent conception .
lo winked at her , and went back to pulling little plastic pots from the bottom of different herb starts he and antoine picked out at the garden shop .
antoine tentatively asked lo if he could plant an herb garden somewhere in a little patch of dirt , and lo told him he could plant whatever he wanted in their backyard .
he was busy framing a raised box on the grass for antoine 's herb garden .
it was less direct but it would still take them to the meadow where most of the herbs they needed grew .
once tyhreb was comfortable , lozan was able to get urthaj to his feet and they ran around the meadow like rabbits , grabbing all the herbs they could and went back to the citadel .
there was a garden around it , a vegetable patch , herbs growing by the doors , and a sweet little patio .
in fact , it will do the opposite , as sensitive as undine are to herbs grown in the dry .
the undine tend to be more sensitive to herbs and flowers than ungainly . ''
hailey sage - brush stands bent over a table , jarring dried herbs .
` ` just like our sensitivity to herbs from the dry , '' serena mumbles .
when she was a maid there had been an old woman who had mentored her in herb lore .
growing up as her son , he had learned more herb lore than most .
she cleared the last pines and crossed the herb and vegetable garden , examined the plants already stretching up , the fruits , pods , and delicate leaves nearing maturity .
lettuces and herbs were shooting to seed .
it is a mixture that only the dead can create from the herbs that grow in the land of the dead .
the last time she had picked roots and herbs for her father was when she was still a girl .
she hummed her way through the forest , picking any herbs or roots she thought would be useful to ardoh .
there s a place in the forest he has visited that has many of the plants he gets his herbs from .
there are some herbs there that we may need .
i chose the herbs i knew made him ill or that he just did nt like .
the juice of bergamot oranges , unfermented grape juice and the pressings of a few flowers and herbs .
when they appeared i would use a small harmless dart with a tiny amount of the common herbs ortarian mugwort and valerian root .
he had spent the better part of the day scavenging and scrounging and had discovered many flowers and herbs .
ye look like ye need herbs to strengthen your blood .
the story was close to the old goblins heart ; it told of a sorcerer that smote a dragon into nine pieces and used his magic to change each part of the worm into one of the nine sacred herbs .
trak found them all , but the last herb , atterlothe , the venom loather , trak could not find , although its tall stem ringed by blue flowers should have been easy to spot .
the old spore thought of illness in terms of imbalance and used herbs to restore equilibrium .
* * * today , as trak approaches her forest cave , he sees the old mother standing hunched over her herb garden .
hadge sifted further up the mountain to a plateau of herbs , picking plants along the way .
hadge was nt entirely sure any herbs could help cure the spiders venom , but he had to try .
as we proceeded through the wilderness the grassy areas grew less and less , and areas of total desuetude devoid of living herbs were all we viewed .
he viewed each bush , or herb , or uncut tree as ' wilderness ' -- his hated enemy , to be remolded to his own desire with axe and plow , or steam and steel and fire .
my back yard herb garden has tarragon , coriander , and parsley , along with a neverending supply of dill .
there have been kind and helpful wizards as long as man has existed who heal with herbs and , in their care for the needy , have sometimes performed mysterious deeds .
its an illegal herb that if combined with the correct items and spells becomes a weapon of mass destruction .
' brother , ' he said , ' surely you have some knowledge of herbs and roots and plant extracts and the like ? '
he had said the name of an herb , and a memory was tickling at the back of my mind , but i did nt have time to think it all the way through .
she was carrying a basket filled with different flowers and herbs .
chapter 16 keira smiled to herself as she ambled around the garden , shears in one hand , basket in the other , snipping long stems of herbs to be hung and dried .
small fences enclosed gardens full of vegetables and herbs .
on the way down from the mountain , with the goats being a little testy and somewhat reluctant to leave the pasture , she collected some more wild herbs .
its a variety of herbs and natural elements used to contain spells .
gold lettering with the words magical herbs and colored stars surrounding a blue moon adorned the top and sides .
it read : herbs are better than sex .
i m taking sally for a walk and i think she believes magical herbs is her second home .
hmm i suppose that goes with the territory of being a white witch and herb guru .
azul , half of the magical herbs customers are witches , or related in some way to the occult , alura said .
with his kill roasting upon a spit , liquids already seeping from it to sizzle in the fire , gnak turned to seek the shamans tent for herbs to pack the wound upon his arm with .
most shared information about herb lore , the political situation in the country , relationships with surrounding areas , and their dealings with the church .
ladies of the court were trading their finery for bread , storekeepers struggled in vain to protect their wares from the growing crowds of famished people turned thieves , spirit servants consumed the herbs used in their spells and tried to grow more on barren patches of earth , scribes boiled and ate their parchments , household animals disappeared into the bellies of their owners , while even more desperate people were seen at the shore that spread behind the scriptorium , trying to fish in waters that , since the disaster , were as lifeless as the drowning isles .
the great god came across a beauty picking herbs in the woods of cumae .
upon closer inspection the title of the book read : of plants and herbs and their healing properties by arinaeus kathan'dar .
besides the abundance of generalized herbs , there were also many rare herbs harvested here .
besides the abundance of generalized herbs , there were also many rare herbs harvested here .
around his waist he wore a belt of ain 's hide from which hung little bags full of priest things : picture - stones , roots , tiny carvings of animals , herbs .
droplets of amber were burned , mountain cedar was burned , infants were given herbs to chew and suck .
every woman with a little knowledge gathered and dried and ground up herbs from their gardens .
when hunters go into the jungle , or milpa farmers , or herb gatherers , they say special prayers .
every day she spoke to those herbs .
it is cancer herb which drives away running sores .
it was that herb which made him fall from his branch and hit the ground .
many strong - smelling pouches hung from her belt , and she carried a knife of green obsidian , like an herb - gatherer .
forty thousand herbs are picked and dried and powdered .
it is like any herb to ease pain madia insisted .
i can find you some herbs that will lower your testosterone and help with impotence .
i learned as much herb lore from the woods as i did from kaldian tomes .
the nethral have some herbs down here that have disappeared from the surface many thousands of years ago .
he spent a lot of time talking about all the amazing variety of herbs he had already seen in the underworld .
chris and joe helped out by preparing meals , while susie , altac and a team of kaloc 's medical staff , applied altacs various herb remedies to the mounting flood of wounded , while other staff did their best to stitch their wounds .
but my apprenticeship runs much further than just learning the medicinal healing qualities of the mountain herbs .
though i know how to make my way around castor 's treatment room quite well , there are still plenty of herbs i do n't know how to identify , and a whole group of ointments i have no idea how to administer , let alone make .
though i ' m mostly familiar with mountain herbs , castor did make me read books about the rest .
they were taught about herbs , which to use in food , which to make medicines with and which were poisonous .
she had become a clan healer , trained in the arts of using medicinal herbs for healing and removing pain .
amatola found many healing herbs growing in clumps .
amatola took kahira with her , teaching kahira all about herbs and flowers , especially the poisonous ones .
it contained generous quantities of the oil from crushed flowers and other herbs he could nt recognize .
the water having boiled , she removed some from the pot and put it to cool in their water skins , then to the rest she added some dried meat and a few herbs and edible fungi that she had found earlier in the day as they walked .
asphodel found some mushrooms and other edible herbs and vegetables , and so they progressed towards their destination .
she was also learning the names and uses of some of the culinary herbs and fungi they used , and enjoyed going to search for them .
dozens of varieties of herbs grow within , making it ideal for collection .
she stood and turned west , aware of one more location where rare herbs could be found .
were you more successful in finding herbs than you were in using them ?
i learned as much herb lore from the woods as i did from tomes .
he also planted flowers and herbs whose scent repelled insects .
next to the grave , new - sprouted herbs elma touches the gravestone and sits its edge , looks at me .
in order not to left any atomic idea of the state from him , cigan is being digested by oldest herbs .
she nodded , resting a momentary gaze on me , then turned away to look at the television , the line of herbs that galen had growing in the window .
the fruiting vines and trees had died first , so i ' m told , then the herbs , and now the last of the flowers .
` ` many of the herbs i would use would harm the children she carries . ''
like the herb , clary sage .
he had obscure spell books , tomes about demons , summoning treatises , whole volumes dedicated to various herbs .
jay eased open the window and climbed in , avoiding a window box where odd - looking herbs and flowers fought for space with weeds .
sort of chap who can tell one herb from another , roams - the - high - forest - with - every - beast - his - brother kind of thing .
' it says on the label it 's made from herbs .
' oh , that 's just a name for wormwood , ' said magrat , who was good at herbs .
this was an interesting kind of forest , she said , with lots of new herbs which could do with bein ' looked at .
oh , she could do some spells and do them quite well , and she was good at herbs , but she was n't a witch in the bone like the old ones .
to magrat 's expert eye it was a pretty poor herb garden , since it just contained plants that flavoured food .
she 'd stepped out beyond what were the gardens from the point of view of the royal family and into what were the gardens from the point of view of everyone else - beyond the world of hedges and topiary and herb gardens and into the world of old sheds , piles of flowerpots , compost and , just here , beehives .
it reached a tree stump between the privy and the herbs .
most woodland animals avoided the herbs .
` ` i ' ve seen that herb garden !
' would you like to know how big the meat cleaver is that two fire herb is holding in his hand ? '
two fire herb said now .
' shame on herb to suggest such a thing ! '
' inches ... er ... which particular inch- ' ' so much shame to two fire herb ! '
two fire herb snorted .
said two fire herb .
herb pointed to a clear area of wall stacked with timber .
said herb , nastily .
' herb says it is the system that is to blame , ' said lotus blossom .
' we must storm the palace , just as herb suggested ! '
that 's what herb used to talk about sometimes !
two fire herb said that if we could assassinate the emperor we would light the torch of freedom ... ' ' yes .
only two fire herb knows how to contact them ... ' ' fancy that .
' from our friend herb ? '
granny weatherwax poked in the ditches to see if there were any interesting herbs hereabouts .
it was n't when you did headology on daft old men , or mixed up medicines , or stuck up for yourself , or knew one herb from another .
' he knows all about herbs and roots and things . '
good for you , herbs .
in the summer it was surrounded by dense beds of what granny loosely called ` ` the herbs '' - strange plants , hairy or squat or twining , with curious flowers or vivid fruits or unpleasantly bulging pods .
name me three herbs good for the bowels . ''
in front of them the herbs were already a foot high , a sinister collection of pale green leaves .
` ` i 'd be very surprised if you did , '' said granny briskly , ` ` but you can tell me five herbs suitable for dry coughs . ''
` ` if you like , '' said esk , ` ` or distillation using the bifold or triple alembic , the making of varnishes , glazes , creams , zuumchats and punes , the rendering of waxes , the manufacture of candles , the proper selection of seeds , roots and cuttings , and most preparations from the eighty marvellous herbs ; i can spin , card , rett , hallow and weave on the hand , frame , harp and noble looms and i can knit if people start the wool on for me , i can read soil and rock , do carpentry up to the three - way mortise and tenon , predict weather by means of beastsign and skyreck , make increase in bees , brew five types of mead , make dyes and mordants and pigments , including a fast blue , i can do most types of whitesmithing , mend boots , cure and fashion most leathers , and if you have any goats i can look after them .
` ` we 're not very good on herbs here .
the cottage had a big herb garden , although it contained very little that you 'd stuff a turkey with , and at this time of year there was still a lot of work to be done collecting and drying , especially the ones with important roots .
miss level was big on herbs .
her unruly herb garden seemed to move , even in the still air .
occupying the patch where the herbs grew in summer were the wolves , sitting or lolling with their tongues hanging out .
it had been ages since he 'd seen someone insist that only the use of herbs could help them .
` ` loeiz herb .
it reminded him of esyld 's little house , although there was no herb or vegetable garden .
his voice was flawless and better than herb 's .
i had some vintage travel posters framed and put on the walls alongside signed concert posters , a few skull - embossed pillows added to the couch , a potted plant in the corner near the balcony , and a small herb garden i started on the windowsill , but that was about it .
half a dozen forms rose up over the treetops , which swayed and danced beneath the winds , as though they had been the bushes in a holtwife 's herb garden .
gale will get her the herbs she does n't grow herself , but she must be very careful to describe them because he 's not as familiar with them as i am .
radagast is , of course , a worthy wizard , a master of shapes and changes of hue ; and he has much lore of herbs and beasts , and birds are especially his friends .
here the air was softer and warmer , and faintly scented , as if spring was already stirring and the sap was flowing again in herb and leaf .
but the entwives gave their minds to the lesser trees , and to the meads in the sunshine beyond the feet of the forests ; and they saw the sloe in the thicket , and the wild apple and the cherry blossoming in spring , and the green herbs in the waterlands in summer , and the seeding grasses in the autumn fields .
all about them were small woods of resinous trees , fir and cedar and cypress , and other kinds unknown in the shire , with wide glades among them ; and everywhere there was a wealth of sweet - smelling herbs and shrubs .
many great trees grew there , planted long ago , falling into untended age amid a riot of careless descendants ; and groves and thickets there were of tamarisk and pungent terebinth , of olive and of bay ; and there were junipers and myrtles ; and thymes that grew in bushes , or with their woody creeping stems mantled in deep tapestries the hidden stones ; sages of many kinds putting forth blue flowers , or red , or pale green ; and marjorams and new - sprouting parsleys , and many herbs of forms and scents beyond the garden - lore of sam .
as they walked , brushing their way through bush and herb , sweet odours rose about them .
and he will tell you that he did not know that the herb you desire had any virtues , but that it is called westmansweed by the vulgar , and galenas by the noble , and other names in other tongues more learned , and after adding a few half - forgotten rhymes that he does not understand , he will regretfully inform you that there is none in the house , and he will leave you to reflect on the history of tongues .
there were storybooks , herb books , cookery books , boat books , fishing books , but mainly there were the hundreds of magyk books , which silas had illegally rescued from the school when magyk had been banned a few years back .
all manner of things were hung from these beams : boat paddles , hats , bags of shells , spades , hoes , sacks of potatoes , shoes , ribbons , brooms , bundles of reeds , willow knots and of course hundreds of bunches of the herbs that aunt zelda either grew herself or bought at the magyk market , which was held every year and a day down at the port .
as a white witch , aunt zelda used herbs for charms and potions as well as medicine , and you 'd be lucky to be able to tell aunt zelda anything about a herb that she did not know already .
as a white witch , aunt zelda used herbs for charms and potions as well as medicine , and you 'd be lucky to be able to tell aunt zelda anything about a herb that she did not know already .
allomancy was n't supposed to be addictive , not like certain herbs or poisons .
around me the tiny plants unfurled tiny leaves , and the world suddenly smelled of thyme , that sweet , green herb scent that sholto had said he sensed when i was smelling roses .
my gran had grown them in the herb garden behind the house where my father raised me - so many varieties .
thyme , mint , and basil , as if we walked upon strewn herbs , but a glance down showed that the floor was bare .
i would have said it was a knot garden , that time - consuming art of grooming herbs into clean , curved , victorian lines , but my eyes could n't quite make out the herbs ' shape .
i would have said it was a knot garden , that time - consuming art of grooming herbs into clean , curved , victorian lines , but my eyes could n't quite make out the herbs ' shape .
there were four small trees in the center of the garden now , where the herbs and stones had moved aside .
the vines formed a lacework lower down , and new herbs grew under the vines , forming a cushion of vegetation under them .
so that was n't such a problem , but sholto 's face was as fair as any in faerie , and , crowned with the blooming herbs , in their haze of colored blossoms , he was like something out of the old fairy stories .
the herbs on the path were no longer trying to touch me .
it was all flowers and herbs , after all .
then she pushed back a stack of boxes marked edible herbs , dug her thick hands into the sandy floor and pulled out a photograph protected by clear plastic .
23 -- 4 ) are : ' the sun rose behind his back and set before his face , and where the water foamed among the boulders or rushed over sudden falls , at morning and evening rainbows were woven across the stream ' ; ' now he said : ` ` it is a fay - voice , '' now : ` ` nay , it is a small beast that is wailing in the waste '' ' ; ' [ tuor ] wandered still for some days in a rugged country bare of trees ; and it was swept by a wind from the sea , and all that grew there , herb or bush , leaned ever to the dawn because of the prevalence of that wind from the west ' -- which are very closely similar to or almost identical with passages in the tale ( pp .
she chose the herbs she 'd grown and dried .
pots of herbs thrived on wide windowsills , copper pots hung over a center island .
iona planted flowers and vegetables and herbs with her cousins , scraped mud off her boots , put in long hours at the stables , long hours with the craft .
they 'd asked cassie to bring over the flowers from a rare herb in her garden - the plymouth gentian .
it was an old family recipe of laurel 's that required the crushed leaves of an herb called mugwort , which had to be picked and ingested during a full moon .
nothing wholesome could they see growing in the woods , only funguses and herbs with pale leaves and unpleasant smell .
laurel 's side of the room was draped with green plants , herbs , and flowers .
greater knowledge they had of living things , tree and herb , bird and beast , than all other elves .
and they brought to numenor many gifts : birds of song , and fragrant flowers , and herbs of great virtue .
she rattled off a list of herbs , some of which i knew , some of which were unfamiliar .
and nynaeve complained that the sisters in the white tower ignored the usefulness of herbs !
she 'd gotten over her habit of always using herbs when healing , but she still felt they had their place and usefulness .
a hundred other herbs he could n't name .
could herbs do anything at this point ?
this was not a wound that sewing and herbs could heal .
the herbs clung perfectly to the glistening leaves .
but then i remembered that the kind of magic i needed was more complex than playing with simple herbs in a toolshed .
as there was no combat injuries to heal , she spent most of her time learning about the healing qualities of herbs and plants .
` ` no - i have just reread all three of them and there is no mention of any herbs or plants . ''
without your translation of the greek texts we do n't know what to do with the special herbs and medicines .
now i believe she is in the herb bed .
nick found sarah kneeling on the brick walk that edged the herb garden .
her vegetable and herb garden might be small by virginia standards , but it depended upon her alone to tend it .
they were rare herbs , so uncommon that athena forgot their name .
` ` the gods ' temples are usually on mountaintops , as is this temple of apollo , but asklepios is a chthonian god and dwells below , so he may send up holy water and healing herbs .
` ` these all be herbs for delivering as well as healing .
veronique interrupted his thoughts as she plucked a rose from the trellis on the balcony and said , and spring arose on the garden fair , like the spirit of love felt everywhere ; and each flower and herb on earth 's dark breast , rose from the dreams of its wintry rest .
alava was preoccupied with grinding various seeds and herbs in a mortar .
but the only people helped seemed to be herb wives and gardeners .
there are herbs .
miranda had to quickly stifle her laughter behind her palm as katherine came running , clutching two handfuls of uprooted herbs .
he felt a bittersweet regret that there was no herb to cure bastardy .
although they ve been living in the bread and roses commune , aaren has kept her distance from the clique of earth mothers who spend their time talking about gardens and herbs , giving one another massages andfools ! exploring erotic rituals for nonviolent sexuality .
marcus lucius had chosen a piece of land free to build a villa and shape a garden with many green herbs and trees .
everything was neat and clean ; there were herbs and flowers hanging upside - down to dry .
an amethyst vase , silken rug , eye of horus and ankh talismans on the walls , books , and about one hundred identical ceramic vases filled with herbs and plants in a corner niche decorated the room .
and what they saw they did not like particularly the herbs and vegetables which grew bigger under the care of the monks .
the monks extracted the fragrances from herbs .
the cows could soon be put out to pasture again , eating all the herbs and flowers growing in the fields .
jack often helped brother leo with his herb garden and made sure that the soil was rich to produce healthy herbs .
brother leo was very successful with his herbs fighting off all sorts of diseases .
it reminded him of the monastery of saint peter and brother leos herb garden .
it was sparse and winter - bare , with only a few low - growing herbs planted in square beds , and several dormant roses spaced precisely apart along the fence .
thanks philip jay gould writerphil2013 @ yahoo.com an okinawan affair by herb blanchard an okinawan affair by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashword edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
thanks philip jay gould writerphil2013 @ yahoo.com an okinawan affair by herb blanchard an okinawan affair by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashword edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
thanks philip jay gould writerphil2013 @ yahoo.com an okinawan affair by herb blanchard an okinawan affair by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashword edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
collecting herbs and berries was becoming much more difficult ; the steady swelling of her belly hindering her more than she liked to admit .
though the baby was not due until early spring , if something should happen in the depths of winter then there was little chance of finding any herbs or plants to help maggie was sensible enough to gather what they needed now , just in case .
can we get some herbs for its cure ?
~*~ later that day richard met with etienne in the chateaus herb garden , and walked together into the orchard where anne waited for them .
fire danced up the walls and along the low beams , devouring the bouquets of herbs hanging from the ceiling .
you know about herbs ?
my mother knew a bit about herbs .
when i looked out the window , i saw that he was helping my mother take care of her beloved herb garden .
sage , he thought , or one of the mountain herbs that grew around here .
he looked out from the villa across the lawns , to the far side of the valley ; lush , closely cropped grass , and trimmed low herb hedges , betrayed the luxury of her establishment .
he remembered her stories of the dark temples , of vigils kept , of days wandering the cliff paths looking for a rare herb , that could be picked only at the waning of the moon ; she used to sing him asleep with the qualities of the plants , and he could still remember the names - ratbane , the monarch , butterfly , cloudflower , fox - ivy , chalk - holly , silver - feather , thousand - leaf , augur 's staff - though he could n't recognise a single plant , and had forgotten , if he had ever known , what they were good for .
irrelevantly , she remembered her visit to the class in velzna , and her interrogation of the girls on the uses of foxglove ... and then she remembered ; she 'd been talking to young fabia about her studies , about the herbs that both healed and killed .
but its a very beneficial herb , too .
she discovered an aptitude for the work ; she had a quick memory and was soon able to recognize the various herbs and plants which the abbey grew and knew their purposes .
she knew how and where to plant vegetables and herbs so they flourished .
for a time she lived amongst them in the small village of tellikon , near zurich , where her skills with growing herbs and in the healing arts became well known .
the wcfr is said to include various sects of discordians , subgeniuses , coptic orthodox people of the herb , gay ( faery ) neo - pagans , magical judaism , the egyptian church of new zealand , kaos kabal of london , libertarian congregationalists , etc .
he becomes friendly with a cuban woman of mixed spanish , black , amerindian and chinese ancestry who runs a botanica ( magical supplies and herbs ) .
i had filled a long , wooden box with flowers and herbs and someone must have been ignoring the water restrictions and watering them all the time because they were absolutely thriving so insanely green that i went over just to run my fingers through the leaves .
come with me , friend joan , and you shall help me deck the room with my garlic , which is all the way from haarlem , where my friend vanderpool raise herb in her glass houses all the year .
my eyes became accustomed to the light and to perceive objects in their right forms ; i distinguished the insect from the herb , and by degrees , one herb from another .
my eyes became accustomed to the light and to perceive objects in their right forms ; i distinguished the insect from the herb , and by degrees , one herb from another .
you tell em , herb .
but herb said he did nt know .
hot tamale stood there defiantly like she was enjoying it all and herb stood there with her like he did not have a clue about any of it .
got ripped off by dogs , herb added .
we must have been about eight years old and ms . beasley , that ol kook , asked us to go past the boundaries of our property to pick an herb for the soup she was making ?
its first level was an herbal shop -- supposedly medicinal herbs though their primary medication was chopa -- while the second level was housing space , strictly rented to addicts in order for the dealers to keep their customers in arms reach .
beyond evil directed by herb freed written by david baughn , herb freed , paul ross tagline a terrifying story of love and possession .
beyond evil directed by herb freed written by david baughn , herb freed , paul ross tagline a terrifying story of love and possession .
` ` it was a little white powder made from a common flower there were instructions on how to make it in one of her books on herbs .
the trees were small and thinner there , and more widely scattered , but the only other vegetation were thick mats of a ground - hugging herb .
cauva root was an amazing herb .
ravensmore has gardens , both flowers and edible things such as vegetables , fruits and herbs .
she can often be found wrangling chickens in her backyard , pulling weeds from her herb garden , and saving field mice from her catswhen she is nt plotting her eventual move to ireland .
our makeup is so weak , so awkwardly conceived ; our body is encumbered with organs that are always tired , always being strained like locks that are too complicated ; it lives like a plant and like an animal nourishing itself with difficulty on air , herbs , and flesh ; it is a brute machine which is a prey to maladies , to malformations , to decay ; it is broken - winded , badly regulated , simple and eccentric , ingeniously yet badly made , a coarse and yet a delicate mechanism , in brief , the outline of a being which might become intelligent and great .
they ingested various torrefied herbs , petals , and leaves from pornographically sculpted hookahs and syringes .
he wanders the woods a lot looking for ginseng and other herbs he uses . ''
brian cole checked in from unit 7 , herb avery from 5 out on the sawmill road , george stankowski from god knew where .
sandy turned and saw herb avery on the back step .
' everything 's okay , herb ?
' go on , now , herb .
why getting herb avery on - scene should have been the first thing he thought of , sandy could not later say .
right then he wanted herb .
but rules were made to be broken , and herb would never see anything like this again in his life , none of them would , and if sandy could n't have videotape , he would at least have a witness .
sometimes we talked about the day of the tanker - truck , laughed about how herb and that other guy had tried to make up with shirley by picking her a bouquet of flowers out back ( just before the shit hit the fan , that was ) , but not about the guy in the cowboy boots .
that was the day herb avery and justin islington brought me the bouquet of field - flowers .
and herb is like we were just kidding around , you know i do n't bet when i play cards , let hose of me !
justin was half up on herb 's back , hands around his neck , pretending to choke him .
justin still had one leg around herb 's hip and his hands around his neck .
he was a nice enough fellow ( about islington i could n't say one way or the other ; he was transferred over to troop k in media before i really got to know him ) , but with his mouth hung open that way , herb avery looked as dumb as a bag of hammers .
' that 's right , ' herb said .
i was n't so sure that one meant it , but i thought herb really did , and that was good enough for me .
i asked herb .
' triple dumb , ' herb said .
' you 're taking it , shirley , ' herb said , very firmly .
or the salesman checking in behind her and herb at some fleabag motel was .
she seems to have lived on roots , herbs , grass , and other things of a similar nature . ''
jack had a vision of some farmer 's wife looking out the kitchen window as she did the supper dishes and seeing wolf skulking around in the dooryard with a beer can in one hairy paw and a bunch of roots and herbs in the other .
for they shall soon be cut down like the grass , and wither as the green herb .
hoping for the middle choice , herb lifted up the phone .
words that seemed coated with novocaine fell from herb 's mouth .
' oh , my god , ' herb .
' critical , ' herb said .
oh , christ , we sound like one of those weird off broadway shows , herb thought .
' eastern maine , ' herb said .
all right , herb . '
mr . smith -herb , it came to her , his name is herb - had one of the magazines on his knees , but he was n't looking at it .
' yes , we 're the smiths , ' herb said quietly .
' hush , mother , ' herb said .
you know not the day nor the hour ... ' hush , ' herb said .
' i 'll tell you one last time to hush , vera , ' herb said grimly , and clamped one of his hands over one of his wife 's .
' vera is very upset , herb said .
' there , now , ' herb said , and put an arm around her .
before herb could answer , vera spoke up .
sarah saw the apprehensive flicker in herb 's eyes and thought : he thinks it 's driven her crazy .
' a close friend , ' herb said .
' vera , ' herb said with no force .
sarah had the feeling he was answering herb 's question literally while completely avoiding the question herb had really asked .
sarah had the feeling he was answering herb 's question literally while completely avoiding the question herb had really asked .
sarah pressed a scrap of paper into herb 's hand .
' vera , we ought to go along , ' herb said .
' good night , sarah , ' herb said .
on the friday following the accident , herb called sarah on the phone and told her he and vera were going home .
then herb said , ' i do n't know .
' well , ' herb said uncomfortably , ' some of the groups she ... she corresponds with ... they believe that god is going to come for the faithful in flying saucers .
' i ' ve talked with mr . pelsen , your assistant principal there at cleaves mills , ' herb said .
' good - bye , herb . '
that aged herb almost as much as the accident itself had done .
she did n't go down to pownal over the christmas vacation , partly because of vera 's continued withdrawal into her own world - her progress into that world could be read pretty accurately between the lines of herb 's letters - and partly because their mutual tie now seemed so strange and distant to her .
perhaps herb sensed it as well .
' i know how it sounds , ' herb said .
' thank you , herb .
they were sitting at the kitchen table , herb with an old plumbing j.bolt in front of him , vera with a stack of old national geographics which she had been gleaning for south pole pictures and stories .
herb propped his chin in his palms and looked out at the sunshine and shadow and thought how soon winter came after golden , treacherous october .
he had seen the wonder on his tiny face when herb had brought a tiny tree frog to the boy 's carriage and had put the small living thing in the boy 's hands .
the price of the blessed coltsmore cloth ( as herb called it ) was $ 35 .
' just as long as you understand that he 's not going to have our furniture while he 's waiting , ' herb said grimly .
oral roberts was talking about football and the healing love of jesus there was a connection there someplace , but herb had missed it .
my boy , herb thought .
and you have heard ... herb snapped it off .
above them her eyes got wider and wider still until for a dreadful second , herb was afraid that they might fall out and dangle by their stalks .
' you better get dressed , ' herb said .
her eyes widened , she wet her lips and then herb was beside her , his eyes filled with tears .
in matthew , chapter nine , we read ... ' vera , ' herb said warningly .
' vera , hush , ' herb said .
she looked from herb to johnny and back to herb again .
' i was just telling johnny he 's going to have to work hard if he wants to get out of here , ' said herb .
' we 're going to stay until the end of the week , ' herb said , ' and then , if you 're still doing fine , we 'll be going back to pownal for a while .
' he got reelected , ' herb said .
' it was either quit or be fired , ' herb said .
' he did n't resign over the bribe , ' herb said .
' the watergate hotel in washington , ' herb said .
' i 'll try , ' herb said , ' but i do n't think the whole story has come out , even yet .
unless maybe herb had told him .
' vera ... ' herb began .
' let 's not have an argument , ' herb said .
' john , i wish you had n't done that , ' herb said .
' yeah , ' herb said .
johnny hugged him and herb burst into tears .
' daddy , is she ... ' ' she 's sinking , ' herb said .
' do n't you ever say that , ' herb said .
he had begun splitting wood for the coming winter , a chore herb had been planning to hire out since he himself had landed a contract to do some inside work on a new housing project in libertyville .
every day on his way home from work , herb would stop at the pownal post office and pick up the packages that were too big to fit in their mailbox .
a card from herb 's cousin out in oklahoma .
he would get down to visit herb as often as he could , every weekend , if that felt like the right thing to do .
' he has your color and complexion , ' herb said .
' you know , the cooking is supposed to be johnny 's job , ' herb said .
' well , maybe it 's all for the best , ' herb said .
herb was watching denny eat string beans , seriously , one by one , using all six of his teeth on them .
' our pleasure entirely , ' herb said , standing up .
herb kissed the top of denny 's head ( and denny grabbed herb 's nose in his chubby fist and honked it hard enough to make herb 's eyes water ) and sarah 's cheek .
herb kissed the top of denny 's head ( and denny grabbed herb 's nose in his chubby fist and honked it hard enough to make herb 's eyes water ) and sarah 's cheek .
herb kissed the top of denny 's head ( and denny grabbed herb 's nose in his chubby fist and honked it hard enough to make herb 's eyes water ) and sarah 's cheek .
' good to see sarah , ' herb said .
' well now , maybe that 's for the best , ' herb said finally .
' you played with these toys , ' herb said , getting down on his knees and beginning to gather them up .
' he did n't even have the guts to put his own name to this lie , ' herb said .
' oh , ' herb said .
in october herb had hired a local high school girl to come in once a week to do some dusting and vacuum the floors .
' no , we do n't talk about it , ' herb agreed .
' best forgotten then , ' herb said , and clapped his son on the shoulder .
he went in his father 's car , and as he was getting ready to leave herb asked him , ' you 're not nervous ?
this was december 17 , and their tree stood in the corner of the living room , its base firmly wedged into the old tree stand herb had made when johnny was just a kid .
' we want to watch the national news , ' herb said .
' just nine , ' herb said .
' maybe they cut it , ' herb said .
' her husband was a helluva doctor but not much of a handyman , ' herb said .
' place was practically falling down around that woman 's ears , ' herb said .
his father 's negotiations with charlene mackenzie had entered the critical stage , and herb was no longer bothering to protest that his interest in her was only to make sure that the house did n't fall down on top of her .
' no trouble , ' herb said , smiling nervously and rubbing his hands together like an accountant who has discovered that the company he just invested his life savings with is bankrupt .
' we 're going to put both places on the market , i guess , ' herb ' said .
now sarah was a woman , the mother of two , and in his last letter herb had said sarah was showing a few gray hairs .
in the front courtyard are planted many varieties of cactus and , at their bases , herb gardens in thick verdant patches .
i was riding with you the day you ran over herb wilsons clubs after he accused you of lying about your ball not being out of bounds after bouncing back into the short rough following you hitting the portable crapper behind the seventh hole at the club .
they are two - for - one deals , and she explained it was made up of herbs and wildflowers from the amazon rainforest that would both seduce the man of my dreams ( who by then was daniel , of course , despite my enticing encounter that day with ted jr . ) , and repel any demons nearby ( and i wo nt mention her name again right now , because i ve had quite enough of her for the time being , plus i ve heard that if you say a persons name enough times , they ll show up .
she is mistress thyme and she is as fragrant as the herb after which she is named .
the tour took them past a trio tinkling glasses and smoking foul - smelling cigars around a sandstone birdbath , itself ringed by rose beds ; past an amorous couple pretending to be interested in a georgian sundial ; past a large sunken herb garden in which a class in life - drawing with a most fetching nude model seemed to be taking enrolments ; and then around to the party zone proper .
` ` mr . de thon has arrived and is making his way through the herb garden . ''
he remembered how surprised he had been to learn that the chelsea physic garden was simply a herb garden and not some kind of gymnasium ; or that the british legion was utterly different to the foreign legion .
* * * herbs in the hills * * * henna the red - haired sat in the badlands sun on her lonely green hilltop and cursed her miserable fate , the handful of smelly weeds in her hand and life in general .
they had to survive the herbs she was harvesting , for a start .
it does look like you 're versed in my herb needs , thou .
or a local trying to harvest scared herbs .
you remember the herb - harvest - by - moonlight thing we did last night ?
what about yesterday 's herbs ?
( a3 enters in a wheelchair and poses with a1 as before ) a3 ( herb ) : i thought i was too old for love , until i went on the love doctor .
a1 ( chloe ) : i love you herb .
amanda , even more than the dichotomy of a cheese grater found in the herb garden of a well - known perch wrangler .
marram and trent hope they ll ultimately grow herbs and heirloom vegetables , as well , for a future farmers market .
all have been voided of their original contents and replaced with a myriad of exotic roots and herbs , including john the conqueror and adam and eve .
this one held black cohosh , the dried , crushed leaves of a small perennial herb .
and poor herb 's wife got him out tonight .
they wandered through a greenhouse full of potted herbs , over the brown , thatched earth of a long - harvested garden , and beside pens of goats and chickens .
sometimes i 'd collect it ; this yellow herb is mildly sedative , and much warmer than beer for an at - night aperitif .
i find out that he grows herbs for a living , which i consider more of a hobby then a proper job and he sells them at markets and over the internet .
at that point , she had a break , which she generally spent in the garden , weeding and tending the herbs and vegetables .
mid - morning , mercy went to the garden to pick herbs and to do a bit of weeding .
weed , spray some plants with rosemary water to discourage the white flies , weed some more , water the herb garden .
dried flowers and grass - tied bunches of herbs adorned the stone walls .
see how aurora throws her fair fresh - quilted colors through the air : get up , sweet slug - a - bed , and see the dew bespangling herb and tree .
if that is not dying i do nt know what is he had said to her sister who was a healer and knew all the secrets of the herbs that grew in the hidden places .
irene and i ploughed them into herb gardening .
we read about drying herbs and preserving produce .
i also slip vegetable plants in among the perennial gardens , and i get planters from the thrift store and fill them with herbs and tomato plants , lining them up on the walkway and the driveway .
by mid - summer were able to harvest some herbs , which i bake into my loaves of fresh bread and bring to mrs . mckinleys .
` ` the government of st . lucy will supply us with herbs and spices , which will be sold as byproducts of baldwin 's greenhouse operation .
in addition , there were three new bedsone for herbs , both annual and perennial , one for cutting flowers like cosmos , daisies and zinnias , and one holding heirloom varieties of tomatoes and eggplant .
gene duck - walked from the bed filled with spring bulbs to the raised bed set aside for herbs .
the lawn was mowed , it looked like someone planted various kinds of flowers and herbs along the perimeter of the house and around some of the large oak trees .
for of course , as i ve alluded to , there are many chemicals and other treatments , herbs and such , that willor attempt tolessen the urge , that try to make it bearable , or less unendurable , and so forth ; to take the edge off .
there was an herb garden , abundant and bedraggled on the side where i was standing .
so i go and dig my garden , and grow my herbs , and forget about the sailing .
laredo would have called the cops , but he had three baby marijuana plants growing in the herb garden in his windowsill .
sounds awful , i know , but herb was a real pain toward the end there .
and there had been a childless king , and despite his best efforts he could not prolong his line through intersection with any queen or princess or remedial herb and so on and so forth and the brave son ventured into the wild with his faithful brother and his ludicrously fidelious wife , and the invulnerable demon king receives word of the wifes beauty , and through intricate traps and idiotic female frailty the heros wife is abducted , and the hero takes great pains to weave an ironclad alliance with a nation of party - loving monkeys , and the monkeys own hero scouts the demons kingdom and unleashes great destruction there at little to no cost to his own simian well - being , and the two armies plus the monkeys inevitable gear up for war , and upon the battlefield the hero meets the and the companion tripped over the outstretched leg of a sleeping beggar and he vociferates his disdain of the current state of alleys in the historical centre of a once great city and the beggar now fully awakened makes no reply but gets up and jumps onto companions back and issues a series of rapid and exceedingly well - executed stabs of his switchblade to companions chest .
presents from mother nature herbs , roots , oils , and flowers are amazing friends from mother earth and just like everything natural , the government tries its very best to controli ca nt really go there !
damiana : is a wonderful herb for feeling loved .
mugwort : is a fun herb .
some herbs for breasts are : pueraria mirifica , fennell , fenugreek , and saw palmetto .
less than a hundred men had spent the night on the outskirts of a small village , and though the sun had not risen yet , children ran out to greet them with wreaths woven from a variety of grasses and fresh herbs .
the walking trail was absolutely gorgeous with wild herbs and plants of all kinds .
hannah had even recognized some of the herbs as medicinal .
just as the herbs can be used to nourish and heal after they ve been fertilized , so can we find healing through gods mercy .
then what about herbs or .
reay could sell you his patented herb extract .
most days , roland and i followed rudolph outside , mindful not to fall into any bogs , as he meandered through the soggy tundra , looking for clusters of sedges , lichen and the delicate herbs and funghi that he favoured .
george never hit the herb during the day .
they survive on herbs they all collect from the jungle and sell it to a cooperative in the district town .
on a sunny afternoon he stood with her in the little herb garden where the good countess once listened to the wisdom of the master cyprianus .
all this and even a lot more grew until nearly all of his body was full and lush , and he had more vegetables and herbs and fruits than he could ever imagine figuring out what to do with .
on the small round dining table that he placed next to the front window of his home , he kept a pair of gardening shears ; and , when his guests were over , he would give them some of the vegetables , herbs and fruits that had grown from him .
this woman who the character encounters seemed , as she read , to communicate with her , knowing her as if she was completely free and wild , an herb naturally growing on a hill above where the woman might have slept .
then i dug up the herb garden .
i planted that herb garden behind the house , where rollie was nt likely to run over it in his car .
most of the herbs were ones that she had planted and tended .
it was only lyssa and paris , the woman who had indulged her interest in herbs and spices by adding a lyssa corner to every garden plot , where together they tended whatever lyssa chose to plant , no matter how odd or exotic .
i was just explaining to you that you do nt want to spend all your time growing herbs and flowers .
i paid my tuition with these herbs you say i should nt waste my time with .
that glassed - in greenhouse has some miniature grapefruit and orange and kumquat trees , plus some of my herbs that are more sensitive to frost .
its good for herbs , too .
at noon the shadow of the tree like an enormous umbrella sheltered from the sweltering sun the thickets and bushes of akchhatti , dheki - fern , kukurshoka , datura and host of other herbs and wild plants .
the adjacent forest was free from restrictions and they could hunt in the evening or collect firewood , herbs and ground potatoes .
even her own attempts at playing herb 's game were ham - handed failures , forcing her to conclude that she was n't much of a flirt nor possessed ( as herb 's dalliances constantly reminded her ) much natural proclivity toward sex .
even her own attempts at playing herb 's game were ham - handed failures , forcing her to conclude that she was n't much of a flirt nor possessed ( as herb 's dalliances constantly reminded her ) much natural proclivity toward sex .
young and free to explore and experience life just like andrea had before she had made what was amounting to the greatest mistake of her life meeting and marrying herb .
the fact was that herb had absolutely refused to allow her to accept any of the repeated invitations to appear on the show .
andrea thought about what herb had told her and although she knew that what he said make good sense , she could n't stop from asking the lawyer if he could , as a show of his abilities and good faith , arrange for her to appear on the morris melton show ?
herb delcum , whose reaction at andrea 's desire for a divorce had cost him a night in schonefield 's jail , was confronted outside the cemetery by three long suffering mistresses , whose shock at discovering that , contrary to herb 's repeated assurances that each was next in line for the dubious title of mrs . delcum , there was competition .
too late did andrea discover the truth in both herb 's and her lawyer 's warnings .
mr . roland channeled herb 's message that he knew that rhoda was not their daughter because of a gulf war injury that had left him sterile .
* we siphoned a little gas out of herb coleman 's red tractor for charles ' hudson , and charles has just pulled onto the main street of fresno 's colored district , moving slow .
deployment vietnam part 1 by herb blanchard deployment vietnam part 1 by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
deployment vietnam part 1 by herb blanchard deployment vietnam part 1 by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
deployment vietnam part 1 by herb blanchard deployment vietnam part 1 by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
cover photo by the author circa 1962 also by herb blanchard published at smashwords an okinawan affair shuri gate struggles of a country boy my life before & without boomers & yuppies coming soon deployment vietnam part 2 dedication this book is dedicate to the officers and men i served with in the us navy seabees .
looking back at the top of the list , he expected to re - read the first entry , about something to mollify an ague -- whatever that was -- but instead found a listing for an herb to deracinate a tree spirit .
reaching inside , tippy turned on the outdoor lights , revealing a tidy yard and an herb garden .
and we were talking about her organic vegetable and herb garden .
she s the herb expert .
i knew what they were doing , but i could tell herb did n't .
` ` i ' m with you , herb .
` ` how 's the family , herb ? ''
` ` you 're just too good a catholic , herb .
then herb hit the electric locks .
when studsy turned and rushed back into room 422 , i signaled herb to follow and went back into 420 .
then i dragged herb over to studsy laying him head to studsy 's groin .
i wanted to make sure studsy and herb had unimpeachable witnesses to their romantic compromise of security .
from the size of the corpses , i guessed they were studsy and herb .
tom tompkins , the coroner , abe berg , the local dentist , happy lang owner of the super market , phillip cutter retired , and herb clay , psychologist .
some antique bottles with herbal whatever in them , some books on herbs and even a volume or two on witchcraft .
i was welcomed with friendly open arms , and i greatly appreciated the cup of tea offered me by mrs . brown , for anyone with sense knows the healing properties that are inherent in a good example of these hot , steeped , dried herbs that herald from darjeeling .
how wonderful it had been learning the names of all the wild flowers and herbs from tante marie .
they continued to pore over the drawings for a free - form , paved labyrinth landscaped with herbs to provide aromatherapy .
we may have to be creative about obtaining the herbs you want since it 'll be past prime planting time .
she 's interested in the healing potential of plants , both in the herbs and in what she calls ' high vibration gardening . ' ''
` ` i say we let it all go to chickory and chickweed and remind her they 're native herbs , '' bailey pouted .
in traditional wiccan fashion we prepare a circle using candles , flowers and whatever herbs are recognized as having particular potency during that phase of the season .
bruce had enough common sense to jump into a patch of weeds and wild herbs growing beside the trail , but kip maintained his stance and held out his hand to grab the tricycles handlebar .
pickett said : herb purdy , you know him ?
herb , he works for the guy who runs this place .
so what did herb want with this millie ?
and millie , like , gave some back to herb , and and , stuffed the rest in an envelope and asked herb to mail it cause she had somebody coming .
and millie , like , gave some back to herb , and and , stuffed the rest in an envelope and asked herb to mail it cause she had somebody coming .
yeah , and herb , like , laughed at her and told her to have her john mail it .
the same day she paid herb ?
jesus , i would n't of fooled around with herb if god .
it was herb , not me .
they are to recite anglo - saxon spells and burn ' organic ' cottage garden herbs .
look , there s a red seam running through the middle , i wonder if that s the herb part of it .
most of the hunters in herbs are grubby .
later that day , herb showed up at her door again .
what is it , herb , she says .
despite what the young girl becky had said , nicholas was a dedicated gardener ; various herbs , plants and flowers were carefully and tastefully located in different parts of the yard .
the plotting is well worked out , foley is interestingly complex , and the secondary characters enrich the book like well - chosen herbs in a thick broth .
and unto adam he said , because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife , and hast eaten of the tree , of which i commanded thee , saying , thou shalt not eat of it : cursed is the ground for thy sake ; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life ; thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee ; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field ; in the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread , till thou return unto the ground ; for out of it wast thou taken : for dust thou art , and unto dust shalt thou return .
she had every herb known to mankind growing in her overgrown yard .
the herbs were in the flush of late summer growth , with green vines winding up the trellises and flowers of every color decorating the beds .
the garden at the back of the house was filled with herbs and vegetables ; amanda was not one for flowers or fancy plants .
then she raised her eyes to a shelf above the kitchen counter , where bjurman had put about twenty seed packets , seeds for an herb garden .
others dealt with the rain forest , forestry , horticulture , and medicinal herbs .
the little scratches from hot , sticklike herbs drove me to the edge .
mortar and pestles lined the windowsill with herbs and flowers drying above .
fresh herbs were growing in his garden and she 'd seen coriander among the herbs .
fresh herbs were growing in his garden and she 'd seen coriander among the herbs .
the poisonous herbs .
while i waited for michael to bring me some tomatoes , i put together balsamic vinaigrette dressing , leaning out onto the back deck to pull leaves from lukes potted herb garden .
they re herbs with special aphrodisiac properties .
wildflowers and herbs hid between the blades , scattered perhaps by intention to give off a thick aroma that calmed the nerves and , she suspected , dulled the reflexes .
hadja stirred the cauldron over the flames , and the earthy scent of tubers cooking filled the cottage , overpowering even the herbs .
she hunkered down in the weeds and herbs where the men in her fathers shed could nt find her .
only his eyes flashed in the moonlight before he walked away , down the herb path and into the night .
her steps padded against fresh dew as she trotted down between the herbs to the roadway .
she hovered over the cottage and then swooped down , passing at a thought through the thatch roof and lingering just inside amidst the hanging herbs .
satina had assumed she referred to her herbs and potions , to the smaller magics .
surface dwellers had to rely on the herbs nature provided and their own immune systems .
if any hand tilled the bits and patches of soil under the marigolds and herbs , it belonged to a woman whose man simply passed through their bed between trips to sea .
the castles enchantress and healers worked tirelessly to save the prince , but no spell or herb or potion was able to touch the sickness .
its natural herbs .
through a gap in the canopy , sunlight streamed in , pooling on the ground and giving life to herbs and red- spiked flowers .
gaps in the canopy left patches of sun on the ground where herbs grew , elbowing out the competition .
the herbs of the forest provided medicine for those who knew their power .
sarah asked , looking around at the various herbs she had picked .
it had been so long since sarah had dealt with her herbs and was contemplating asking rose if she could grow some .
sarah noticed that there was very little variety , especially healing herbs from which to choose .
so , you are quite familiar with herbs and potions , he queried .
she looked about the small yard , realizing there was nt much of a garden area to grow herbs , but perhaps she could start small if they were still here next spring .
she has knowledge of herbs which would benefit those who are sick around the town .
with the captain gone , sarah and renny used the time to plant their herb garden .
although sarah wished to maintain a low profile , mae would accompany arnt into town for supplies , bringing seedlings for sarah to grow her herb garden .
between sarah and renny , they were able to use their gifts to grow herbs and heal many people in their parts .
my mother is good with herbs .
it was shortly after edwards death that she had heard of the native americans , the naumkeag people , who used herbs to cure their illnesses , and she became very excited by the thought .
based on her work with herbs .
` ` dandelion leaves are okay , '' he read relentlessly , ` ` but why not grow a selection of tasty herbs in a window box ?
hoodoo was thought to involve clairvoyance , hexing , conjuring and the healing of spirit and body using roots , herbs and other natural elements .
and some herbs she could nt name , but inhaled with pleasure .
he sipped the tea , his third cup , and for just a moment caleb wondered what sorts of herbs selene had put into it , and whether they were fully legal .
* parker nearly froze his butt off clearing debris and setting flagstone for the new herb garden he would plant this spring for mrs . gentilliano .
however , the paint colour which put her in mind of fortnum and masons signature shade- ; and thinking about the herb garden she was planning for within the walls had given her an idea for an alternative .
there d be beds full of fragrant herbs , fruits growing for the chateaus kitchen and the cottage , once renovated , could be surrounded with pretty annuals and perennials .
there would be ample space in its beds for the cottages namesake plant and numerous other useful and beautiful herbs .
an assortment of cheeses , ham and tomato were already arranged on a plate with a sprig of parsley in the centre , parsley being the one herb that grew with unabashed vigour , unbidden around the non - garden .
the same thing for fresh herbs which they would also be growing .
there are many possibilities for expanding with additional herbs , vegetables and fruits .
` ` i won a vegetable garden seed sampler and a window herb garden , '' peggy answered .
she cut herbs and flowers from her garden , and she shopped in strange places , slipping behind red gates adorned with ornate gold symbols .
he instantly regretted the rash move when she sprang forward toward a herb border .
he followed her into a square herb garden , with gravel paths bisecting geometrical beds of fragrant lavender and sage and oregano .
the night was quiet and dark ; downtown was deserted , and in the shadows , herbs seemed oddly forbidding .
if she was not at the library or greenleaf , not at doris 's or herbs , there was only one place she could be .
the one place they did n't go was herbs .
as lexie had predicted , boone creek was an ideal place for claire to grow up , and he and claire often headed for herbs .
` ` maggie knows this and that about herbs .
he skirted past the chicken coop and the cluckers that were pecking around , by the goat yard where the two nannies stood slack - hipped and bored , edged around his mother 's herb garden .
while bob hurried into the kitchen for the tea , jack inspected peggy 's herb garden .
peggy was working in her herb garden when he pulled into the driveway .
peggy was busy clipping herbs in her garden , wearing a large straw hat to shade her face from the late - afternoon sun .
` ` i ' ve always meant to ask you about your herb garden , '' corrie said from behind her desk .
i found out that i have a knack for growing herbs .
the other woman seemed genuinely interested in learning about herbs .
after seeing peggy 's herb garden , she wanted to plant her own .
she had a strong practical streak , expressed in her vegetable and herb gardens ; she satisfied her craving for beauty with the flower gardens in front .
the name of their b and b , thyme and tide , had come from both their proximity to the sea and peggy 's herbs .
her small rose garden was prospering , and so was her expanding herb garden .
books and papers were spread out before him , and he and sophie had passed several pleasant hours searching through them for lists and histories of spells , details about yin fen , and specifics of herb lore .
` ` that sounds too simple , '' luce said , noting the intri - cacies of the buildings around her - the high onion - domed windows in one , the verdant herb garden creeping out the window of another .
he saw a row of potted herbs gracing the window sill along with a single cutting from a philodendron that she was apparently trying to nurse into a full grown plant .
she clipped a few small sprigs of parsley from his countertop herb garden for a garnish , which she placed alongside the orange sections that she 'd cut up and fanned next to the bacon .
there was a flowering vine of some kind twining round the window , and the monastery 's herb garden was visible outside .
outside in the cloister walk , the day was fine , and fat bees buzzed over the herb garden that lay within the square of the cloister , dusted thick with the yellow pollen .
terra - cotta pots lined the colorful cobblestones and burst with various herbs and fruit plants , just waiting to sprout at the first sign of spring .
she chatted about the classes she took , or how her herb garden was coming along .
he noted supplies for scrapbooking , several skeins of purple yarn , three empty flowerpots and a trowel - minus any dirt - a book on herbs , packets of seeds , a box of watercolors , a table easel , a book titled how to draw nudes ... whoa .
krysta was craning her neck , looking at the wildflower beds , at some kids playing croquet in one of the overgrown fields , at the giant pirate ship that her parents had added and turned into an herb garden rather than a child 's playground .
the bottom of his t - shirt was curled up , making a cloth bowl of sorts , and it was stuffed silly with different shades of green , stretches of herbs that he 'd clearly just picked .
rocking chairs , window boxes with herb gardens growing in them , the occasional marigold peeking through , a bit limp in this early august weather .
she read an article in the same magazine about herb gardens .
claire 's herb bed was full of leafing greens and sprouting flowers .
she looked at the distilling apparatus on my counter in fascination , the alcohol bath bubbling gently away in its great glass bubble over a low flame and the oil of vitriol - later to be known as sulfuric acid - slicking its slow way down the slanted tubing , its malign hot scent lurking below the usual surgery smells of roots and herbs .
we 'd put him in the springhouse to keep cool with the butter and eggs , and bree and malva had done their best , packing the body with moss to absorb liquids , adding as many strongly aromatic herbs as they could find , then wrapping the unsavory package in a deer 's hide , bound with rawhide strips in the indian fashion .
i had worked with her , side by side , planting herbs and harvesting them , making simples for the stillroom , explaining their uses .
she had a certain talent with the sick , did phaedre , and some knowledge of herbs .
accustomed to wander alone in the woods in search of food plants and herbs , she had been doing so during the height of the dysentery epidemic .
` ` there 's a bittie parcel in there of an herb ye might find of interest . ''
he was easy to talk to , and very knowledgeable indeed about the uses of herbs and botanicals .
even green herbs and meadow grass have vitamin c. '' ` ` mmphm .
and so for myself , rather than for her , i knelt by her body and scattered herbs : fragrant and bitter , leaves of rue and hyssop flowers , rosemary , thyme and lavender .
we had not much meat - there had been little time for hunting , beyond squirrel and rabbit , and those useful rodents had gone to their winter rest by now - but a fair amount of dried vegetables , from yams to squash to wild onions and garlic , plus a bushel or two of nuts , and the small stock of herbs i had managed to gather and dry .
the air was thick and sweet with the breath of green plants , the tang of herbs and musk of dead leaves , overlaid and interlaced with the scents of the storm - wet rock , damp earth , and rising mist , and a sharp hint of ozone , sudden as the lightning that had struck the tree .
if not thoroughly dry before storage , fleshy - leaved herbs would rot in the bottle ; seeds would grow exotic molds .
i had searched the woods for nearly two weeks , but it was so late in the year that the leaves of the smaller herbs had yellowed and fallen ; it was impossible to recognize plants that were no more than brown sticks .
` ` painkiller , '' i muttered happily , recollecting mr . crook explaining the uses of the barks and herbs we found .
we shall , be in the herb garden . ''
would ye care for a look at the herb gardens ?
` ` stealing , most like , '' she said laconically , returning to the herb table .
besides the lovely little ornamental garden , the manor had a small herb garden and an immense kitchen garden or kailyard that supplied turnips , cabbages , and vegetable marrows .
` ` he 's got all the normal herbs there , and a greenhouse so tiny that he ca n't even stand up straight inside it , with things that should n't grow at this season , or should n't grow in this part of the world , or just should n't grow .
somewhat depleted of the commoner herbs i had brought with me , my stock had been augmented by the good offices of myers , who had brought me several rare and useful things from the indian villages to the north , and by judicious trading with murray macleod , an ambitious young apothecary who had made his way inland and set up shop in cross creek .
there would be little growing now , only a few sturdy herbs and the overwintering things like carrots and onions and turnips , but it made no difference ; she always went to see how things were , no matter how short a time she had been gone .
` ` i hope mrs . chisholm does n't know anything about herbs , '' she told him , whispering .
that was an exciting possibility ; mr . stanhope 's friend mr . crossley had an extensive ornamental garden , with a large number of exotic and imported species , and stanhope had offered to see whether crossley might be amenable to an exchange ; seeds and cuttings of some of the rarer european and asian herbs from his collection , for bulbs and seeds from what stanhope described as my ` ` mountain fastness . ''
i began to make a list of the herbs i had on hand , and under each name , all the uses that i knew for that herb - whether i had ever made such use of it or not .
i figured the herbs and natural remedies the old woman had might have some chance of doing something the doctors could n't .
besides perennials , she grew italian parsley , basil and thyme and a few other herbs in the ceramic pots that bordered her patio .
` ` you said something last night about wanting to grow an herb garden , did n't you ? ''
she was cultivating the soil , preparing it to plant several different herbs that afternoon .
she 'd need a whole host of herbs and roots , but she preferred to find those herself .
` ` i must go forage for the roots and herbs i need for my medicines .
i ' ve spent the last hours searching your forest for all manner of herbs .
there are a few herbs i must look for .
she liked nothing better than gardening and had astonishing success with planting just about anything - flowers , vegetables , herbs ... ` ` jackie and tommy will be so excited to see them . ''
` ` that 's the home of our illustrious vegetable and herb garden . ''
she beams every time he shows up at herbs , and i swear he blushes .
some of the herbs will still be usable and can be dried for use in winter , but not for much longer .
` ` it smells like she is burning some of those twigs and herbs she likes to collect , '' osgoode gasped , running to catch up .
cheese , flour and exotic herbs we can not grow here , and - ` ` ` ` cheese , flour and exotic herbs ? ''
she hadn'tevenconsideredthat issue yet , but a garden and the herbs andmedicinal plants it provided couldbe as indispensable as a well .
nobody should fool around with herbs unless they know exactly what they 're doing .
there was always something to do here , cutting or drying or preserving the herbs from her grandmother 's garden , and there was often a fire in the hearth .
the last of the herbs had been gathered , and the house was decorated with autumn flowers , marigolds and purple asters .
he grows a lot of his herbs up here . ''
` ` they 're herbs , '' she said .
` ` so i learned all i could , and i learned how to keep my mind and body centered with yoga , meditation , herbs , trances - any and everything to stave off the beast in the dreams .
she scouted through cal 's gardens for specific flowers and herbs , and continued to snip when gage crossed the lawn to her .
layla crouched to gather up the flowers and herbs .
and sunlight and flowers and she searched her memory to identify the herb .
diana and laurel were in the herb garden , salvaging things laurel thought might be useful .
` ` sky and sea , keep harm from me , '' she laughed , twirling , looking over the herb bushes to the blue expanse of the ocean beyond the cliff .
he knew enough about plants and herbs to know what to eat and what to avoid .
` ` not that manuel ever uses any of these plants , but when i was nine i became interested in herbs , and my mother helped me learn what was what .
hugh waited for the door to close , then took willa 's arm and marched her between the herb and vegetable gardens to the apple trees behind them .
it 's got leeks in it , and this funny little green herb that looks like fur .