the meat was tender and juicy with a subtle taste of garlic and some other herb he could n't identify .
she set a pot of water to boil to make him tea on the old - fashioned iron cookstove and wished she had some herbs on hand with antibiotic properties .
it tasted delicious , reminding me of the sea , with just a hint of lobster , olive oil , and herbs .
the fish sputtered in the oil , giving the room the delicious scent of cooking herbs and spices .
the aroma of fresh herbs and homegrown vegetables impressed sophia with each spoonful .
i would be drinking a harmonique 2002 pinot noir , which was the perfect accompaniment to the grilled fresh water salmon , homemade bread loaf with dill and herb whipped butter , plus the mixed vegetable blend .
the omelet was delicious , rich with herbs and perfectly cooked .
she grew her own herb garden and put fresh spices in when possible . ''
she 'd said she wanted to have an enormous kitchen with an herb garden right outside the doors so she could have fresh herbs whenever she cooked .
my friend dave is the one that cooks most of the time at home but i grow all the herbs , which he says means i have to chop them up . ''
` ` oh , this is wonderful , '' she said as the subtle herbs came to life in her mouth .
he said and took out fresh basil and several other unidentifiable herbs to chop .
she added capers and lots of fresh herbs to the sauce .
she took a deep breath and began checking the pots of herbs and flowers for insects , mold and dryness .
there were two main ingredients for every holland product : the first , specially grown flowers and herbs from the forcing house .
it made a cut over my eye better , freshened up my- '' ` ` herbs , '' she said , confusing the hell out of him .
` ` the herbs ? ''
hollands have been adding herbs to the springs for over two hundred and fifty years .
' mussels in white wine to start followed by the herb crusted lamb cutlets . '
` ` yeah , well , i ' ve never had pan - fried trout with an herb sauce on the trail . ''
my head began to ache , my bones began to ache , and i surely would have caught my death , had sir stefan not finally agreed to let us stop for a short while so that i could gather curative herbs . ''
glowering at the others as he seated himself at the table , he said , ` ` ' t is no fit job for a knight - squiring an old woman about while she picks herbs and gathers nuts .
jenny nodded absently , clutching malcolm 's dagger , vaguely thinking of aunt elinor 's many trips to the woods for her herbs .
inside the tiny , dimly lit shop an odd array of medicinal scents mingled with the odors of herbs , over which there was the pervading sting of ammonia salts .
caroline asked victoria admiringly while two footmen served trout sauteed in butter and herbs and covered with a delicate sauce .
there are the small herb beds - which my grandmother designed after a medieval kitchen garden - and past that , the tall , dark wall of the hedge maze .
since the basement remained remarkably dry her mom hung fresh herbs down there making it constantly smell like basil and rosemary .
noticing the aroma of fresh herbs , i broke our gaze and looked toward the quiet kitchen .
` ` well , herb , let me take those . ''
` ` good thinking , herb , '' adam said with a smile .
` ` thanks , herb !
donna had elbowed her way in on herb and he had wandered off .
i noticed that vixen and herb left together .
he grinned and there were a few herbs from the complimentary canapes sticking to his front teeth .
he lived on the fifth floor , in a one - room studio with a small kitchenette and a postage stamp of a balcony next to a fire escape where he kept a few herbs and flowers .
they just taste different because they put more herbs and spices on top of the pizza before it goes into the oven . ''
` ` do n't tell me you 're the farmer's - market type , with fresh herbs and knowing your chickens by name . ''
she was surprised by how natural it felt to stand over a hot fire , to pound herbs together with a mortar and pestle , to knead bread until it was just the right consistency .
` ` she makes the most marvelous herb bread . ''
chapter twelve charlotte walked into the general store at seven a.m , the same time herb cooper opened the doors .
no one else shopped this early and she found she could get in and out without having to make small talk with anyone other than herb or roxanne , his wife .
` ` thanks , herb . ''
` ` you never know what will set a woman off , herb . ''
rick cut herb off and herded kendall out the door before another round of post - wedding discussion could begin .
i gave her another hug and helped her dump out the disgusting butter and then air out the apartment as she popped two giant bowls ' worth of popcorn , covered it in fresh butter , and then with herbs and spices .
the smell reminded me of herbs and black licorice .
he found her pulse beating strongly in the scented skin of her neck , mint drifting all around them , suddenly becoming his favorite herb ever , and then he licked her flesh , knowing he would never get enough of her taste , enough of her body , enough of any of this .
` ` the main course is salmon , '' eliza said , ` ` freshly caught and baked with herbs .
a fork touched my lips and tongue , and i tasted metal , and then salmon , light and flaky and perfectly flavored with herbs .
as everyone talked and laughed , a gorgeous summer greens salad was served , and then we all enjoyed our meals of peppered beef and lemon herb chicken home style , sharing our meal together , like it should be .
they were able to sit down for dinner at the tiny table to a fresh salad , marinated green beans and roasted chicken with some sort of herbs that tantalized .
well before they entered the kitchen the delicious aroma of herbs and spices drifted to her nose , causing her stomach to grumble softly .
we had moved on from the salad to sharing a flatbread with fresh local tomatoes , artichoke hearts , onions , mushrooms , topped off with herbs and a layer of fresh house - made mozzarella .
i also bought dry italian salami , some mixed olives and a loaf of artisanal bread with herbs baked in .
my chef takes special care not to over season , but you 'll find the fresh herbs add far more flavor . ''
he steered me toward a shop that sold hand milled soaps and colognes all infused with local herbs and flower essences .
i ca n't believe the herbs ! ''
i talked to herb yesterday about getting this doctor bill put on workman 's comp since i hurt it on the job last week . ''
my father had n't worked in almost eight years and his old boss herb died before he left the company .
i lose myself in the process , lathering my hair and skin and enjoying the peaceful moment and the fragrant scent of herbs enveloping me .
i came up behind him and circled his chest with my arms , giving him a hug as he placed tiny springs of herbs on top our plates .
ten minutes later , she found kade and dee chatting in the herb drying room .
i would ' ve banged you on the concrete floor of your herb room until my knees bled the second i saw you today , in another one of them sexy - assed dresses you always wear .
she 'd soaked her in a soothing bath steeped with calming herbs .
grandma mixed up herb ointments for my mother that actually worked .
sold veggies and dried herbs ? ''
i ' m down to root vegetables , apples and some herbs . ''
` ` i also grabbed the herbs .
she tossed in a handful of herbs and nestled the lid over the steam .
after her first day in the cooking area , directing the servants to where the herbs and spices she could distinguish by smell might go , and speaking as best she could what should go in the cooking pot , the servants set forth a stew so pleasurable to their mouths , his family gave his mate great cheer .
she was well - thanked by all , and henceforth , they all endeavored to also help her with their tongue because the more herbs and spice and food stuffs his queen was able to identify , the better their own meals became .
for example , cooking with spices was easy enough , but had n't been able to incorporate many herbs because she did n't know the names for the ones not made obvious by the way they smelled .
what if you be met with some manner of animal while you pick herbs in the forest ? ''
acheron added more herbs to the pot , then blew on them to stir the embers around them .
acheron opened it and lifted the herbs to his nose .
the pungent lavender was n't enough to overwhelm the herb that would ease him .
there in the darkness , he opened the lid and mixed the herbs together .
he lit the herbs and blew on them ever so slightly to get them charred to the right amount so that the fumes would be potent enough .
the girl pulled the cloak up on her head as she added water to the boiling herbs to make them smoke more .
he pulled the arc of herbs from the table next to the bed and flung it into acheron 's face .
` ` did tony sneak the special herbs into our food again ? ''
she was n't surrounded by cave paintings and questionable herbs that doubled as hallucinogens .
her eyes flicking open , she watched the old healer wash the waxy substance from her hands under a spigot and then clean up the herbs she 'd put into the potion .
even the columns of the room held pockets of herbs in them .
he pulled out a stockpot and added herbs and seasoning to the water .
` ` lightly seasoned beef with a yellow herb cream sauce and stewed vegetables .
bat wings and skeins of herbs hung from the ceiling to dry .
the material carried the pleasant scent of preserving herbs .
monday 's arraignment of accused serial murderer herb august miller , who is being held for the killing of seventeen - year - old lucia rain gray as well as seven other teens over the past eight years has been continued to june 1 .
there are groceries on the counter : a bag of fresh pasta , some herbs , and a wedge of cheese .
the air smelled of herbs and strange poultices .
jasmine had a natural talent when it came to working with healing herbs and all that jazz .
methods and practices of herbs and their impact on demons and wardens .
i chuckle as i kick the door shut behind me , the delicious smell of whatever alex is cooking today - beef and herbs and definitely italian - making my stomach growl .
or i will see them and hear them , i thought , for god only knows what she had put in it - the herbs and oils which made witches mad , and likely to dance like taltos under the moon .
the scent of the herbs was very strong .
amid delicate tropical flowering plants and lazing palms , beauty saw steam rising from the shallow pools in the marble floor and smelled the fragrance of herbs and spiced perfumes .
they 'd built a little fire in a circle of old bricks , and they were scattering some herbs on it and chanting .
she wondered if she could cast a stunning spell without any herbs or preparation .
mr . bromios 's inn , the seventh magpie , normally a warren of empty rooms , had filled a week earlier , and now the strangers had begun to take rooms in the farms and private houses , paying for their lodgings with strange coins , with herbs and spices , and even with gemstones .
mistress semele got to her feet and made her way into the interior of the caravan , emerging with two painted wooden bowls , two wooden - handled knives , and a small pot of herbs , dried and flaked to a green powder .
she passed the pot of herbs to her guest .
` ` the witch - queen took her portion of roasted hare , and one of the knives , and sprinkled a little of the herbs onto the dish .
` ` it is the herbs make it so fine , '' explained the harridan .
tim took so many herbs and extracts that she suspected his libido was chemically stunted .
she sat beside him on the bed , scooping a thick paste of strong - smelling herbs from the bag , stuffing his wound with it .
gone was the cabinet with its hanging herbs , the rack of dog - eared spell books , the ceramic spoons , and copper spell pots .
not with candles all over the place and half - crushed herbs and magnetic chalk everywhere .
he smiled , snapping the chest closed and dropping it down the stairway to his herb cellar , to shatter by the sound of it .
one might think that my herbs and prepped amulets , hanging in the cabinet from mug hooks , would made an odd statement given the modern feel of the rest of it , but somehow their dried simplicity blended in with the gleaming counters and shiny cooking utensils .
bits of herbs floated up , and the fragrant steam bathed my face .
i was a mess from spell prep , bits of green stuff and ground herbs marking me .
her high - tech efficiency went surprisingly well with my herbs and spell - crafting paraphernalia hanging over the center counter .
one tinted - glass cabinet against the interior wall held herbs , and another books .
like sweet herbs mixed with something dark and dangerous .
he wore fingers on a string around his neck and smoked strange herbs with a hollow wooden stick .
mitnal spent night after night burning strange herbs and talking to the souls of the netherworld .
my mom came over with a glass of some gross mixture of herbs that she swore kept her healthy .
i inhaled the scent of gravy and italian herb .
as i walked into the dining area to the left , italian herb blended warmly with garlic and onion , sparking a flashback of cold winters and roast dinners .
` ` i have some herbs that will help . ''
` ` i ' m not going anywhere ... where ... where ... '' the dry scent of cinnamon and coriander and number of other herbs filled my head , taking out all the volume and the ringing in my ears .
the whole room had that ' grandmother 's kitchen ' kind of feel , with a collection of herbs and spices grown fresh in the garden then hung inside over the windows or the stove , and a pot rack suspended from thick black chains over an island counter .
i bump into reeve as i ' m browsing the aisles in futile search of fresh herbs .
will - the guy in the restaurant - he 's doing amazing stuff with meats and herbs and - '' he seems to catch himself , stopping with a shy smile .
* * * inside , it was vivid and bright , with clusters of diners crowding in the small room , and the delicious scent of garlic and herbs already making her mouth water .
its contents had spilled open : dried herbs of some sort .
full of herbs ? ''
` ` as i was saying '' -cara laughs- '' i ' m going to plant lots of veggies and herbs , and i ' m sure there will be more than we can eat , so you guys are welcome to some of them too .
he leaves me to buy some fish , so i also buy fragrant herbs to go with the fish and the makings for salad .
callum did n't look happy to be disturbed but he nodded , moved them to a table and they ate their pies ( filled with salmon , cream , carrots , herbs , onions and cheese , they were to die for and likely a million calories each ) .
smaller wire shelving under the wall cabinets that gave easy access to herbs and spices .
the air was filled with the mouth - watering smell of garlic mixed with a subtle hint of fresh cut herbs and i saw big cutting boards on the worktable behind benny that had the residue of green on one , the juice and seeds of tomatoes on another .
and i stood in the curve of benny bianchi 's arm , watching his hand holding a long - handled wooden spoon , moving it through a rich , thick red sauce , with its miniscule bits of cream - colored minced garlic and dark green bits of a secret mix of fresh herbs going round and round , the goodness of it filling the air .
a man named herb will be there .
when ben caught my eyes , i said , ` ` maybe we should meet this herb guy at frank 's . ''
we 'll confirm that information with the clients , and if it jives , we 'll meet this herb guy at frank 's at one o'clock .
we 'll confirm with herb that he 's meeting you at frank 's . ''
` ` and , heads up , herb is ... '' nightingale started , paused , and went on , ` ` unusual . ''
a change in plans we discovered , from the instant we entered the restaurant , lee nightingale did n't inform herb of .
and herb brought company .
she turned narrow eyes to him and admonished , ` ` herb , do n't say ' shit . ' ''
` ` someone kill me , '' herb muttered .
` ` you 're tellin ' me , '' herb stated .
he was scowling at herb , saying , ` ` i thought lee relieved you of duty . ''
trish wanted pancakes , '' herb replied .
he then looked to herb .
` ` thank god , '' herb said , immediately pushing back his chair .
` ` we had lunch two hours ago , '' herb told her .
` ` herb , '' stark growled warningly .
` ` right , '' herb said , then looked to his wife .
` ` those guys are this guy 's guys , '' herb went on , and i looked back to see him jerking his head at sal .
herb and trish took their leave as elaine slapped menus on the table , asking , ` ` coffee ? ''
` ` herb and trish are roxie 's parents , '' stark told him .
there , she pulled out herbs , incense and oils , all the while muttering to herself .
` ` i called a friend of mine in tucson who knew some native americans who had healers amongst them who bought rare herbs from some women who they said were in a coven who knew another coven on the east coast who knew cassandra who knew the mcpherson , '' she rambled her explanation .
then , she took the phone away from her mouth and i heard her shout , ` ` herb !
how 's herb ? ''
` ` i ' m herb logan , roxie 's dad , '' he put his hand out toward hank .
` ` i'l talk herb into being liberated too .
` ` herb , relax . ''
i ' m making pancakes but herb 's got to find buttermilk so it'l take awhile .
` ` herb , keep your voice down , '' mom stage - whispered .
` ` herb , we better go now .
` ` herb , we talked about this , '' mom said .
i shouted just as mom yel ed , ` ` take that back , herb ! ''
` ` herb - '' mom started but dad 's eyes were bugging out of his head .
` ` herb - '' mom said again .
` ` herb , she is n't changin ' her dress , '' hank cut in , his deep voice low and not inviting argument .
` ` herb , '' mom said .
` ` herb , keep your voice down , '' mom whispered , also loudly .
the nightingale men , hank , eddie , malcolm , tom , roxie 's dad herb , jules 's uncle nick , wil ie and duke were at lincoln 's road house waiting for their lunch to be served .
he choked on it and his eyes slid to herb .
epilogue como quieras sadie ` ` jesus , trish , i ' m payin ' for the booze , i should be able to get drunk on it , '' herb logan , roxie 's father , snapped at his wife ( loudly ) .
shit , look at ally , she 's three sheets to the wind , '' herb returned .
` ` if she can shout ' go to hell ' in this fancy - ass ballroom then i can have another f**kin ' drink that i ' m f**kin ' payin ' for , '' herb announced and stomped to the bar .
shit , '' herb had muttered ( loudly ) .
* * * * * ` ` oh my god , herb ! ''
i took a handful of cashews ( indy 's addition to the party and part of what herb was gobbling up ) and popped a few into my mouth , watching roxie 's mom and dad ( and tex 's sister and brother - in - law ) , herb and trish - in town from indiana for the big event - fight in blanca 's backyard .
` ` you do n't eat from the bowl , herb , '' trish shot back .
` ` first , i do n't need a plate when i can stand here eatin ' , '' herb replied .
when she did , jules moved in , noting , ` ` the requisite herb and trish scene . ''
` ` are there any special herbs ?
` ` perhaps you are in good humor because miss ward snuck some herbs into your morning coffee ? ''
suspicious , isabelle promised herself that she would sniff his tea to see if there was any sort of calming herb mixed in .
and that included the ninety - seven year old indian woman who smoked that devil 's herb all hours of the night .
he then proceeded to scatter different herbs about her person and without warning announced she was healed .
my eyes scanned the labels of dozens of tiny bottles and jars of herbs and liquids in front of me ; ` ` mystic bath , '' ` ` recuperation of love life , '' ` ` luck , '' ` ` confusion . ''
she halted next to the desk , the scent of herbs and blood clinging to her .
the question continued to gnaw at him as he paced from the heavy table to the rack of drying herbs .
the kitchen was surprisingly clean and filled with the delicious aroma of fresh - baked bread and drying herbs .
for all of justin 's magic , he was still human , and it was only with a potent mixture of rare herbs that he managed to hold back his mortality .
` ` perhaps yiant will accept the damanica as a proper token and offer justin the herbs he needs .
if it was n't for her occasional cameo appearances to demand that abby prepare that disgusting herb concoction she guzzled with seeming pleasure , abby might have thought that the woman had done a flit .
at his side , abby sat in rare silence as she reluctantly swallowed the herbs he had insisted she drink .
instead she slouched in her seat , drinking her herbs and ... dante 's frown abruptly deepened .
it had been so long since selena had become the phoenix that he had forgotten the effects of the potent herbs .
` ` are you drinking selena 's herbs ? ''
` ` i think perhaps you ' ve had enough of those herbs for now . ''
on this occasion , abby was n't guzzling the potent herbs or humming in a pleasant cloud of fog .
` ` the last time you sampled the herbs , they had a rather ... potent effect on you .
they had barely crossed the threshold when the familiar scent of brewing spells , drying herbs , and darker , less palatable odors clenched at his stomach .
` ` abby will need her herbs . ''
in the distance she could feel the prickling tension of a brewing spell and could smell the herbs and nastier ingredients that lay thick in the air .
along the edge of the marble were precisely arranged black candles and dried herbs .
` ` i fear herbs have no effect on vampires . ''
hearing sounds from the back of the house , anna managed to negotiate the labyrinth of hallways to at last enter a beautiful kitchen that was filled with stainless steel appliances and pots of fresh herbs set on the window sills .
` ` one day i was collecting the herbs that sadira used in her spells of illusion when i heard her scream . ''
the magical barrier muted the outside world , but suddenly she was aware of the distant sounds of shouts and an unfamiliar smell of tangy herbs that blended with the fruity scent of fey .
he sniffed the air , picking up the earthy scent of fresh herbs .
a potent scent of herbs filled the air as the blood of the fey soaked into the mossy ground , but tane did n't pause to admire the gory victory .
the scent of herbs carried on the breeze , and something much worse .
after that ... any fuzzy plans beginning to stew in the back of her mind were forgotten as the unmistakable scent of fresh herbs mixed with the thick dust in the air .
` ` he lives , '' tane concluded , picking up the faint hint of herbs .
ariyal swore , the aroma of herbs so strong it overwhelmed every other scent .
` ` what do you ... '' her words came to an abrupt end as she caught the scent of herbs .
` ` you know nothing , '' the sylvermyst was accusing ariyal , his scent of herbs edged with the putrid taint of madness .
or perhaps it had been from the moment she 'd caught his rich , earthy scent that was a combination of herbs and pure male power .
he might have passed for human if not for the metallic shimmer to the sterling silver eyes , and thick scent of herbs that clung to his tattered robe , which blended into the green bushes behind him .
she could smell the distinct scent of herbs that revealed they were sylvermysts and the hormones that marked them as male .
pretending that the earthy scent of herbs was n't teasing at her senses and that the hard , male body was n't cloaking her in welcome warmth , she pressed her hands against his chest .
the potent scent of herbs filled the air even as his finger stroked over the sweet spot of her pleasure .
a breeze stirred the air , bringing with it the rich scent of herbs .
the scent of herbs filled the air as his power seared over her skin , but it was n't fear that shivered down her spine .
the scent of sylvermyst thickened , but instead of following the rich aroma of herbs , he darted into a narrow cave directly above them .
but it was the rich scent of herbs filling the air that made her fangs throb with need .
she trembled as the mists brushed her bare skin , bringing with it the scent of herbs .
suddenly she was filled with his essence , the scent of warm herbs almost tangible in the air .
elwin 's anger tinted the air with a warm scent of herbs , but it was no match for the brutal chill of styx 's power .
she returned her head to his chest , savoring the scent of herbs .
the open rafters were lined with bronze pans and bundles of dried herbs .
soon she had a small chalice filled with dried herbs and strange ingredients .
there was a narrow bed shoved against a far wall and an open cabinet that held row after row of ceramic pots filled with potions , dried herbs , and copper pans for mixing spells .
her first destination was the kitchen where the smell of herbs mixed with her intoxicating peach scent that seemed to grow more vibrant and complex with every beat of her heart .
good herbs , not bad on the sauce .
the eridu aliens had a special herb that calmed the nerves and supposedly made people happy .
i turned back around quickly and went to check on my herb roasted potatoes .
how 's about steak , herb - roasted potatoes and a big salad ? ''
taking a narrow path that led through the herb garden , he crossed over to the main house , where he saw a similar decorating theme .
she knew herb scarborough , the manager , from sitting next to him and his wife so often at church .
` ` what does herb have to do with anything ? ''
` ` herb parked back in the trees and watched don burn some papers .
when herb saw what they were , he brought them to me . ''
about bubba while he shut down the computer and shoved the dildo , the lotion , the chinese herbs , the garrote and the bikini underwear he sometimes wore under the bed .
` ` why do n't you take these to your folks , '' grace said and gave him a jar of peaches , a jar of pickles , tomato sauce and some carrots and fresh herbs from her garden .
` ` cain 's own blend of herbs brewed into a tea . ''
thrusting one hand into a fold of her brown , sacklike dress , she withdrew a sachet filled with her special blend of herbs .
only a slice of kitchen could be seen from their vantage point , but it showed the small indoor garden where she grew herbs and wheat grass .
copper pots hung on hooks above an island , a wheat grinder was affixed to the counter , and a string of garlic hung from the ceiling along with baskets of fresh herbs and vegetables .
while the nymphs watch over him , i gather enough water , herbs and berries to keep him fed for a while - or at least i hope it 'll be enough .
flowers and herbs hung from the rafters , creating a dizzying scent , and everything was handcrafted , as if she 'd hired mortals to build it for her .
herbs hang from the ceiling , their sharp , peppery , sweet scents assailing my senses .
i wonder as i begin spooning the herbs and mud into the linen cloths i have prepared .
i can feel his eyes upon me , assessing , weighing , but i concentrate very carefully on folding the square of soft linen around the boiled herbs .
i make another small fire in the hearth and set the mud and herbs for another poultice to boiling .
when the mixture is nearly hot enough to blister skin , i fill a linen square with the mud and herbs , wrapping it as quickly as possible so the heat does not escape , nearly burning my fingers in the process .
hopefully they will have medical supplies as well , for my own stores of healing herbs are running dangerously low .
and best of all , by the time we come in sight of the city walls , beast is better , whether due to all the rest or to the herbs malina provided , i am not sure .
my boots crush the plants , releasing the pungent odor of herbs - the ones the sisters of brigantia use for the famous healing potions and tinctures .
sister serafina looks up from the herbs she is chopping and frowns at me .
she dumps the handful of herbs she has chopped into the kettle of boiling water .
she shoves the empty metal basin at me , then picks up a tray covered with small pots of salves and piles of herbs .
the smells of a sickroom hang thick in the air : pungent herbs , a full chamber pot , old fevered sweat .
still silent , she takes the herbs and dumps them into the kettle and begins to stir .
i slept on a cot next to hers ; spooned rich broth through her thin , wrinkled lips ; sponged her fevered brow with cool water mixed with herbs ; and applied poultices to her shriveled chest with my own hands , desperate to chase the fever from her lungs .
drying herbs hung from the ceiling , so low the lady had to duck in places .
it is clean and smells of pungent herbs .
he glanced up in surprise , his hands still dripping from extracting the next herb .
the woman tasted of fresh herbs , and her lips were soft , but he wanted nothing more than to shove her off him and beat the shit out of her insane lover .
in the moonlight , it was beautiful : solar lamps by the fence , a potted herb garden , hanging baskets of flowers and wicker furniture padded with striped cushions .
she allows me to comfort her all of a second and then pushes away to grab another bag which she fills with an herb that even i can correctly identify as cilantro .
aunt rachel and i go to the ruins all the time to pick fresh herbs for the dining hall kitchen .
the scent of freshness and a variety of herbs , all mixed up .
the gentle , soothing aroma of the herbs in the strainer wafted upward .
the scent of smoke laced with a strong , acrid - sweet herb drifted around her .
the air near the floor smelled strongly of herbs but the vapors were not as thick as they were a few inches higher .
` ` you look real nice , gloria , '' herb said .
` ` hell , yes , '' herb said .
` ` nope , '' herb said .
` ` i know , '' herb said .
` ` damn it , i deserve to have my name on the advice column , '' herb said .
they oughta be writing to ' ask herb . '
` ` good night , herb . ''
` ` you know , i think herb is kind of sweet on you , grandma . ''
call me back as soon as you can after you talk to herb , okay ? ''
` ` while you 're asking herb about my friend 's problem could you ask him one other quick little question ? ''
i 'll go talk to herb and then call you back . ''
gloria looked expectantly at herb .
` ` feed 'em , '' herb said .
` ` what did you say , herb ? ''
` ` herb says to cook a nice meal for the gentlemen in question . ''
` ` look , you came to an expert for advice , '' herb said .
` ` herb says the old adage about the way to a man 's heart being through his stomach is still valid . ''
gloria looked inquiringly at herb .
` ` pie , '' herb said .
gloria scowled at herb .
` ` never mind , '' herb said enigmatically .
gloria put her hand over the mouthpiece and looked at herb .
` ` no problem with your potato salad , '' herb said .
` ` herb says your friend who served the leftovers is still in the running , thanks to my potato salad . ''
thank herb for us , gloria . ''
she beamed at herb .
i 'll call you back from herb 's . ''
` ` that 's easy , '' herb said .
` ` time and place for everything , '' herb said .
gloria relayed the question to herb .
` ` tell her to go with the green , '' herb said .
and thank herb , too . ''
` ` i ' m serious , too , '' herb said .
leonora consulted her grandmother , who checked with herb , who writes an advice column . ''
` ` herb chose the lasagna and the apple pie and this dress . ''
she glanced at herb .
` ` about our deal , '' herb said sometime later .
` ` something i wanted to give you before we pick up your grandmother and herb at the airport tomorrow , '' thomas said .
` ` do you stock herbs ? ''
his feet drummed the carpet , breaking the herbs and fledgling ferns .
there was also a supply of dried herbs and chiles and some french lentils .
` ` i work a little with herbs and crystals , that 's about all , '' oliver crump said quietly .
but when verity drew him out with a discussion of cooking and medicinal herbs , he proved very knowledgeable .
crump 's not interested in anything except his damn herbs and crystals . ''
one of them is a very nice man who 's studying herbs and crystal healing techniques , and one of them believes sufficiently in his own psychic powers that he once paid to have himself tested . ''
there was another scent mingled with the sweet herbs .
richard smelled the pungent aroma of the mire 's herbs mixing with the stench of stagnant water .
her hair was teased into a fluffy gray mess and liberally decorated with charms , twigs , and dry herbs .
bundles of herbs hung drying from the rafters , spicing the air with bitter fragrance .
the scents of a dozen herbs mixed into an earthy , slightly bitter spice in the air .
they looked through their books and diaries , and cast their spells , and burned their herbs .
he pulled a small piece of paper from the pouch , sprinkled herbs on it , rolled it like a cigarette , and set the end on fire .
he made a terrible creaky sound like an unoiled door , and declan thrust the burning herbs under his nose .
he set it at the starting point of the star , dumped some charcoal into it , and brought over the large metal bowl filled with powdered herbs .
he threw a handful of herbs into the fire .
the greedy flames pounced on the herbs , sending aromatic smoke into the air .
she emptied one of the herb pouches she carried in her pockets and gently scooped some of the powder into it .
rose collected the twigs and herbs while declan stood guard over her , and she had to restrain herself to keep from smacking him to get the grim expression off his face .
the perfume of countless flowers and herbs floated in the air , mixing with animal scents .
her face wore a deadly serious expression as she bargained for a bunch of herbs with a vendor .
an ancient ritual of haggling proceeded merrily along , both parties having entirely too much fun for their own good , until finally she walked away from the booth , her bundle of herbs deposited into a small expandable satchel .
a mess of minced herbs lay on the cutting board before her .
she lifted the lid off the pot , releasing a cloud of aromatic flavor into the kitchen , and scraped the herbs into the soup .
if there were any hidden odors under that amalgam of herbs and resins , i could n't find them .
i inhaled the spicy scent of forest herbs , the musk of a raccoon , and the slightly bitter scent of opossum .
` ` like herb dust ? ''
stalls and tables lined the front of the shops , offering dried ox penises , tanks containing geoduck mollusks , deer antlers , bundles of dried herbs .
dried herbs , in bundles and packets .
there are meditations , certain herbs you steep together to drink ... but none of that matters now , does it ? ''
quentin 's stepmother unceremoniously plopped an enormous pile of wet herbs on the counter in front of him .
sarah leaned closer , inhaling the spice of the herbs and watching his poker face .
he scooped up the herbs and threw them into two bowls at the back of the counter .
every herb and spice had been picked at the peak of freshness and properly dried ; each ingredient , both liquid and dry , had been painstakingly measured to make sure they were exact .
she had assured kristine of an easy delivery , claiming that there were herbs to ease the pangs of birth and bring the child speedily into the world .
kristine did n't know if the witch spoke the truth , but if so , why had the herbs not worked on dominique ?
he also noted several clay jars filled with water ; others held herbs and dried meat .
returning to the house , she went to her work area , where she kept her mortar and pestle , and began grinding the leaves of rosemary and lavender into a bowl , along with a handful of herbs .
another shelf held small pots of herbs .
a handful of herbs , a dash of hemlock . ''
they were all full of magic ready to go : herbs and other ingredients .
octavia reached in her pocket and pulled out a pill container filled with what looked like marijuana ; but i guess any dried herb pretty much looks the same , and i have n't ever actually handled marijuana , so i ' m no judge .
amelia 's face was a picture as she watched octavia casting a spell , which seemed to consist of some latin , a few motions , and the aforementioned herb .
while the witches cleaned up the living room with the windows open - though it was a chilly night , i wanted to get rid of the lingering smell of the herbs - i sprawled on my bed with a book .
` ` i could go for a hit of herb . ''
chapter 6 terreille the ground felt soft and smelled lightly of herbs .
what about a worktable and storage cupboards for tonics and brews and dried herbs ?
she 'd found herbs growing wild among the weeds and suspected there had been an herb bed and a kitchen garden on this side of the eyrie .
a few vegetables , a few herbs .
` ` some herbs .
` ` rub it gently with herbs to season it and bring out the flavor . ''
as he suffered the sting of warm water and cleansing herbs while the escort washed his back and belly , he wondered if grizelle had known what kind of torment this would be or if she simply did n't care how long he 'd been without water .
shaking her head , thera picked up the kettle heating on the stove , dropped a gauze herb bag into two mugs , and filled them with hot water .
picking up a spoon , she poked at the herb bags .
thera lifted the herb bags out of the mugs , set them in a small bowl , and picked up the mugs .
spiders and other insects were to be expected in a little wooden structure that enclosed a hole in the ground , although the herb bags that were hung in the corners not only freshened the air but seemed to discourage crawling company .
there was n't anything he could do for the gray lady without knowing what was wrong with her , but if she allowed him to look through her healing herbs , he knew several brews that would help ease thera 's discomfort .
he watched her dab an herb paste over the wound .
daemon poured a jar of dried herbs into the mortar .
they 'd worked for hours , applying herb poultices to draw the venom , draining the pus and fluid that daemon had explained were the result of the healing craft lia had used .
the golden - haired woman grinding herbs with a mortar and pestle did n't turn around , did n't indicate in any way that she knew someone was there .
` ` a minute or so wo n't make any difference to a greeting that 's waited for thirteen years , '' jaenelle replied , pouring the finely ground herbs into the bowl 's bubbling contents .
since she liked it that much , it was tempting to refuse so that he would be the only one who could make it for her , but he quickly realized that the time spent with her over a table full of herbs would serve him far better .
hell 's fire , had some of the herbs gotten moldy or gone bad somehow ?
setting the jewels into the washbasin , he poured water over them , added some astringent herbs for cleansing , then let them soak .
he noticed the bags of herbs laid out on the wooden table next to the double sink and looked at her curiously .
her naked relief was too much for him , so he began inspecting the bags of herbs .
looking properly sympathetic and murmuring agreement that the lady could be a bit snarly about mixing up healing brews , mari pointed out the herbs she intended to use and told him the blends she wanted .
` ` i was at this end of the village , delivering some of gran 's herb medicines .
when combined with water , the powdered herbs cleansed wounds , numbed pain , and allowed the healing process to begin - he could keep his mind fixed enough , andif he could withdraw far enough into himself to gather the power , the craft he would need to heal the torn flesh .
the powdered herbs and broken glass vanished .
bundles of herbs hung to dry in the kitchen .
this one was from another wicker park joint , the kind that made artisanal pizza with goat cheese and organic herbs .
scents of old paper and herbs - rosemary and thyme - filed the air , along with the damp scent of earth .
the place smelled witchy - the scents of dust and paper mixed with the bright fragrance of dried plants and herbs .
there were herbs and magic in the mix from the us and the uk , but she could n't tell us any more .
perhaps its relaxing herbs and heat would be the remedy i needed to rest tonight .
the perfect herb to add to the crust on the lamb popped into my head and i hurried to jot it down .
i thought in cups and spoons , in chocolate and herbs .
` ` you smell like herbs , like something i 'd put in a soup to give it a strong edge .
his scent followed , suffusing the air with strong herbs and what she 'd come to know as adrien .
maybe she did n't understand why eve 's theater had affected him like this , taking him to the edge so fast , but the scent he exuded , so masculine and full of erotic herbs , had given her a new idea .
` ` my god , your blood tastes the way you smell , like sweet herbs .
you smell like sweet herbs .
you taste of the sweetest herbs , claire , though i think i said that before .
he loved the sweet herb smell of her and drifted a line of kisses up her cheek until he teased her ear with his tongue .
she breathed in , taking a lung - expanding breath , drawing in the sweet , yet bitter and very male tendrils of herbs and fir resin .
maybe she took some really nasty chinese herbs .
chinese herbs of some sort .
rith took a lot of chinese herbs .
` ` herbs from the kitchen , maybe . ''
a waiting spit had been erected , a pot in which beans , onions and savory herbs cooked .
she took a sip and a flavor of herbs , honey , and something she could n't quite identify , rolled over her tongue .
* * * * * * * * * at four - thirty in the afternoon , samantha sat in ethan 's conservatory and dined on some of the finest food she 'd ever eaten , made savory by the herbs grown in the mastyr 's kitchen garden .
you taste of the sweetest herbs .
` ` where are the herbs he bathes in ? ''
` ` herbs , mistress ? ''
the grand opening had already been announced in the merhaine star and the mayor of hollow tree would be on hand to sprinkle the ceremonial herbs .
martha , one of our house slaves , has been kind enough to procure for me a local herb that is said to ease the ailment i suffer from .
she took medicinal herbs , way too many , ten times more than the house slave told her to take , which convinced me it was intentional .
chapter four felix watched camille stroll around his shop in her smart fashionable gown , her hands stroking across the fronts of glass jars containing herbs .
it was an odd mix , the baskets of inexpensive items on tables up front , the back dedicated to the altars , candles , expensive dolls , and a built - in case of herbs .
the herbs smelled pungent , the candles sweet , the altars comforting and beautiful , with all their various offerings of money , perfume , honey , cinnamon , lipstick , depending on the god or goddess , tumbling in front of them .
bree was burning some smelly herb all around the parlor .
the exotic scent of mediterranean herbs and flowers- livia 's perfume- lingered so tangibly he could almost swear it clung to his clothes the way she clung to his memory .
women lived with this for centuries without any more medical help than herbs and a warmed brick . ''
onions , garlic , herbs , chicken broth , a whole lot of other things that i could n't remember .
this close , he could smell the sweet herbs she 'd used when she washed her hair .
she sniffed it and identified the odors of herbs and honey .
there are so many natural oils and herbs and flowers that can be used for all sorts of uses while also creating great fragrances .
his people used herbs and smoke and spirits , not rock and mineral .
i have beds of herbs and healing plants as well . ''
gary set a bowl of rich , dark soil on the floor beside the bed , and gabrielle dumped various herbs into a second bowl .
gabrielle , mix the herbs together in the bowl .
the soothing aroma from the herbs and candles mixed with the sounds of chanting in his mind as other voices far away joined in the age - old healing chant .
gary kept the room clean and smelling of the soothing aromas from the herbs and candles .
our healing energies , ancient words of magic and healing herbs bless my brother 's body , keep it alive . ''
the elements were removing themselves at her command and the pain was lessened with the herbs .
i caught a whiff of incense , a powerful combination of herbs that are used to send a spirit along on his journey .
a crush of pepper , garlic , and herbs arrested his senses as the aroma of the beef met his nose .
the mixture of herbs would only work if the recipient cared for the giver .
when her morning ritual was complete and the coffee in her cup hit bottom , she moved to her supply closet and hand - packed and mixed the herbs for her orders .
she gathered several herbs and moved into her kitchen .
he pushed the milk aside , dug through some of her containers of chilled herbs , and removed the creamer .
the herbs tossed into the pyre billowed in dark smoke and filled her lungs then her head .
before tatiana could find her balance and seek herbs to relieve her pain , the witch spoke again .
lora looked over the books on healing herbs and medicine made from them .
she turned and added herbs to the tea simmering on the fire .
these herbs kept her minions ' minds bound to her .
gwen removed what looked to be a packet of herbs and mixed them with the water .
you could market those herbs and be rich , gwen . ''
my family , my great - great - great grandfather , was consumed with creating the perfect hallucinogen , the perfect concoction of poisonous herbs and plants that would turn the minaldi men into beasts ; beasts that would be eaten alive by their own guilt at actions that they could n't control .
crossing the room to stand at my side , she laid dried herbs around branwyn , forming a protective circle .
each one offered her something , a trinket , a ring , a smattering of herbs .
it smelled fresh and sharp and like some pungent herb .
there were no plants , no food seasoned with the herb .
it was a necklace made from some herb , fortified by a gold chain so that it would n't break .
it was an herb melange that caused a heightened sense of pleasure and relaxation in a dracule .
i need some ... '' i search my memory for the herbs mentioned in the article .
` ` i do n't mess with any crazy witches '' -she leaned forward- '' but i do know how to mix some herbs for a little protection . ''
he 'd blocked his scent with herbs a few times when he did n't want the coyotes to know that he was hunting .
` ` i ' ve been around the boys , i never noticed- '' ` ` you said he might have been taking herbs to hide his scent . ''
even used some herbs himself once on a case .
they also know forest herbs and medicines much like your american indian shaman do .
` ` tell him to take one small piece of this herb and chew on it after eating .
she calmed down soon enough and released me , going back to her car and reaching into her backseat - pulling out two armloads of groceries that no doubt included the special mix of meats and herbs that somehow magically turned into her famous meatloaf .
one of our green elves was , and i think you will find they have a particularly supernatural skill when it comes to the manipulation of herbs and spices .
i 'd found a long loaf of bread , sliced it lengthwise , buttered it and sprinkled it with herbs .
the wine is formed from the darkberries grown here , with a few other herbs added .
` ` rad , this is my decision and it was long overdue , '' i said , pouring a bit of oil into a skillet and dredging the fish in the flour , herb and spice mixture before laying it gently in the heated pan to cook .
they had the lightest , flakiest crust surrounding the salmon with just a bit of butter , onion , herbs and creamy sauce .
i walked over to mr . greg kneeling down in the herb garden , mumbling to himself .
after i finished weeding the herbs and taking ms . mary the rosemary and dill weed , i was given the job of picking up any debris that may have blown in overnight .
a natural crush of herbs mixed with a short - term enchantment , it had the power to knock a jinn unconscious .
the satin pouch she 'd conjured from michael 's herb stores was a comforting weight in her hand , but the use of magic had drawn beau 's attention .
dried herbs hung from the ceiling , but aside from those and the picked over bones of some small animal on the table , she saw no other signs of supplies .
course after course of succulent finger foods came , and we were eating olives stuffed with herbs when dorian said , ` ` i have another surprise for you . ''
from among ms . terwilliger 's supplies , i found a small pouch of bitter - smelling herbs .
` ` especially one herb in particular , '' i added .
the rest of the bag contained what i recognized as standard spell components : herbs , crystals , powders .
maude , separate from the circle , then used the same herbs and incantations that had freed eddie at wolfe 's compound .
believe it or not , he used to work in computers before ' retiring ' to the herb business .
more than fifty herbs and barks went into it , along with the mixed waters of sacred rivers .
it tasted of spice and herbs and burned going down and she felt it spreading through her in a way that made her aware of her moving blood and all its pathways .
they drank a daily dose of tea that mab mixed from herbs , and that was the extent of their medicine .
she taught her to dance , embroider , play the kamanchay , and mix herbs into a tea that would keep her always healthy .
` ` she would sneak illegal herbs and powders from the apothecary to help malfettos hide their markings , '' he goes on .
he could swear that sometimes he woke with the smell of her on him , musky and rich , pricked with the sharp , fresh scents of leaves and green herbs .
morrison made the small amused noise that passed for a belly laugh with him , and went to gather up the bits of ointment and the few herbs he had for medicines .
i had bought herbs here , during the brief time i had lived in edinburgh .
` ` sweet herbs , '' she explained to me .
the man behind the counter was haugh , but a much younger haugh than the middle - aged man i had dealt with twenty years before , when i had patronized this shop for tidbits of military intelligence , as well as for nostrums and herbs .
the younger haugh did not know me , of course , but went courteously about the business of finding the herbs i wanted , among the neatly ranged jars on his shelves .
i hesitated , looking at them , running over in my mind the possible uses of those herbs .
cardiac herbs , all of them .
most of the herbs i 'd bought had been wrapped up in squares of gauze or twisted in screws of paper , but the young mr . haugh nodded and carried the jar of aconite into the back room , held at arm 's length , as though he expected it to explode in his face .
her fingers were cool ; her hands smelled of herbs and red - currant jam , and the faint hint of ammonia and lanolin from the dyed wool she was knitting .
tomorrow i 'll take ye over the manifests and orders , and your wife can find her bits of herbs . ''
for my part , i spent the days in exploring the ship , attending to such small medical emergencies as arose from the daily business of sailing - a smashed finger , a cracked rib , bleeding gums and an abscessed tooth - and pounding herbs and making medicines in a corner of the galley , allowed to work there by murphy 's grace .
having inquired as to the normal fare aboard ship , i had taken the precaution of stowing - along with my surgeon 's cask of lime juice and the collection of medicinal herbs - three hundred pounds of dried peas and a similar quantity of oatmeal , intending that this should be used to supplement the seamen 's normal diet .
while listening to this outpouring of woe , i had been selecting assorted herbs from my box - anise and angelica , two large pinches of horehound , and a few sprigs of peppermint .
i had a flint and steel , and with these he succeeded in kindling a spark to ignite the dried herb .
this he packed full of a strong - smelling herb shaken out of a paper twist , and proceeded to smoke .
i have heard it is so , but the herb is unobtainable in most european cities , and i have no firsthand observations of its effect . ''
bunches of drying herbs hung from hooks overhead and lay on gauze - covered drying racks along the inner wall .
i inhaled deeply , and did seem to find a faint , unfamiliar scent among the smell of dried herbs .
the tang of some herb rose up the back of my throat and into my nose ; something had been mixed with the liquor , or soaked in it .
i was n't drunk , i knew ; whatever herb had been mixed with the rum was potent .
most of my herbs and compounded medications had perished in the flames , along with the earthenware jars , the glass vials , the large bowls in which i incubated penicillin broth , and my surgical saws .
the herbs , of course , had gone up in smoke , along with the rest of my surgery .
among hanks of thread , twists of paper containing seeds or dried herbs , needles stuck through bits of leather , a small jar full of sutures , a woodpecker 's black - and - white - spotted feather , a chunk of white chalk , and half a biscuit , which i had evidently been interrupted while eating , i did in fact discover a grubby half - shilling , covered in lint and biscuit crumbs .
wilmington also was substantially larger and still boasted a thriving market in the town square , where i spent a pleasant hour collecting herbs and picking up local gossip , before acquiring a cheese roll for my lunch , whereupon i wandered down to the harbor to eat it .
i had no herbs , no needles , no sutures , no bandages , no instruments - i was for the moment completely without any practical medicine at all , save boiling water and what skill might be contained in my two hands .
in one of hannah arnold 's chests , though , i found treasure : a small collection of dried herbs in jars - including one of powdered gum arabic .
the herbs were interesting and useful in themselves , being plainly imported : cinchona bark - i must try to send that back to north carolina for lizzie , if we ever got off this horrible tub - mandrake , and ginger , things that never grew in the colonies .
while waiting for the kettle to boil , murray had waded into the water and pulled several handsful of some strong - smelling herb that grew on the verge .
a small stock of the most useful herbs for tincture and compress : lavender , comfrey , peppermint , mustard seed .
there was in fact a small keg of this valuable substance hidden under the table at the moment , along with a larger keg of my raw medicinal alcohol - and the smell of the latter was strong in the air , as i was steeping herbs in it .
it was divided into small compartments and contained a remarkable assortment of things : lace edging , silk ribbon , a pair of tortoiseshell hair combs , a small bag of salt , a pepperbox , an enameled snuffbox , a pewter brooch in the shape of a lily , several bright hanks of embroidery silk , a bundle of cinnamon sticks , and a number of small jars filled apparently with herbs .
it was with these perched proudly on my nose and a bag containing a selection of the best of the herbs and medicines available from haugh 's apothecary that i returned to howard 's hotel at teatime , with a rare appetite .
beside it were the gauze bags of dried herbs i had bought during the morning , the fresh bottles of the tinctures i had brewed in the afternoon , much to mrs . figg 's displeasure at having her kitchen 's purity so perverted .
the first cup of joint - fir tea helped briefly , the heat and moisture doing as much as the herb ; joint fir did contain epinephrine and was the only really good treatment for asthma i had available - but there was n't enough of the active principle in a cup of the stuff after only ten minutes ' brewing .
jenny had sent my medicine chest from chestnut street and with it the large parcel of herbs from kingsessing , which had been delivered there the night before .
also a jug of sweet oil for burns , my medicine chest , and bundles of raw herbs , large jars of prepared ointment , and dozens of small bottles and vials of tinctures and infusions .
his shoulder was bound up with a poultice of some kind ; it smelled tangy and familiar , but his hazy mind was a long way yet from allowing him to think of the name of the herb .
i got back to the shippens ' house and collected my things , then returned to the printshop to eat lunch and pack up the rest of my herbs and medicines ; fergus and germain would bring them to chestnut street on their afternoon delivery round .
the upshot of this conversation - and many like it - was that i made an arrangement to help with the keeping of the kitchen garden in return for a share of ` ` sass '' ( as mrs . landrum puzzlingly referred to green stuff like kale and turnips ) , beans , and dried corn , as well as a small plot where i could cultivate medicinal herbs .
we had been in savannah for a few weeks when mrs . landrum came up to our room one afternoon and inquired as to whether i might know anything regarding cures for the toothache , she knowing that i had a way with herbs ?
luckily , i had a small supply of jesuit bark among the selection of herbs and medicines i 'd brought with me .
i 'd had occasion to make small purchases of herbs from him before , and we got on well .
i eyed him consideringly ; some men would be quite capable of refusing to sell a woman something they thought inappropriate or dangerous , but mr . jameson seemed a worldly sort - and he did at least know that i knew the use of medicinal herbs .
the small surgery was cold and dark , smelling of herbs and medicines and old blood .
i mean , he just slings some herb .
it had seemed such a brief journey the previous evening , speeded by the scent of the wild herbs , the cool breezes of dusk .
he waited , and when the pause grew uncomfortably long , i added , ' it 's sausage - meat , some vegetables and herbs , wrapped in cabbage leaves and poached in stock . '
the spider is seated in the drawing room , smoking on a herb pipe .
she broods upon these questions all that evening and long into the night , smoking her herbs , allowing her mind to flow where it chooses .
pantamon , said orio felicimo nice , sipping herb juice through a straw and staring at me , blank as a drugged fish .
the old man would either be busy making the meals , grinding herbs , or locked behind the door that lead to the cellar .
he returned to the book he was copying and fed his brain once more on the black inked drawings , remembering each bit as he wrote , sometimes turning to the small collection of bottles and herbs on his desk to test a recipe .
hanalenes bundle included a wooden comb and a small vial of smellgoods made from herbs in her garden .
unlike everyone else he had to deal with today , he drank tea , herb tea at that , with honey .
coffee , one herb tea and dessert were ordered from room service .
you really ought to switch to herb tea , by the way .
so for now he d just brew his tea , tend his herb garden , and wait for the news from boffin syznic .
if you do nt know the true basis of magic , there s a placebo benefit to thinking that each phrase , movement , or herb has specific power or meaningbut they really do nt .
i smelled the lemon and herb scent of her shampoo .
michael caught the smell of roasted vegetables with herbs and a type of meat he could nt identify .
are those herbs ?
we start with freshly squeezed orange juice , then have bacon and eggs with beans , garnished with a sprig of parsley from my herb garden and lashings of black pepper , ground chunky .
the air is fragrant with the scent of jasmine and summer herbs .
i cook the fish , baking it in foil with sliced peppers , lemons and herbs , and serve it up with yummy new potatoes from freud 's garden .
she did n't even question how her life led her to this and why of all the paths in existence her footsteps took her full circle to the herb fragrant kitchen of her childhood , as if she walked on the thin wire of a helix and ended up in the same spot but one level up .
she also realized that for the other people participating in the mission she too was sarah with the anaerobic bacterial cultures , for them the angel hair child that hid in the doorway leading from the kitchen to the herb garden and listened to the nuns talk about their day never existed .
she knelt on the soft brick dust facing one of the suns , closed her eyes and started going over beautiful images in her mind , memories from her childhood , sounds of her brothers giggling and chasing each other around the tree with the tree house in it , herself as a little girl hiding in the doorway between the kitchen and the herb garden at the monastery listening in to the nuns ' conversations , her grandparents house with the famous touch table , the transparent rose .
bunches of herbs were hanging from the rafters , exuding aromas from pungent to heavenly amidst glass jars , marble mortars and pestles , glassware and wooden bins .
she loved working with herbs , it reminded her of her childhood , the scents , the colors , the peaceful surroundings and the ever present cats .
this was happening because her herb scented shed had the highest density of fragrant cats per square foot and all but guaranteed a sighting .
the room decor changed to sarah 's herb drying shed .
they do have an herb , as we call it , something like oregano , which they use .
the sileans prided themselves for the smoothness and strength of the herb that went into their sticks , which made them a valuable and cherished commodity to the rigorians , who used them in many of their religious ceremoniesor so they claimed .
she knew all the herbs and potions that healed the body and the prayers to heal the soul .
no amount of grana , or any of the healers drugs or herbs , could stop it .
the feathers of the onyx bird , medicinal herbs and potions , shells and dried fish from the sea people and much , much more .
there were shops with cooking utensils and exotic herbs to make soups and improve the taste of rimar meat .
some boiled herbs , the loving care of the touch - tenders and some grana , soon got him back on his feet .
balbar fruit and herbs were other available commodities but like all things in the city , the space used for food production had to be fully utilized .
space mapping space mappers once labelled it one of 11 planets containing wriggly , walky , breathy things in the hopeless , undeveloped but reasonably entertaining to look at from a safe distance sun system of the 38 planets in the 59 sunned district of herb , and with that dismissive but wholly accurate generalization , they went on to map , in much more detail , several of the more illustrious and glorious areas of the many universes they happened to be mapping at the time .
quiggs are ( or more appropriately , were ) the cleanest creatures living on one of 11 planets containing wriggly , walky , breathy things in the hopeless , undeveloped but reasonably entertaining to look at from a safe distance sun system of the 38 planets in the 59 sunned district of herb .
klaxworms exist solely on one of 11 planets containing wriggly , walky , breathy things in the hopeless , undeveloped but reasonably entertaining to look at from a safe distance sun system of the 38 planets in the 59 sunned district of herb .
through his constant reading and research of seemingly infinite sources of information , he had come to the conclusion that there was a planet buried deep in the 59 sunned district of herb where greegs were the dominant species .
did nt you say this greeg planet was supposed to be somewhere in the 59 sunned district of herb ?
there s a passing reference here of a planet in the 59 sunned district of herb that has what they call an unexpected creature for its dominant species .
it puts us in the sunned district of herb .
the other half i gave to a fellow named herb .
sure , whatever , said herb , not even looking up from his rake .
that was herb for you , nothing phased the guy .
seeing a chance for escape , my pal herb rallied the approximately 1 % of the population still capable of critical thinking and they hopped aboard the planet of mars , thoroughly disgusted with the direction the rest of the species was taking .
we know what happened to him , and what became of herbs utopian society on mars .
it even had the faint remnants of an earthy herb smell , just a bit .
several native women ran over as well , carrying what i hoped were some kind of healing herbs or medicine or something .
i had been driven mad by the revelation about my father and had killed each one of my husbands in turn using an undetectable poison procured through my knowledge of herbs and botany .
then add some grated cheese of choice , spoon the polenta into a bowl , sprinkle with your favorite herb , and serve a glass of spicy zinfandel .
over one shoulder he wore what looked like a messenger bag , but pird knew that messengers typically did nt carry a selection of herbs and potions appropriate to a healer .
it had all his vials , bottles , herbs , bandages , everything .
more carried dishes of vegetables or huge hollowed out bowls and gourds , full of salads soaked in a range of herb sauces or oils .
the conversation ranged over where they all hoped to travel and where the scholar and his son had roamed , queeb especially interested in being told of the herbs , spices and medicinal remedies schol claimed he traded .
she felt blood rush to her face and bent her head over the herbs she 'd gathered and sorted for drying .
` ` sorting herbs , '' she murmured , though she 'd no idea what pile was which and did n't really care .
while the leaves were nt useful for much more than easing a heat rash , georgianna had given them to the young girl to practise making paste out of the herbs that could be collected .
she tested a number of spices and herbs , sprinkling them over the stew in turn .
i was hoping to get some herbs from you .
pulling open the strings , she tipped out the coins and counted them out , swapping them with liliah for the packets of herbs , one much larger than the rest , the hyliha .
liliah waved georgianna off before returning to her packets of herb powders , leaving georgianna to wander through the camps , checking to see if anyone needed any treatment as she made her way back into the city .
he was right : it was small , no bigger than one of the packets of herbs liliah had given her .
should she want to , she could keep it in her bag with the herb packets .
smells of apple blossoms and herbs overpowered the demon stench .
modern medicines we use , but sparingly , for we use herbs and good foods and exercise much more than the outside world does .
i fortified myself with a cup of hot blackberry herb tea , sweetened with honey .
peter studied the old mans collection , then gasped in alarm one shelf was lined with betel - nut and silver clove , among other herbs .
the soup was little more than oily meat and a few herbs , but they slurped it up and scraped the cauldron clean within minutes .
the centerpiece was a rich - smelling roasted pig with a glazed head and milky eyeballs , the innards replaced with spiced sugar - corn , raw cinnamon - powdered apples , and thick noodles laced with green herbs and stuffed with dripping yellow and red cheeses .
she was bathing in milk and , from the scent , eleven different herbs , spices and unguents that would not cause the milk to curdle .
he pulled out a single unit of paper - wrapped herb .
one of them lit an herb cigarette , and the pungent aroma soon wafted into the kitchen .
he filled it with herb , lit the contents , and inhaled .
they were open air storage bins with everything neil could imagine hung on them ; there were clothes , pots and pans , dried herbs , ropes , sacks , tools , parts of old machinery , and a thousand other items he could n't identify .
its better than dying a long slow death , zac poured some hot water over herbs in his cup to make tea and did not look at them .
they continued to talk in the warm kitchen filled with the rich smells of the fire in the stove and the bundles of hanging herbs zac had collected .
the scent of mint from zacs herb tea mix filled the kitchen and the warmth of the woodstove were things dolores was aware she missed or perhaps she had always missed them .
he made some herb tea as dolores and zac continued to talk .
` ` yes , the block has decided to grow herbs and aromatics for medicine or soaps , luxuries .
as louis closed one eye , molly grabbed a few handfuls of spices and herbs ; she carefully began to throw them into the simmering water surrounding louis .
` ` boy that rabbit stew sure smells great molly , those herbs and spices smell like they are all around me , it 's really right under my nose ... yeah ... my ... nose ... ah ... '' said louis as he just about became overwhelmed by the cursed sweet smells .
` ` noctuid , noctuid she dances tonight all good children should run from sight spices , and herbs add to the delight we eat no rabbit stew tonight slowly poached boiled , or stewed little children are on the menu soon because this is a cauldron of witches brew one child poached and two more to stew noctuid , noctuid dance in delight thy belly will be full by the dawn 's new light cracking one sleepy , spellbound eye , louis caught sight of the adder stone as it now glowed blue in front of the cracked mirror leaning against the nearby wall .
` ` molly let me get you some more herbs for the rabbit stew '' said louis as he tried to right himself inside of the cooking pot .
the smells of the herbs in the water will sooth your mind and body '' stated noctuid the black witch as she began to flail her arms about inside the beginnings of another fanatical witch - dance .
a few herbs picked from a nearby field , added dried venison and a few spices and the soup was complete .
` ` so you saw our destination louis '' asked tessie as she stirred another batch of cooked herbs and fresh potatoes .
producing the strange herb louis willing and lovingly ingested it .
there were herbs that hung in every door way that added to the strangeness of the towns , instead of warding the stench away the breeze brushed past the staleness .
we went through all of the herbs and concoctions they had tried , and i asked about what the foal had been doing around the time he started showing signs of illness .
i began stirring the air and opening the door flaps and windows to let fresh air in , and took the dried herbs and replaced them with fresh ones , i took a deep breath as i passed a large bush .
it smelled of various unknown herbs burning .
each herb was bundled with a sprig of itself wound around the bunch .
` ` mistress shamira , i spy by the shelf some herbs that have been hung to dry .
so , while the signora was busy tidying , shamira used her new herb grinding skills to spice up the podesta 's next meal in a way that the enactors were n't expecting .
seek out signora caterina baroni , the herb merchant .
` ` i 'll send herbs to calm her , '' arimus said .
michael says he would like some herbs too , '' the signora said .
but first i will to the market to get the herbs for your wife .
it may calm her till father aaron returns with the precious herbs .
` ` he gave me this satchel of herbs for the mistress . ''
when guilietta asked the herb merchant where he lived , so they could thank him properly , she asked , ` ` who ? ''
a month of the herbs had cooled her brain .
once , when he and john were tending the herb garden , john had asked him how he coped with a life hidden away from girls .
i was hanging herbs to dry .
she rubbed herbs into the steak then grilled it on a small indoor grill .
tan powel , one of the grays , apparently tried smoking some local herbs and started ranting and raving about the darwin project .
he will recover quickly with his knowledge of herb medicines , if you provide what he asks .
as soon as he finished a long drink of water and swallowed the herb mixture , anson closed his eyes and slept .
i gave her some medicine to ease her ills , but it is a bitter herb .
he could move around more freely now to collect herbs and medicinals , and respond to ailments small and serious .
they are making you some broth with some of the healing herbs that jason has found . ''
the black pepper was still good though , the whole peppercorns seemed to last longer than dried herbs .
it had a flavor somewhere between garlic and onions , and accented perfectly the herbs and seasonings that they had added .
they had unsightly moles on their cheeks and overgrown eyelashes that only served well as concealment for their bloodshot eyes ; always dry and discolored from the amount of hallucinogenic herbs they smoked .
i grimaced at the sight and turned back to the vegetables and herbs that i was responsible for .
i nodded in response to what she had said as i picked up a handful of strongly - scented herbs that i had chopped and threw them into the steaming water on the stove .
man , trees eyebrows rose , you gon na hafta lay some of that superb herb on me .
she had cheese and dried herbs to spice up the sauce .
did you finish the list of herbs that will ease a summer cold ?
the entire tent smelled of herbs , spices .
a special blend of the kava root and some natural herbs in a mixture some indians use to relax .
you are free to visit the garden street where all sorts of herbs are sold and openly used or the red light district where anyone can fulfill their fantasies without hiding .
the formula is composed of a special blend of herbs and spices that when mixed with male testosterone aligns the vocal cords and other critical body parts to achieve maximum resonance in a singers body , informed the professor .
the front yards of each of the houses were bursting with ripening tomatoes , cucumbers , green onions , squashes , and herbs .
when striker noticed mother in the herb garden , he stopped and hit reverse until he was next to her .
he was a prince , and he had been far out into the world , and we spent most our time alone , talking and smoking various harmless herbs .
indeed he drops the herbs he picked up from outside there at the end of the dead - end wall and takes out the time stone as it glows with the five orbs within it .
to the glare of his comrades he turns it and activates it upright and it glows with the five orbs there and he holds it over the herbs .
they found the herbs .
what are a few herbs and feathers in a leather pouch against me ?
she had me collecting plants and herbs for almost a year and then started me on making herbal medicines .
he mainly used herbs , but he knew when to grab the modern medicine .
` ` edible herbs are savory seasonings for the soul .
tomatoes , several types of peppers , sweet and hot , green beans , squash , zucchini , lettuce , potatoes , lots of herbs and few other things .
` ` we 're going to have to find some herbs or greens to make a meal .
` ` so we hunt for meat and we gather herbs and vegetables .
` ` while you hunt , i 'll look for wild herbs and bring them back to camp .
` ` hell , maybe we can use some of the herbs to doctor up the u - rats .
ill get the herbs and go , avon chuckled .
she looked around hoping to find other herbs or vegetables they could use .
avon gathered wild herbs and vegetables .
one could hear the peaceful sounds of the birds and little animals through the open door and the scent of kitchen herbs saturated the air .
sarah was standing in one of the window alcoves of the communal kitchen watching little rays of sunshine move abruptly like spotlights over the lush greenery of the herb garden .
sarah did n't answer , but picked up the pot roast from the pantry , added a few fresh herbs and a little pepper and placed it in the oven .
` ` hi , mom , '' sys zoomed through the kitchen , sniffed the wilting herbs and sat down at one end of the table .
the stone floors of the kitchen bounced off echoes of footsteps and chitchat and the aroma of food mingled with the fragrance of the aromatic herbs as the afternoon wound down .
sarah was in a world of her own , still eight years old , hiding in the doorway between the kitchen and the herb garden and listening to the nuns talk about their day .
` ` mom , can i get some herbs for my room ? ''
between her chemistry lessons with the children , her experiments in the lab and her beloved herb garden sarah was happy without even knowing it , in a way that only people who are not subjected to the tyranny of time can be .
that morning he jumped on the wide kitchen sill and squeezed through a window left ajar to sun himself at the base of the decorative sundial in the center of the herb garden .
sarah went back inside her lounge and looked at the low table surrounded by soft couches and chairs trying to find a couple of square feet for her research materials but between lily 's tomes of philosophy and logic , jimmy 's latest experiment , two herb drying racks and gemma 's scaled down replica of a space shuttle there was n't any space left .
lily hesitated before answering , trying to take in the familiar sights and sounds while her lungs were filled with the intense aroma of the wilting herbs .
the sky turned on several rain showers and the water condensate dropped like waterfalls over the thirsty herb garden .
she got up slowly , to solomon 's displeasure , and walked to the doorway that lead into the kitchen garden , followed by the herb fragrance and the monotonous hum of the mundane conversation .
dressed in more formal and cleaner trench coats than the rest of the populace , they also wore masks with circular eyeholes of opaque glass and beak - like projections that were supposedly stuffed with sweet - smelling herbs and spices to protect them from the stench and disease that was one with the city .
doc tiny had lined them with a cornucopia of herbs , spices and alchemical and apothecary supplies .
glass bottles and pottery containers of various herbs , unguents and ingredients sat atop crude , heavy wooden shelves that lined the walls .
encased in her old skin , she immersed herself in the play of light across lake ponchartrain each morning ; the dull and crowded bus ride into the city ; the usual mix of body odors mercifully subtle in chill of early spring ; the mindless chatter of the kitchen staff mixing with the regular snap of knives against chopping boards ; the fragrant sauces , rich with herbs , including mint and cumin heavy pressure pushed against her mind .
she packed her mixture of herbs in and sprayed the area with an atomizer .
lilly and tom were involved in some sort of heavy conversation , while bob , ronnie and patty were talking about hunting , herbs , folk remedies and what kinds of structures they would like to build for a home .
butter quickly followed with a knife sticking out of it , a plate of fried potatoes covered in herbs and then a plate of bacon each .
she felt ready now , prepared with her coat and her satchel of herbs and camping stuff and her new boots .
he does drink a tea made of a local herb for the pain , but claims it gives him an upset stomach .
but rumor is it the blood of an eversor , when alloyed with certain natural herbs , can cure any kind of human disease , any fatal sickness at all .
behind the walking two , from a high and giant tree , busiku , his movement so nimble and hasty that a normal human eye could not easily follow it , leapt out , forsaking the disguise of the branches that veiled him , and spun down in the air until he grounded down on angled legs and mindful hands yes , he had put back his hacked hand where it had been cut off and bound and tied it with the additional appliance of certain effectual and potent herbs for its thorough and curative healing .
plus , more importantly , he had fastened back his champed - off hand with the use of certain remedial and effective herbs he had scouted for in the wide forest , and it was at the moment quickly healing and repairing .
magen was having , what seemed to be , pasta twists , in tomato sauce , seasoned with herbs , and some chunks of rather amorphous , and unnamed meat .
they settled on a simple salad , with organic lettuce , vegetables and herbs along with a light vinagrette dressing .
we just think a thing is the right way to do it and suddenly the kid does nt know how to swim or has nt a clue about herbs .
he sat on a mound of leaves and watched her as she put dried herbs and spices into a leather bag with hot rocks .
* * * * witch i bear witness on holy writ that , her husband wasting away , the accused sought herbs in the forest for a brew and that he died in atrocious agony soon after .
once i dared follow her in the forest , domain of wild beasts , savages and unholy spirits , to a black pool where her master in the form of a monstrous deformed carp followed her as she picked herbs from the muckish evil - smelling edge .
he patiently crushes selected herbs , and gently stirs them into the water with his finger .
lasher now sits indian style with two other men in a semi - circle , all with herb bowls in front of them .
van sutherland pushes lasher 's bowl of herbs across the floor .
archdeacon pendragon krill sits naked on a rubber mat spread across the floor of his loft and patiently mixes his herbs in a glass bowl , as his manservant baronia hovers nearby with a kettle of steaming water .
bowls of crushed herbs sit in all of their laps , and improvised third eye patches ride on all of their foreheads .
( hot water in herb bowls , please ! )
they were all stoned on those devil herbs , right ?
bowls of herbs sat in their laps , and modified p-4 patches rode their foreheads .
kane snatched a bowl of herbs from an assistant , and departed at once with gidget for mr . lee 's inner sanctum .
the beasts were being treated with salt and herbs that were supposed to make them last , but tuki felt they would have lasted longer had they been left alive .
there i expected to trade for relevant herbs and medical supplies .
it had a particularly large garden cultivating herbs and vegetables served to the royals .
my bag contains medicinal herbs of value only to a doctor !
medicinal herbs ?
bottles of french cognac were poured into buckets of water to which herbs and sugar had been added to create cocktails that nathaniel had never tasted before , but were so delicious that he knew that he would have to control his intake .
the addition of the herbs prevented a hangover , so he could indulge to his hearts content .
there is traditional white corn - meal in it also , as well as some beans , wild onions , and various herbs .
he had sold herbs and tonics for couples to enhance their sex lives .
now , he packaged medicinal herbs and salves .
because if she busts us , she is probably going to kill me , and she knows a lot of herbs and potions that would make it really painful for me oh , she worked for seventeen hours .
there s a legend about a werewolf who could control his changing with this herb .
draagh simply smiled as he pulled out his pipe , torching up some more of his beloved herb .
plants , bugs , rotten logs , and of course draagh 's musty leathers , and the small satchel of herb in his pocket .
draagh smiled whimsically as he walked , going to retrieve his pipe , but putting it back , wanting his two companions to be able to detect any errant scent without it being masked by the smoke of his beloved herb .
the aged wizard had become a bit lazy throughout his eons of existence , and his beloved herb only helped to exacerbate his distaste for complex math .
you see , krynos does not care much for the wonderfully aromatic scent of my herb , so i have refrained from partaking in its pleasures as of late . ''
he bid them farewell and departed for the upper levels , his herb satchel already in hand .
about a week earlier , the party had been agitated by the sudden refusal of the hamsters and white rats to touch certain new herbs fawkes had brought in .
duana displayed a delicate touch with herbs , a bit of rosemary in the veal , the vegetables not overcooked .
he smelled herbs .
the stimulant , when it came , tasted of a bitter herb he was a moment identifying .
books , notebooks , journals , and papers line the shelves , together with containers and boxes and pouches full of all sorts of herbs , roots , and magical ingredients , from a bottle of snake hisses to a vial of milk - thistle extract .
she nursed a lemon mist herb tea and awaited the return of her tracer .
` ` herb and alan have been making progress .
` ` herb found the cleaning woman and got her taped .
if a warrior is wounded in the abdomen , they feed him a soup of onions and herbs ; then the women smell about his wounds , and if they smell onions , they say , ` ` he has the soup illness , '' and they know he shall die .
she inspected its careful proportions , its measured ribbons of sauces , garnishes of herbs .
pressing a button on his desk intercom he said , ` ` herb , will you come in here , please ? ''
` ` you want to buy a bet , herb ? ''
` ` i see , '' herb said , nodding .
` ` which , '' herb said , ` ` is too bad for taverner . ''
` ` yes , '' herb said , nodding .
` ` it takes time , '' herb said .
` ` you and your intuitions in the jungian sense , '' herb said .
` ` have a miss katharine nelson brought in here , '' he instructed herb maime .
` ` i 'll have peg do it , '' herb said , and signed off .
` ` i agree , '' herb said , ` ` but i 'll try for it anyhow . ''
` ` i got here as quickly as i could , '' herb said , holding out his hand to buckman .
` ` i got a call earlier today from taverner , '' herb said .
` ` you ' ve told me that before , '' herb said .
` ` you should sit down , '' herb said .
` ` i think we should talk to taverner , '' herb said .
` ` you 'd better leave the house for a while , '' herb said .
` ` you 're crying , '' herb said .
` ` come on , '' herb said , taking him by the arm and leading him to the staircase .
` ` no , '' herb said .
` ` do n't try to do much at the office , '' herb said as they passed through the living room and outside , where their two quibbles sat parked .
on the ride back to the academy building , herb , at the wheel of the quibble , said , ` ` there 're cigarettes in my coat . ''
` ` i want to discuss one matter with you , '' herb said .
` ` i never told anybody but you , '' he said to herb .
` ` but taken deliberately , '' herb said .
but herb maime was right : it had to be faced now .
but -- ` ` something like that , '' herb said .
` ` i ' m sorry that i have to bring this up so soon , '' herb said .
` ` i would say pin it on somebody higher up , '' herb said .
in his suite of offices at the los angeles police academy building , felix buckman sorted among the memos , letters , and documents on his desk , mechanically selecting the ones that needed herb maime 's attention and discarding those that could wait .
` ` yes , '' herb said .
he motioned for herb to come back .
` ` i should n't have talked to her like that , '' buckman said to herb maime .
` ` no , '' herb said cautiously , hesitating .
` ` i do n't know , '' herb said .
` ` you 're right , '' herb said .
nodding , herb made a note of that on his customary vest - pocket pad .
buckman gazed up at herb maime , steadily .
` ` okay , '' herb maime said after a time .
seated a short way off , at his own desk , herb maime said , ` ` he means that the brain seizes on the spatial universe nearest at hand . ''
` ` i read it a little over an hour ago , '' herb maime said .
` ` put together an abstract for me , '' he said to herb maime , ` ` and i 'll look it over in the morning . ''
taking the descent tube he rearrived on the fourteenth floor , returned to his suite of offices , where westerburg and herb maime still sat conferring .
` ` make an exception , '' herb said sharply .
buckman took the phone from herb maime , said into it , ` ` hello , taverner .
to herb maime , buckman said , ` ` he wants to give himself up . ''
` ` tell him to come down here , '' herb said .
` ` he 's coming down here to be killed , '' he said to herb maime .
` ` go home , '' herb said to him .
` ` herb , '' buckman said , ` ` i intend to kill the guy , as i said on the phone . ''
` ` let 's see that , '' herb said .
` ` i 'll take care of it , '' herb said .
` ` you better get a black - and - gray to take you home , '' herb said .
` ` good night , '' herb said quietly .
` ` good night , '' herb said to him .
the reverend mothers used voice and their considerable wiles plus the smoke of drugging herbs and their overpowering presence to lure odrade into their waiting groundcar .
at the stove he toiled surrounded by several kinds of fish , plus many herbs and spices .
in fact , by some odd coincidence , she 'd chosen beneficial herbs .
it 's a bare - bones facility , but compared to what the la'heng have , which amounts to incense , prayers , and smoky bits of herb , it will offer tremendous value .
this man is under fief to verrick , a personal staff member named herb moore .
major shaeffer slammed the door after them , leaving herb moore in the plush lounge outside .
in many ways herb moore was right .
` ` here , '' herb moore said , emerging from a deep low chair in the corner .
that 's all he 's loyal to , them and herb moore . ''
` ` come along , '' he snapped to herb moore .
` ` i ' m going downstairs and go over the tapes we scanned on herb moore , particularly the ones we got the day he came to talk to cartwright .
at his own screen , herb moore jerked controls with convulsive dismay .
` ` that 's herb moore ! ''
he stumbled , raised his thumb - gun toward wakeman ... and then herb moore was gone .
the body had moved almost a quarter mile before herb moore sent the selector mechanism twitching .
benteley killed the limp , unprotesting body of herb moore .
` ` he 's gone crazy ; he 's heading away from ... '' he saw the lifeless body of herb moore .
` ` everything but herb moore .
` ` herb , '' he said .
` ` oh , i doubt that , '' herb said .
` ` but he was , herb , '' evans said .
` ` herb had his door closed while he was talking , but i , uh , i heard a few things . ''
they 'd contain nothing more than some sugar and a few pinches of common herbs to give a spike of alertness or drowsiness , depending on the purported effect .
she reached out and stroked my face , her fingers rough and smelling of herbs .
probably all those other smelly herbs were just for show .
she had some weird herbs waiting to be brewed .
she poured the boiling water into her cup of herbs , and the smell of compost heap filled the room .
people say that herb wyler , who collected stamps and had once given gary an old air rifle , committed suicide .
tell you one thing - i ' ve gained a new respect for herb wyler in the last couple of weeks .
the way herb had been .
sometimes she would think of the endless evenings before the gunshot from the garage and she would see seth in his chair , the one with the horse - and - rider de cals she and herb had put on when they came to realize just how much the boy loved ` ` wessurns '' .
seth just sitting there , ignoring whatever was on tv ( unless it was an oat - opera or a space - show , that was ) , looking at herb with his horrible mud - brown eyes , the eyes of a creature that has lived its whole life in a swamp .
sitting there and looking at herb , hardly ever at her , at least not then .
on good days she would think that herb , whose sense of humor had served as both a shield and a goad to the thing inside of seth , had held on long enough to escape .
on bad ones she knew that was bullshit , that seth had simply used all of herb there was to use and had then sent him out to the garage with a self - destruct program flashing away in his head like a neon schlitz sign in a taproom window .
she might go on breathing and eating for a little while , as herb had , but it would be the end of her , nevertheless .
i hate seeing him do that and so does herb .
` ` look , '' herb says , ` ` it 's my dad before he combs his hair in the morning . ''
i thought he might make me hurt myself again , but then herb stepped in front of me and told , him the same thing , to go away and calm down and then come back and maybe we could help him fix whatever was wrong .
welcome to hell is that herb ?
` ` he 's showing us what he could n't tell us , '' herb said .
especially since it 's herb that- no , i wo n't put that down .
from where i ' m writing at the kitchen table i can see herb down on his knees by the hedge at the back of the yard , poking along with the handle of a rake .
i think seth has more success picking up what herb is thinking than he does with me .
sometimes there are things like that ( herb twisting his lip or me slapping myself ) , things like a powerful hypnosis , but not often .
as dead as herb wyler .
i ' ve discovered you can always find something to be grateful for , in this case that making herb punch himself was all seth did ( although it 's not really seth who does the bad stuff but the other one , the stalky little boy ) .
seth likes to stand by the bathroom sink and watch herb shave in the mornings .
` ` do n't you swear like that in front of your aunt audrey , '' herb said , and i was afraid at the look the slb threw at him then , very afraid , but herb 's look back never wavered .
` ` me and herb . ''
` ` herb did n't kill himself , did he ? ''
` ` herb wanted us to get away from it .
and it found it could n't use herb for ... for something it wanted to do .
beside the dish drainer , a plastic bottle of detergent which might have been purchased when herb wyler was still alive lies overturned .
johnny knows without having to ask that it was a present to seth from his uncle , something perhaps remembered from the days of herb wyler 's own youth and patiently hunted out of a dust - covered attic carton .
and from these sundry persons who would have talked me into a stupor had i allowed it , i did learn further that there was scarce a family in the vicinity of this prosperous community who had not seen firsthand the great powers of the comtesse , as she did freely heal those who were sick , and prepare for them herb potions , and lay her own hands upon their afflicted limbs and bodies , and for this she asked nothing except that she be remembered in their prayers .
they went on to describe how the comte lingered , and finally screamed as his pains grew sharper , though his wife had given him wine and herbs aplenty to dull his suffering and deliver his mind .
in his mother 's womb manny had advised the three of them : herb asher , elias tate and rybys herself .
although dead and in cryonic suspension , herb asher was having his own problems .
thus herb asher , as well as everyone else in suspension at cry - labs , had to listen to elevator music all day and all night , the station being what it liked to call a ` ` pleasing sounds '' outfit .
worse yet , his wife had been killed and in such a fashion that no organ transplant would revive her ; her pretty little head , as the robot doctor had explained it to herb , had been riven in twain - a typical robot word - choice .
the few remaining autochthons had never assassinated any of the human domers who had appeared with their microwave transmitters and psychotronic boosters , fake food ( fake as far as herb asher was concerned ; it tasted dreadful ) and meager creature comforts of complex nature , all items that baffled the simple autochthons without arousing their curiosity .
pressing the switch of the external bullhorn , herb asher said , ` ` step in here a minute , clem . ''
a moment later the displeased autochthon stood within the dome , shaking off methane crystals and glowering at herb asher .
aloud , herb asher said , ` ` i shall say the hundred - letter thunder word . ''
after the foodman had departed , herb asher got the code for rybys rommey 's dome , started to run it into his transmitter and then hesitated .
in the old days before humans had migrated to the cy3o - cy3ob star system , the autochthonic population had worshiped a mountain deity named yah , whose abode , the autochthons had explained , was the little mountain on which herb asher 's dome had been erected .
immediately the cabinet in which herb asher kept his video and audio tapes began to burn .
` ` i hate to put it to you this way , '' she said to elias and herb asher , ` ` but i ' m a virgin . ''
to herb asher , elias said , ` ` she must return to earth .
she pointed at herb asher .
both herb asher and rybys stared at him .
` ` and he 's guiding you through , '' herb said .
before elias and herb come back .
` ` we felt we had to get married , '' herb said .
much of the treatment in- volves transforming the immune system so that- '' the doctor continued on , and herb asher listened as well as he could .
rybys murmured , lifting her head ; her face was blotched and swollen , and herb asher could understand her only with difficulty .
she stared at herb asher and then elias .
` ` herb , '' his wife whispered , ` ` i just saw my son . ''
she is really sick , herb asher said to himself .
he motioned herb asher away from rybys and away from the other passengers .
you know , herb , god offered the torah , it is said , to every people in the world , back in ancient times , before he offered it to the jews , and every nation rejected it for one reason or another .
` ` he smiled at herb asher .
` ` then the golden rule derives from judaism , '' herb said .
` ` i have a lot to learn , '' herb said .
filled with fear , herb asher held rybys against him , and he sat as close to elias as possible , obtaining strength from the older man .
` ` tell me , elias , '' herb said quietly , ` ` the most beautiful thing you know about god . ''
he gazed down at herb asher .
` ` i ' m her husband , '' herb said .
following the immigration agent , herb asher made his way step by step up the aisle to the rear of the ship .
` ` let me ask you a question , '' herb said to elias .
` ` it is the finest of all scotches , '' herb said .
` ` my god , '' herb said , ` ` you can see it ! ''
young , wearing glasses , her hair tied back in a bun , she briskly escorted herb asher and his wife down a short sterile- looking and sterile - smelling corridor into an examination room .
` ` in view of your wife 's illness , '' the doctor said to herb asher as she seated herself at her desk , ` ` why was n't her pregnancy terminated ? ''
all at once herb asher became aware that the voice from the speaker only resembled the fox 's .
the immigration official , raptly attentive , listened in silence ; then , putting his hand over the audio sender , he said irritably to herb asher , ` ` the blood type checks out .
the immigration official called after herb asher as he and rybys made their way from the examination room .
` ` he drew their attention , '' herb said .
darkness came and herb asher knew no more .
grimly , herb asher thought , exactly .
as he lost consciousness herb asher said to himself , yah 's plans have not been completely wrecked .
he took the girl by the hand and led her to herb asher .
looking toward the girl herb asher saw a beautiful pale heart - shaped face with eyes that danced with light .
emmanuel said , ` ` hello , herb asher . ''
` ` are- '' herb did not know what to say .
` ` you have a heavy burden on you , '' herb said .
` ` while my mother died , '' emmanuel said , gazing fixedly at herb asher , ` ` you listened to an illusion .
` ` that was a long time ago , '' herb said .
` ` that 's not my problem , '' herb said .
you fell asleep , herb asher , because a voice told you to fall asleep .
do you sleep , herb asher ?
reaching out , elias put his arm around herb asher , to reassure him .
` ` i will always speak the truth to you , herb asher , '' the boy continued .
do you know what god is , herb asher ?
amazing , herb asher thought .
what do you say to that , herb asher ? ''
` ` i may go back to my dome , '' herb said .
` ` i ' m uncomfortable here , '' herb said .
` ` i want to go home , '' herb said , simply .
` ` okay , '' herb said .
the godhead itself suffered a crisis ; can you fathom that , herb asher ?
` ` you can , '' herb said .
elias tate stared at the girl , and , equally puzzled , herb asher regarded her .
despite his question , herb asher thought , he knows - knows already .
the ratio , '' she said to herb asher , ` ` is that used in playing cards : three to five .
` ` herb , i do n't want to lose him . ''
that night as he slept , herb asher dreamed that a woman was singing to him .
we have not gone away from where we were - back there a few miles is the school that you and i attend ; back there in the house elias and herb asher are discussing what to do .
you roused herb asher from his sleep by a crude introjection ; i awaken by means of beauty . ''
let 's go and get herb asher .
` ` she 's going to go a long way , '' herb said , ` ` if she gets any kind of a break at all . ''
a hand touched herb asher on the shoulder .
the woman , pretty , wearing a floral print top and jeans , a mail - pouch purse over her shoulder , drew a chair back and seated herself beside herb asher .
the pretty , dark - haired young woman said , ` ` herb has n't seen me since college .
` ` herb has n't changed a bit .
` ` very good , '' herb said , pleased at her support .
when the song ended , and the audience had begun to clap , herb asher said to his wife , ` ` you never heard ' shall i sue ' before .
the chief prelate and the procurator maximus invite her to- '' ` ` she 's going to sing again , '' herb asher interrupted .
stand here , herb asher , and she will pass directly by you . ''
` ` if i could say to you- '' ` ` she is coming this way , '' herb asher said .
tapping herb asher on the shoulder a waitress said , ` ` you 're going to have to take that boy out of here , sir ; we ca n't have minors in here . ''
manny said , ` ` it is her desire to trick you , herb asher .
` ` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' herb said , ` ` but if i could meet her- '' ` ` you will , '' manny said .
` ` manny has to leave , '' herb said to zina pallas .
when herb asher saw the fox he saw deception , and that deception lies at the heart of your world . ''
the fox as reality will be more acceptable to herb asher than any dream of the fox .
` ` i can dream , '' herb said .
` ` lay off , '' herb said .
` ` herb , '' elias said , ` ` you are full of shit . ''
` ` it had something to do with the bible , '' herb said .
at the end of the work day , as herb asher and his partner were preparing to close up the store a young woman wearing a suede leather jacket , jeans , moccasins and a red silk scarf tied over her hair came in .
` ` elias is into that , all right , '' herb said .
` ` herb , '' zina said , ` ` will you do manny the favor he wants ?
` ` the real world , '' herb said .
` ` a nonentity awaits herb asher .
` ` enjoy your day , '' the robot steward said to herb asher as he jauntily exited from the ship .
` ` you , too , '' herb said .
` ` call me herb , '' he said .
she paused and then said , ` ` i think , herb , i ' m going to divorce you . ''
` ` good - bye , herb asher , '' rybys said .
` ` psychologically , '' herb said , ` ` she is very sick . ''
` ` i 'll go alone , '' herb said .
from his audio store herb asher called linda at her sherman oaks home .
` ` herb , '' she said , ` ` you can stay at my place if you want ; i ' ve got a big house .
` ` you got that off the package , herb . ''
you know , herb , no one has ever really had confidence in me .
gravely , she said , ` ` i sense magic around us , herb .
` ` herb , it scares me .
lifting off from his abode in washington , d.c . , herb asher joyfully began the flight to california and linda fox .
' ruthe ' literally means ' rod , ' ` ` herb asher said .
and especially when you tell him that you 're god 's father- '' ` ` legal father , '' herb asher corrected .
` ` jesus christ , '' herb asher protested weakly .
` ` i know what that means , ' herb asher said .
thank you , the goat - creature thought , and herb asher felt its joy .
and then herb asher caught a really dreadful mental impres- sion from the goat - creature 's mind , one that horrified him and made him drive erratically for a moment .
and , then , its thoughts passed beyond the limits of herb asher 's comprehension .
` ` i will wager with you that- '' herb asher began , but the goat - creature cut him off .
` ` this is herb , '' he said .
well , herb asher ; here you are in california with me , as you imagined in the beginning .
the boy shone in a ghostly way , and herb asher realized that he could see the wall and the counter and cabinets behind the boy .
and yet he was here ; here and aware of herb asher .
` ` what i told her , '' emmanuel said to herb asher , ` ` is that she has saved you .
linda said to herb asher , ` ` he 's telling me to be happy .
and then she sang for herb asher one of the dowland songs .
the boy explained that each morning a servant flushed the pipe with scented water , then placed a fresh bouquet of sweet - smelling herbs in a clip on the wall .
the professor touched his ear and said , ` ` my lord oliver , if you wish to assure yourself , bring back the knight marek at once , and he will say to you what i say now , that i saved his father , who was ill with dropsy , with the herb arnica , and that this happened in hampstead , a hamlet near to london , in the autumn of the year past .
the soldiers were grumbling about what they called ` ` kitchen work , '' but johnston told them that these were , in his words , the herbs of war .
they lay with their foreheads touching , as in her daydream , and when he found his way into her , she felt pain melt into sweetness like some wild and exotic herb that may only be tasted once in each lifetime .
and then he will add herbs and spices to the beer can .
it 's mostly herbs and spices and wood chips .
he had already sprinkled the brandy - soaked raisins and grain beneath the stunted avocado tree behind the house , and he was arranging the scented woods , the herbs , and the spices on the bed of charcoal .
when its time is come it is burned on the fire of rare woods and spices and herbs , and in the ashes it is reborn , time after time , world without end . ''
i took the creaky little elevator up to the top floor along with two people who never glanced at me once , and followed the snaking corridors out into the air and past the herb garden till i came to the green railing over the courtyard .
how many have been cured by his herbs and his knowledge ?
and brew up stuff with herbs . ''
it was a brown dust , made of dried herbs and the skin of a particular toad , and from certain other things .
` ` it 's mixed herbs , '' she explained .
` ` mixed herbs ! ''
you ask me , it 's all mixed herbs . ''
half a bottle of mixed herbs was poured into the sherry .
mrs . higgler threw a pinch of red earth into the bowl of sherry and mixed herbs .
there may be a few mixed herbs in there , but nothin ' big . ''
he puts wood in the bottom of the hole , and he makes a fire , and he puts a cookpot in the hole and drops in roots and herbs .
it 's got to be hot for the herbs to do their good things , says anansi .
in his mind she lit the black candles once more and sprinkled the herbs into the bowl .
mrs . higgler assured them that she could find all the herbs they actually needed on the island , but fat charlie had clarissa borrow a pouch of bouquet garni from the kitchen .
she recognized this smell - dusty decay mixed with the spiced scent of mummification herbs .
and taint my healing herbs ? ''
cigarette smoke billowed , along with special hand - rolled herbs .
as if confirming this , a breeze whispered down the corridor , stirring the hanging bundles of herbs with a dry clacking .
my wife planted an herb garden , some flowers , a few hot pepper plants .
she smelled plowed fields , damp grass , ripe grapes , and pungent herbs .
in addition , stan will be putting out tribal masks , herbs , and other safeguards .
thoughts swarming , she picked up a piece of the bread , glistening with golden oil and speckled with herbs .
jars were filled with assorted herbs and liquids , many of them labeled in a language she did n't know , although if she stared at them for too long her netlink would begin searching for a translation .
after breakfast , we sat out on the porch , watching the sheets of rain , the puddles collecting in the herb garden .
wondered again if the dogghe skill with herbs helped .
masked by the freshness of some subtle herb .
sprinkled with some sharp yet familiar herb .
i 'll go look for herbs and spices for tonight 's supper . '
arell told me that certain herbs help to quiet labor pains , and that led me to argak the herbalist .
balten usually got his patients roaring drunk before he started cutting , but i talked with argak about it , and he concocted a mixture of various herbs that puts people to sleep .
some of those herbs were fairly exotic , and some were actually dangerous , requiring carefully measured doses .
there are some herbs out of nyissa that 'll arouse lust , but nothing in all the world that 'll awaken love .
i provided the court physicians with a compound of certain herbs that was strong enough to fell a horse , and then i spoke at some length with the young duke 's advisors .
i finally tracked down the proper concoction of herbs to normalize adana 's chemical imbalance , and then i flew on back up to aldurford and mixed up a large jar of the ' tonic ' .
an overdose of most of the healing herbs can be fatal .
i was n't entirely certain whether or not the ulgos might have religious objections to herbs and spices .
there are some herbs and compounds of herbs that numb that overpowering sadness , but numb people do n't function very well .
there are some herbs and compounds of herbs that numb that overpowering sadness , but numb people do n't function very well .
they do it with all them secret herbs , you know : ' i always choked just a little when i heard one of them say that , largely because he pronounced the ' h ' in ' herbs ' .
when he was n't giving her lessons in practical politics - nyissan style - he was introducing me to the exotic world of nyissan herbs .
there are some combinations of herbs that 'll keep her calm and happy .
her condition was permanent there was n't any cure , but my combination of herbs and ' tampering ' kept her moderately serene and sometimes even a little happy .
after the wolf had grown a little more at ease , polgara boiled a number of herbs in a small pot , mixed them with a paste of soap and sugar , and applied the poultice to the wolfs injured paw .
` ` no , little sister , '' polgara replied , stirring the small pot of simmering herbs on the fire .
polgara bathed the injured paw in the pungent juice from her pot , then mixed the pulped herbs with soap and sugar again , packed it over the wound , and replaced the bandage .
sadi went back to their chambers and returned with his red case and the canvas sack in which polgara kept her collection of herbs and remedies : the two of them consulted in low tones while garion and brador pushed the litter bearers and curious soldiers from the room .
at first the herbs the lady sephrenia advised quieted bellina somewhat , but after a short while , she seemed to shake off their effects .
the herbs no longer quieted her .
the mortally hurt were quickly given a drink of a bitter - tasting potion of herbs that would ease their pain and then were left to die .
` ` is that bag she always carries somewhere about - the one she keeps all those herbs in ? ''
then she opened polgara 's herb bag .
polgara took a small mortar and pestle and began grinding certain herbs from her bag into a fine powder as she watched belgarath intently .
she frowned , still mixing the herbs in the mortar .
` ` i 'll need some room , '' she told the rest of them pointedly as she opened the bag which contained her jars of herbs .
she was pulling her small bundle of herbs and bandages out of one of the packs .
aunt pol took lady ariana to one side and spoke with her at some length , giving her a small packet of herbs and certain instructions .
i 'll need the herbs i have in it . ''
she set the pale and violently trembling boy on a stool near one of the ovens and mixed a tea of several herbs taken from earthenware jars on a high shelf in the back of one of her pantries .
it 's an encyclopedia of natural remedies that you can make using herbs and plants and stuff from the things growing in south florida . ''
the servants began bringing out platters of ribs , roasted in a crust of garlic and herbs .
six monstrous huge aurochs had been roasting for hours , turning slowly on wooden spits while kitchen boys basted them with butter and herbs until the meat crackled and spit .
the eight soon - to - be brothers feasted on rack of lamb baked in a crust of garlic and herbs , garnished with sprigs of mint , and surrounded by mashed yellow turnips swimming in butter .
when he left he gave her a potion of honeywater and herbs and told her to drink a swallow every night .
the maester 's medicines made an impressive display ; dozens of pots sealed with wax , hundreds of stoppered vials , as many milkglass bottles , countless jars of dried herbs , each container neatly labeled in pycelle 's precise hand .
` ` this is like to sting some , '' the maester warned as he wet a cloth with wine that smelled of crushed herbs .
she makes a posset for me , herbs and milk and ale , to help make me fertile .
` ` i 'll grind some herbs you can mix with wine to bring down your fever .
when they 'd left castle black , brown bernarr had been carrying bags of myrish fire , mustard salve , ground garlic , tansy , poppy , kingscopper , and other healing herbs .
he did that , and later he used potions and poltices and herbs , but the hand mortified and urri took a fever .
` ` some herb or potion , so she wo n't be so afraid ? ''
` ` the silent sisters removed lord tywin 's bowels and organs , drained his blood ... every care was taken ... his body was stuffed with salts and fragrant herbs ... '' ` ` oh , spare me the disgusting details .
the serving men were bringing out the fish course , a river pike baked in a crust of herbs and crushed nuts .
her part was mostly fetching , scrambling up ladders to find the herbs and leaves the waif required .
she had a featherbed to sleep in , and a privy with a marble seat , sweetened by a basketful of herbs .
maester colemon brought up the rear , leading a second mule laden with his chests of herbs and potions .
one wall was lined with bookshelves and bins stacked with old scrolls and parchments ; another held racks of ointments , herbs , and potions .
beneath the arches of the peddler 's colonnade the scribes and money changers had set up for business , along with a hedge wizard , an herb woman , and a very bad juggler .
pycelle 's chambers were beneath the rookery , a spacious suite of rooms cluttered with racks of herbs and salves and potions and shelves jammed full of books and scrolls .
when i finally catch sight of her , though , she 's standing with a few other medics in training , holding out some sort of green herb in her palm and patiently explaining how to use it .
it stinks of roots and mud and ugly herbs but i ' m so tired i let her tie it round my forehead , right over the bandage that 's still stuck on the side of my head .
as the gatherer , it was her responsibility to understand the properties of numerous healing herbs and know how to use them should the need arise .
he waited for her to turn around and go back to sorting her herbs , but she remained before him , staring as though waiting for something else .
from what he could gather , palvas visitor was another wolf from her pack , having been sent down to deliver a few of palvas healing herbs .
have you brought some more of my herbs ?
the outsiders name is tir , and you may leave the herbs on the boulder over there .
there was a soft rustling as he spat the herbs into the grass .
she was carrying a clump of green leaves sprinkled with delicate purple flowers in her jaws , which she spat out onto the boulder holding the rest of her herb supply .
maybe , he could ask palva to borrow a few herbs .
surely someone had to have taught you of the herbs .
after adding a bit more of the soothing herb to his burns , she turned back around and curled up in her own nest .
tomorrow , she should go in search of more herbs .
the gatherer was sorting through a pile of pungent - smelling herbs when tir arrived .
she said my herbs are only good for more serious things , and if you re to be in this pack , then i m afraid you must learn to help yourself .
she dropped her herbs on the boulder with a sigh and padded over to him .
palva was sorting through her herbs , not really paying attention to what she was doing .
raatri was not therethe terrified little wolf had spent the rest of the night and now much of the day curled up in a tight knot in palvas hollow , refusing to speak or take any herbs that she offered him .
she began pounding the plants into a poultice , spicy - scented juices staining the herb - boulder dark ( tir wrinkled his nose at the scent ) .
tir asked , watching the herbs with a wary eye .
palva gathered up the leaf bundle in her jaws and padded over to tirs side , laying her herbs in the grass and beginning to examine his cuts and bruises .
her jaw fell open , dropping the bundle of herbs with a thump , but she paid no attention .
it was time to go out to the fields to search for more herbs before her stock was gone .
here , i brought you some herbs .
she scraped the herbs onto a flat leaf .
palva quieted as she rubbed herbs into salkas gaping woundsonly two , one on her neck and a long gash down her flank that exposed ragged yellow and pink tissue .
would i be wasting my herbs on her if she were ?
working with the familiar herbs had calmed her , and she was no longer muttering .
but you must accept the authority inherent in palvas position ; were it not for her herbs , half of our wolves would be lost to marsh sickness .
she should have some herbs that she gave raatri for his shock ; perhaps they ll do you good as well .
the air in the hollow , always fresh and spicy with the sharp scent of palvas herbs , was buzzing as though it were filled with tiny , apprehensive insects .
she padded over to her herb boulder , limping on her three legs .
what was the herb she used to stop bleeding ?
there are no herbs to mend you , i am sorry .
i added an herb from my garden .
my tele - ears hear the loud pop of the metal top from the bottle since the product of fiss is part carbonated water , lots of sweet cane sugar , nice fruit flavoring , and a secret herb from dirks home grown royal garden .
the man - made herb gink is mixed with sweet cane sugar , filtered pure carbonized spring water , and colored with a pretty flavor of fruit juice to create a drink called fiss .
dried herbs hung from wooden racks on the wall .
it was torn , dog - eared , and smelled of herbs .
tarot session early in the morning , the three witches , along with their aunt , were collecting herbs in the field near the forests edge .
the girls were searching for medical as well as culinary herbs .
while picking herbs and putting them in their baskets , the three maidens continued to sing the dark ballad , accompanied by the forest birds .
they stopped and looked at the field , where , almost at the edge of the forest , three young girls were collecting herbs and singing a song about the crows that were preparing to eat the dead knights corpse .
when the baskets were full , the girls sat down not afar from each other and began sorting the herbs .
she then rested her eyes on the big wicker basket near medea , which was full of herbs , flowers , and fly agarics .
she left cassandra , went near medea , and began sorting the herbs in her basket .
there were books on the table , old and leather - bound , as well as scattered bundles of herbs and flora .
it was supposed that a girl could meet her soulmate during the festival of dnai by wearing such herbs and flowers to attract him and repel those whose intentions were not true .
lukas burn had refused to heal despite having numerous salves and bits of herbs applied to it .
spectacle cleaner , emergency herb garden ah !
do you remember what used to happen to anyone who dared to brew tea from some herbs ?
i do n't want to risk the inquisition coming back , so every other day i take out another bundle of string - wrapped herbs and use the smoke to cleanse the boarding house .
` ` it 's sage and other herbs .
they had also changed the dressing and poultice of herbs that beth had earlier wrapped around the wound , again using the supplies carried on the bus .
lyssa turned to zoey who sat at the kitchen table making a small pouch with dried herbs .
i think it was a drying room for herbs and their preparation or that s what zoey said .
i spent hours gathering herbs to dry before the snow falls .
medicinal herbs were frequently traded , and grandmothers favorite , dusk tea .
pocheao , the wise one , had already thrown blessing herbs on the fire and the pungent aroma wafted through the village .
as they neared , kaelah smelled the herbs and said a prayer of her own .
when the bowls were empty , pocheao stood and put more blessing herbs on the fire .
nedoe held out a bag of herbs that if taken would send a man to a peaceful death .
the healers lips formed a grim line , and she went back to her herbs .
the healer vigorously crushed her herbs , they have known each other all their lives .
before they left the village , marook and kaelah made a small fire in the tribal lodge , where they burned some blessing herbs and thanked the berry pickers for their gifts .
kaelah brought some blessing herbs and prayed for those who had passed .
bushes and healing herbs thus far .
he ground the herb between his teeth , extracting as much juice as possible before spitting the pulp outside the bivouac .
garn reached into one of his pouches and withdrew several herbs and a clean silk cloth .
` ` i ' ve got rags and herbs ! ''
you must have fallen asleep tending the herbs , he explained .
i will see you at lunch , then , she added over her shoulder before heading out to the herb garden .
i doubt highway robbers would be interested in stealing bandages and anti - nausea herbs .
* * * sarah thought about her sister all day while working in the garden shed , drying and mincing herbs and organizing her supplies into small pottery containers .
maybe getting some new pots for the fall herb storage perhaps ?
she makes the most beautiful pottery , and she specifically makes items to suit my needs for storing herbs and ointments .
sarah saw movement in one of the upper windows , but before she could discern who it might be , a short , plump woman came hurrying toward them from the herb gardens to the left .
villagers would grow fresh fruit and vegetables behind their homes , and had an array of herbs for seasoning .
she lit a fire in a small dish that sat on the table , these herbs will help clear your mind ; they also break the connection of any voicesi hear voices sometimes the lady laughed eccentrically for a moment , and then her expression hardened .
michael tried to stand up but it was too late , the smoke from the herbs had entered the princes lungs .
i need to get some herbs , food , and exploding knives .
gram sent dru and dhelia out for the herbs and supplies she needs , but they were very hush - hush about it .
atop the altar she lays the moon familys book of shadows ; a pewter pentacle , which represents the earth ; a silver athame for air ; a wooden wand encrusted in gemstones for fire ; a silver chalice for water ; as well as white candles , incense , a silver plate , and an envelope of various herbs which reads , health for samuel crawford on the front .
charge these herbs to aid my spell , that samuel crawford will be well .
the young woman , limuw , was very sad for many days , and one day , she ate a poisonous herb to kill herself so she could leave the sadness .
they were then to wrap her body in cloth dipped in the oil of a native herb called joitsa .
tables were lined with flowers , herbs , and the most beautiful pieces of artwork that she had ever seen .
for days , we walked until we got to a hut , it was painted black and we hopped in unnoticed to the human herbalist family who sat there drinking liquefied herbs .
here we saw obatala with a long chain , a cock , sand and herbs and as he walked down to the edge where he would hook the chain and climb down to earth .
gavins mom smelled like fresh herbs and vanilla soap , making ronnie cry even harder .
such smells as those he immediately darted for the moment he stepped through the doorway came to him from everywhere , smells of fresh fruit , herbs and vegetables ; the meaty aromas of warm , recently butchered beast and game ; and some pulpy gross thing that closely resembled a big fat lizard hanging from a hook .
at the back corner was another much smaller room jutting beyond the rear wall which appeared to be a very rustic - styled kitchen , with pots and pans , utensils and herbs all hanging from various hooks around the wall .
where he needed to go was a storeroom ; a very particular storeroom in fact , where all the herbs and spices were kept ... . and the fruit .
smells of herb and smells of spice , smells of fruit and all things nice .
before they left the storeroom grarrt took a leather satchel from a hook on the wall and filled it with fruit , crusty bread and smoked meat ; to this he also added a couple of fresh herb bundles which would help to preserve the food a little longer .
there was hardly anything left in the satchel , two rapples and a chunk of dried meat at the most , maybe the herb bundles , but it was too dark to tell .
i d seen her spend the day and even the night in the big tree meadow , preparing her circle , gathering her herbs and sitting for hours , quiet and still .
many stepped forward with pouches and thick bundles of dried herbs .
he also sat on a packsaddle with food , water , 4 daggers , 1 small axe , flint and some healing herbs .
a disease swept through the descendants of za and despite all of their herb knowledge , they could find no cure for it .
monika got out a pack of healing herbs and soon they were all feeling a little better .
they prepared that nights dinner , using as little supplies as possible to prepare for a siege that was surely to come , and they gathered herbs and medicines , for the many wounded men that were surely to come .
sadly for him , wolfbane was an expert herbalist and knew the perfect ingredients for any kind of poison especially those made with the herb called wolfbane .
iron hooks were placed all over the walls and these hooks held a vast assortment of herbs , flowers , bones , skins , charms , and various odds and ends that had been tossed on for some reason .
she pulls out a bundle of herbs which she says well be using for the cleansing .
a memory of himself dabbling with herbs in his grandfathers herbal shop resurrected in his mind .
he ordered more food , and soon the waiter brought a bowl filled with carrot corn soup , and a plate with roasted chicken breast , seasoned with green herbs , gravy , and a bed of lettuce .
just an incantation and a sprinkle of magic herbs , and it would make any glamour permanent .
underground , the air became warmer and smelled of a mixture of candles , sawdust , spices , and herbs .
clad in shawls and dresses decorated with glittering metals , the women chattered and cooked over cauldrons , adding fresh herbs to their concoctions .
` ` but there 's nothing but dried herbs hidden hereno silent deal , no exit ! ''
that done , shelly sat at the table sipping herb tea and wondering how soon the end of the world was coming .
from the ceiling , her hanging herbs and creature skeletons started shaking , and the pungulates she kept in the rafters started hissing .
loora pressed ineffectually through the crowd -- she wished she were more imposing , but she was n't -- and got to aughra 's herb cupboard .
` ` the old woman shoved loora aside and retrieved the herbs herself .
taking a good pinch of herb from each , aughra chewed them together into a pair of soggy lozenges , dipped them in spiderhoney and pushed them into the lolling mouths of the two sick grand - gelfs .
she stuffed the whole jars ' worth of the herbs into her mouth at once , chewed as hard as she could , spat them back out and handed the mush to the elder , who took it reluctantly .
in the old woman 's other hand were bundles of plucked healing herbs .
` ` these herbs , '' uncle embling said .
the scent of the chinese herbs contained within the tea she drank three times daily always brought back those jasmine scented memories .
here , there were no blessing herbs , no giving thanks , and certainly no official wise one .
there was the smell of mint ; he must have rubbed the herb leaves into the wood .
moonbeam also did well with her herbs and natural potions and although they never spoke about it she did very well from her huge collection of ' magic mushrooms ' and of course her handmade candles .
what were those herbs your mum put in the salad ?
they were offered a small choice and decided together to try moonbeam 's home - made veggie burgers in soda bread buns with fried onions and a spicy herb relish .
sunny helped his mother every season do the rounds of the caravan sites selling candles and natural herb potions .
he might need some chinese herbs , he almost thought , to get through it .
my fire dust is only herbs , science really .
their plan was to trade for herbs , spices , livestock , and anything else that would prove useful .
aylan could hear her various vials clink together as millies plump fingers rummaged around in the satchel of herbs .
aylan eyed it doubtfully as she got ready , collecting various pouches of herbs and vials of pastes and liquids .
the small band of friends moved away from the thyme and continued to pick other herbs and ingredients .
he had gone beyond herbology , teaching her how including different metal filaments would produce colours in the flames that the herbs would nt .
people will push herbs called cloves into the orange , then offer it to another to remove with their teeth .
with heat and air , dry these herbs .
by solving all of our problems at once , aylan remarked , we make a mixture of herbs that will block only scrying , not possession .
we will need some herbs from the forest , and we will need help packing the pouches .
he entered a nearby tent full of herbs , spices and charms .
it was odd for a castle servant to be in her tent anyway , since the kings kitchen used only herbs grown in the kings forest .
the herbs were freshly gathered this afternoon , said isdemus .
my plan was to plant half of it with herbs and vegetables which i would use to come up with new recipes for my cooking club .
you can sprinkle them with herbs or a little parmesan or sea salt .
there came the smell of freshly baked bread always a winner followed by a variety of herbs and spices , all mingling together to form an intoxicating blend that made ryan feel rather heady .
however , there is one in the herb shop , but it has only been approved for business use .
you live with philip king , the herb dokter ?
he hurt his leg in a buggy accident two years ago and your uncle treated it with an herb of some sort .
he gave her some herbs to take too .
philip asked , grabbing a quick snack out of the fridge before returning to the herb shop next door .
she opened the door of the herb shop and waited for philip to finish up with his customer .
philip ceased his interrogation and allowed danika to help out in the herb shop for the rest of the day .
philip did n't think she 'd be using the telephone in the herb shop , but figured he 'd better cover all his bases .
psalm 127:3 philip had entrusted the herb shop to danika 's keeping again .
philip had taught her about each herb in the shop and its usage .
the part danika liked best about working in the herb shop was conversing with the customers .
naomi had been taking some herbs during her pregnancy too .
< > < > < > jacob yoder came stomping into philip 's herb shop with eli behind him .
philip called to danika who was closest to the herb shop .
there were no trinkets here like up front , only herbs and weapons , extracts and books , and oldness .
he leaned closer to me and i inhaled his intoxicating aroma , something earthy , something herb - like , but something sweet as well .
it reminded me of fresh air and herbs .
there were little bits of purple flakes that looked a lot like sleeping potion herb .
she flavored it with various herbs and spices , and i must say that i can not tell that it had been on someone elses plate previously .
i was the one in charge of picking aromatic herbs and succulent capers from the garden outside the kitchen .
copper pots and bunches of dried herbs hung from the ceiling rafters .
i ve heard of these so called herbs from the older rebels fairy tales .
she outstretched her arm , holding a jar filled with herbs .
his voice held guilt as he grabbed half - filled vials and dried herbs , returning them to their cupboards .
magic shops plotted this section of town , along with comic book stores , book and movie sellers specializing in sci - fi , fantasy and the paranormal ; fortunetellers , and herb shops , which sold touristy things like love potions .
jessie implored , but there are all kinds of alternative treatments herbs , vitamins , acupuncture ...
he will not only be able to pass me a message but will know how to preserve the herbs until i can collect them .
now lets see if i can provide you with a reason to search for my herbs .
i ' ve been collecting herbs for miraz , but i need a little traveling money .
if memory serves , when last we met there was some discussion of ... rare herbs ?
miraz walked up to survey the herbs , but his nose was level with the bench .
liam did n't know if he should offer to lift miraz up on the bench or if they should move the herbs to the sand .
the walls were filled with long shelves of jars , there were hanging herbs she winced .
kay ripped a piece of warm bread from her loaf , spreading a square of the fresh herb butter onto it , keeping her mind in focus .
the herbs are over there , in the - yes , in the third drawer , agreed reese with a smile .
the herbs i slipped into his food have done their job ; his legs move , but he is no more aware than a sleepwalker .
hours of soaking in a concoction of milk , honey , and enchanted herbs stolen from the forests of goldun kept her skin young , healthy , firm , and kissed its paleness with a luminescent glow .
i woke up in the middle of the night with someones hand over my mouth , a hand that smelled vaguely of earth and smashed herbs .
she bent over her herbs , checking their leaves , plucking a few free before sticking them in her mouth .
they stopped in an herb shop to stock up on medical supplies .
lining the walls were shelves covered in all different types of herbs and liquids .
she had seen aunty hang herbs from their ceiling to dry them before , but she had never seen so many at the same time .
people pay for her skills , not her herbs .
some of them were dull , like the butchery where they got more dried beef , but some were just as neat as the herb shop .
she scooped up the bag with the dragon weed sticks and other herbs she had dropped on the way by .
she reached into the bag of herbs and took out a flint and a stick of dragon weed .
time to give her a taste of her own herbs .
dried herbs hung from the ceiling and clay bottles stood on the floor near the walls .
i was pulling up some herbs !
it was filled with jars , herbs , and boxes in which joyah assumed were different things for patients .
she bustled around organizing the jars and herbs in the room .
after they ate , joyah gave mony five coins and some herbs she did nt think were common around that area .
shed be mixing some herbs to keep her hands busy .
some herbs hung from hooks on the right wall .
the far wall had a table covered in small clay pots , different herbs , and bandages .
colorful herbs , most of which joyah did nt recognize , hung in bunches from the ceiling .
the inside of the hut was nt much different from the healers , minus the jars and herbs .
how d you get the herbs from the ceiling ?
ruen would create smoke with all those herbs and such of his so shed be able to escape .
my brother has a prize pig , and just before i left , we caught a neighbor trying to feed it weeds and special herbs to make it lose weight .
he always had a pot , some herbs , barley for drink , dried beef , fruit , bread and cheese in his saddle bags in case of emergencies .
but though they could give her good herbs and kind care , it was as if she was gone from them .
she smelled of mint herbs .
amaya would need a lot of herbs and oils to heal him .
food , herbs , clothes .
i entered the kitchen and this time , i focused on finding the herb that would make me sleep .
i found the herbs and immediately went to dicing the tubers , juicing them up , and pounding the leaves .
they gave you loads of herbs and packed it with this grey mud stuff which stopped it from spreading .
because the kitchen was so small it seemed well stocked , herbs and spices line the shelves , the turmeric and coriander mccready used in the curries which his father taught him how to make , cinnamon and nutmeg for the cakes baked to his mothers recipes .
and the potent chemical is gink , an herb you are experiencing an allergy reaction to your herb , giggles .
and the potent chemical is gink , an herb you are experiencing an allergy reaction to your herb , giggles .
could he prove the age of herb ?
along the way , we chatted about the weather , the latest movies , and , of course , recently deceased herb the chicken .
from there , i drove to the newspaper office to check the voicemail messages , but there were only a few calls , mainly inquiries about a memorial service for herb the chicken .
so by boiling a concoction of herbs , roots , and animal parts , while reading the right spell out loud into the pot , we should be able to create something that will make my sixth sense much more sensitive .
a lot of the store is devoted to candles , some to dried herbs , and a shelf near the back holds jars and vials of various animal parts .
its resting on glowing coals and there are clothes soaking in water that smells like a concoction of fragrant flowers and herbs .
she applied the last of her herbs from ocran to his wound just this morning .
more than mere glop o herbs could have managed , stas said , squinting provocatively at tatiana .
it looked like another guest room , larger than his own , but it was stuffed with cabinets and dressers , and held two long , sturdy tables , one of which was clear and the other cluttered with many containers , instruments , and bunches of herbs .
she was chopping and mashing together a mixture of dried and fresh herbs .
she poured the water over the herbs in a bowl and stirred .
my cousins and i used to play at soldiers out back while our mothers fried up the fish with onions and herbs .
well , i do n't really know how to explain it ... kind of like alternative medicine , herb healing ... . those type of things ... oh , yeah i understand .
there was a strange aroma floating in the air , of herb and spices .
she knew all of the herb types and could see into the heart of others without the need of clairvoyance rituals .
this conversation reminds me that i need certain herbs for the new ritual that i am preparing .
when she reached the top of the stairs she turned around and took one last glance at the altar , at the shelves full of herbs and books and whispered goodbye to a part of her life that had been taken from her even before it had begun .
we had to make do with oils , herbs , whatever we could think of that would help preserve the skin .
shelves hang on the wall , filled with candles , jars of dried herbs , and health food .
damien helps me into the bathroom to bathe in the special herbs he has gathered .
zeke leads me over to a table filled with bottles of herbs .
the scent of the mixed herbs fills my nostrils , drowning out the salty air .
a quick survey shows that there is water , fresh bandages , and a pestle and mortar present , as well as the herbs .
take the herbs that you need to heal the birds wing , zeke says .
my hands are flying back and forth , mixing herbs , crushing them , and making a paste .
i apply the herbs to the wing and soothe the cawing bird .
for they said she turns down all suitors and lives alone , and keeps a black cat , and gardens and grows herbs and mandrakes amidst the cabbages .
jeremy told me he went over to jessies to buy some herb and they had a shotgun and a handgun just sitting on the table .
possibly it was some sort of hallucination , i d smoked some herb earlier that day .
no man , we just want to buy some herb .
we got some herb and we were gon na smoke you out .
i finished my cigarette and i was nodding off when don and michael popped out of the hole laughing and smelling of herb smoke .
it was rich and fragrant , heavily spiced with exotic herbs , and sweet to the taste .
luckily , i am versed in herbs and there was a batch of antidote in my things .
here stood the eternal flame , kept burning with rare aromatic herbs fed by the keepers of the temple , both students and priests .
such a powerful mind he has , he thought this particular day as he sat at his table observing edak grinding and mixing dried herbs together .
i plan to harvest these herbs to sell , which should earn enough for the voyage back home .
by the time the vessel had crossed the sea , gone up the river and docked at his village in mu , he had planned precisely where his herb garden would be , in a place near his mothers house .
he swung his sack of possessions up over his shoulder , a parcel no bigger than what he had brought to atlan , but for a few extra items : herb seeds , a yellow silk tunic for ogra , an ivory flute for klad , and a brass bell for ropl du meh to call his students .
edak busied himself clearing the land he had chosen to grow pharmaceutical herbs .
his manner was caring and gentle , his advice was good and his herbs were effective .
he should have known better than to leave untested herbs out where any animal could eat it .
edak had recently contributed one himself , a treatise on healing herbs .
i am not going to burn it and i am not going to gather herbs .
i enjoy helping others , with herbs , and with the sacred energy .
i share my knowledge of herbs and healing , but no , i am not for hire .
he wore immaculately clean clothes , clean and tidy footwear , did n't smoke or drink alcohol , was vegetarian and brought herbs into town for his clients .
the next day he took a train trip to nuwara eliya further into the mountains and spectacular scenery , passing tea plantations and plantations for cinnamon and herbs , coffee , coconut products and things sri lanka is famous for .
he spewed the bitter herbs across the table to hysterical , squealing laughter , before loping off to retch at the water fountains .
you got ta say de charm , dough , say de charm over de right herbs , or it ai nt gon na come to nuttin .
uncle herb , please , the man replied .
too much cake , beer and uncle herb , but ill hold up .
asha , the woman who had introduced her to the bible study , had suggested microwaving an egg with some herbs in a little container .
in the 1940s , when she was just seven years old , her mother took her into the jungle on the mainland to collect herbs , spices and fruits .
marloque , it seems between your herbs and salves and leynas ministrations , sevilens arm seems to be getting better .
the plastic bottles were filled with dried herbs and spices .
she also uses the same herbs and roots to protect you from evil .
she has some herbs to give you .
heather speaks , on the table are packages of herbs for each of you .
and what about heather giving us each a bag of herbs to protect us from evil ?
i can smell burning roots , herbs , and sweet flowers .
entering the eatery my nostrils twitched with the smell of garlic and herbs , very nice indeed .
monks of the monastery , perched on top of a cliff above the houses , came to the town market daily to exchange herbs , fruits , and pottery they had made for other goods .
everybody recognized roberto the hermit who lived in a wooden shed in the mountain , who was in the habit of gathering mushrooms and herbs and of exchanging them for bread and milk at the market .
first though , he stopped at his favorite spice emporium owned by old hassan and his son , filled with fifty or more kinds of spices and herbs and carrying his favorite ras el - hanoot mixture to use in cooking .
the flask was where i had left it , but now it contained a substance like wax or resin , pale yellow in colour and faintly aromatic , redolent of spices or exotic herbs .
the table is set banquet style , with limes , herbs , salad , chillis , flatbread and candles while the view from the balcony overlooks the lights of the city below .
i told her how david was going to kill niti , and how the whole place reeked of herb smoke .
overwhelming it all were the smells of the kitchen - pungent olive oil and onions and garlic and herbs , black pepper and oregano .
with a flourish she laid before them fried squid and goat cheese and stuffed grape leaves and octopus and wooden bowls of melidzanosalata , her baked eggplant puree flavored with garlic , onions and herbs , not forgetting her speciality , pink taramasalata made of mullet roe and olive oil .
he stoked herbs into a smoldering fire , creating pungent smoke .
gathering a few smoldering herbs , he began to encircle the totem .
it was a concoction of special ground herbs .
the weekend prior pruett tested the effects of valerian , an herb with natural sedative properties and , more importantly , not part of basic toxicology screening protocol .
chapter twelve the aroma of freshly ground herbs , accompa - nied by a strong undercurrent of garlic , rose from the pot and permeated the kitchen .
he removed a corded metal teapot looking thing and set in on my desk , then put a couple small ziploc baggies stuffed with herbs beside it .
he was putting herbs in the teapot .
yes but did he tell you that i took some herbs to him ?
did you slip the herb into his meal ?
i ve never known those herbs to work .
sarah looked from her husband to her mother , trying not to believe that the herb they d mixed in philips food these past two weeks had had anything to do with his apparent recovery .
auntie maggie made sure they always had a plentiful supply of her magical herbs and a few sprinkles over oatmeal seemed to make him feel so much better .
he stretched near the herb garden and the statues up at the castle .
since i have grown it myself in my herb garden , i put the seed , watered , cared for it , and then harvested it , the experience is much greater .
i made it myself from herbs and other ingredients .
asha fiddled with a bottle of herbs , her body stiff with anger .
he passed a booth that was selling rare medicines , their flashy colors boasted good health , love herbs , as well as various small bottles full of odds and ends .
you brought me a jar of herbs ?
not just herbs , they re going to make arrissa fall in love with you .
the herbs only work if the girl has some attraction toward you .
he dumped the herbs in onions hand and stepped back .
onion stared down at the multi - colored herbs looking apprehensively at jackon .
onion fingered the herbs in his hand .
she vaguely remembered an herb that shuro had told her about .
if she could get the herb to the king , him and his men could aide her as she captured the pup .
he touched the small pouch of herbs .
why had he never heard of these ancient herbs that allowed them access for a short period of time ?
the girl did nt know how long the herb would work which made him nervous .
so , when he finally comes into a lot of coin and a powerful herb to lure the girl he loves , he takes a chance .
` ` could you gather a few herbs from the garden ? ''
lend stopped to gather the herbs his mother desired when the hair on the back of his neck prickled .
garlic herb french fries ?
she asked , pulling out the cans of tomato sauce and herbs .
mr . liu bing , the proprietor , was a very old man with bowed legs and a wisp of grey beard who waited on the only other person in the shop in a slow and yet efficient manner and only turned to face me when that woman had taken her small brown envelope of herbs and closed the door behind her .
a well spoken prayer and a choice concoction of the various medicinal herbs i carry for such purposes is all i can offer the simple folk whose minds have been so abused by my quarry .
immediately when i came to back in my bed at the dingy hostel i filled my pipe with a mixture of herbs and shrooms , lit him up and offered him to the four directions .
stunned and now - in my mind at least - a criminal on the run , i got out and helped to dig as he carefully unloaded our cargo , muttering softly all the time and sprinkling what looked like herbs of some kind over each and every head and body part as he handled them .
she then rose once more and started bustling about the place , picking out handfuls or pinches of herbs , leaves and powders from various jars and pots .
there was only a pinch or two of herbs in there .
these herbs were strong and long lasting and without taking a hell of a lot of care - more so than usual - i could find myself sailing the waves of eternity with a broken mast .
i knew immediately that i d come across a power place , where the earths heartbeat was particularly strong and i scattered some herbs on the ground in recognition of this .
on it were three drinks , a plate of raw meat and some sort of herbs .
uncle cen took the herbs and crushed them for a minute before mixing them with the raw meat , when he was satisfied he put the lot down for wolf , herbs good for healing , taste like shit , then laughed .
natasha handed a plastic container to me filled with miniature bags of cumin , turmeric and other herbs and spices ; all sealed inside under an air - tight lid .
only the kitchen held a sense of being lived in , the fridge was well stocked and the island counter held a variety of good wine , sprinkles , spices and herbs .
either creative director jim has been smoking some strong herbs or the applicants must have sugared their rsums like donuts .
father makes this from salal berries and some herbs .
perhaps an herb of some kind ?
overhead , strings of plant fiber stretched between upright posts , and from these hung very large quantities of salted and drying fish , herbs , and meat .
overall , the longhouse had a smell that was peculiar but not unpleasanta meat - market aroma that mingled smoke , cured flesh , and essences of spicy herbs and cedar in an intriguing way .
but if i could get just a little of each herb that goes in the recipe , mckean pleaded .
so while some ordinary joe may believe that he voted for a presidential candidate because their views aligned on federal spending and illegal immigration policy , what had actually swayed his vote was the soft voice in his head that had whispered , he has the same nose as your uncle herb , and you always liked your uncle herb , so this guy is probably a good guy too !
so while some ordinary joe may believe that he voted for a presidential candidate because their views aligned on federal spending and illegal immigration policy , what had actually swayed his vote was the soft voice in his head that had whispered , he has the same nose as your uncle herb , and you always liked your uncle herb , so this guy is probably a good guy too !
they respond to herbs and stuff .
doctor marco santino had just returned from an expedition to the borneo jungles and was seeking to blend the finest tobacco with a swath of the herbs he had gathered in his forays .
who the hell serves herb tea for breakfast ?
also , if she is taking any kind of herbs or oils like flaxseed or fish , get that information too .
the substance contained a mixture of rare fungus , amphetamines , herbs , and baby powder .
that s when he and hachika , his father figure of the early years , began experimenting with herbs and minerals .
you shoulda heard that girl play herbs fiddle .
when we arrived back at the table , the servants immediately brought platters of delicious smelling roasted pig rubbed with honey and herbs .
david did nt know if curses worked , but shed guaranteed success and if the spell did nt work shed refund the money he d spent on herbs .
while the herbs burned , he twisted a lock of katys hair that he d stolen from a brush in her bedroom .
the old witchs herbs were a hell of a lot better than the crap he d bought from the naked chick .
he pulled his pipe out with shaking hands and struggled to light up the herbs inside of it .
he stamped out the lit herbs on the floor and walked angrily out of the house .
without expression she forcefully took my arm and pulled me into a dusty , damp side room filled with oils and dried herbs .
inside the square were a white candle , a large empty bowl and several small bowls containing what looked like salt and herbs .
releasing her , he took herbs from the smaller bowls and dropped them into the large one , chanting words she did nt understand .
three drops of her blood dripped onto the herbs inside .
the air filled with the rich , illicit scent of the burning herb .
i also have herbs for a lot of different illnesses ; is there anything that s ailing you ?
he put some herbs inside and added some cold water .
when the water boiled , he filled up the tiny cauldron and added another spoonful of herbs .
the sweet , skunky scent of herb filled the suburban .
over breakfast i 'd heard her tell my mother that she 'd decided the proper remedy would be a strong dose of castor oil , lemon , and some black herb she grew in a window box .
there was a health - food store that sold herbs a few blocks away .
` ` some crazy herb .
those deemed '' witches '' by the church included all female scholars , priestesses , gypsies , mystics , nature lovers , herb gatherers , and any women '' suspiciously attuned to the natural world . ''
nora bought organic herbs there , for what reason he 'd never been certain .
nino thrust another bite at his quarterback , then continued , pointing , ` ` and then we have culatello , from the pig 's leg , pulled off the bone , only the best parts , then covered in salt , white wine , garlic , lots of herbs , and rubbed by hand for many hours before stuffed into a pig 's bladder and cured for fourteen months .
they ordered baked lasagna , ravioli stuffed with herbs and squash , ravioli smothered in a cream sauce , fettuccini with mushrooms , fettuccini with a rabbit sauce , and anolini .
what can he know of catalepsy , and thought - transference and the sixth sense of fish , of birds , of negroes ; the deadly meaning of a white chicken 's feather , a crossed stick in the road , a little leather bag of bones and herbs ?
built in the shape of an l , the sprawling complex has eighty - eight vaulted rooms divided into hundreds of stalls , where local merchants zealously hawk a mind - boggling array of edible pleasures from around the world - spices , fruits , herbs , and istanbul 's ubiquitous candylike confection , turkish delight .
he began to distill drugs from herbs , and soon his neighbors began coming to the little laboratory to buy remedies for whatever ills bothered them .
there were grilled flank steaks marinated in soy sauce , garlic , and herbs , served with baked potato , salad , and a perfect red wine .
he grabs billy by the back of his shirt and heaves him against a rack of powdered herbs and fish fixin 's .
the scents of cheese mingled with those of fresh meat , root vegetables , pungent herbs , and plucked fowl .
inside , el achab sat on a stool grinding herbs into powder with a mortar and pestle .
his free hand pressed the poultice of herbs to his fresh wound , and he could feel the blood coagulating , the pain receding .
apparently , following monition club tradition , that meal was taken on an enclosed brick terrace , which overlooked a cloistered atrium whose center was as neatly laid out as an herb garden , though this time of the year there was scarcely anything to see but fallow ground and a geometry of low cast - iron fences , presumably to keep the mint out of the sage .
there was something planted in the cloister , an herb or spice , whose scent he found pleasant and familiar .
the sweet herbs from the hills still brought full stomachs - perhaps filling one of their own .
kerbsides were being hosed ferociously , steam rising from pavements drying in the sun , and the fragrance of herbs boiling in oil wafted through the narrow streets from carts and concessions screeching for attention .
by offering him your breasts and misused tunnel - of - corruption , withholding , withdrawing , until the herbs make him mad ! '
these days , many of the city 's once comfortable middle - class manned these lowly stalls where everything from herbs to hot foods and used plumbing pipes were sold .
again , he had been right , for he found a man who needed both his money and his considerable talents : a senator from idaho who had begun to raise his startlingly sonorous , impassioned voice , saying things herb dennison fervently believed in , yet a politician who could laugh and amuse his growing audiences while at the same time instructing them .
' well , he 's a ` ` professor '' , herb , but he 's not your average run - of - the - mill teacher , is he ?
understood , herb ? '
' thanks for the ` ` herb '' .
the president gratefully concurred ; he would have herb dennison take care of the arrangements .
in herb dennison 's defence , he may have run a tight , pretty autocratic ship , but his navigation was n't always accurate ... now we come to our chief law enforcement officer , the guardian of our nation 's legal system .
' oh , herb dennison and that medal of freedom . '
i followed her into the garden , moving slowly along the footpaths as she pointed out the herb patch and melons and all the other delicious fruits and vegetables she and esau tended to with great care .
another vendor , an old woman , was peddling herbs and roots .
she lit the gas oven , then took a whole chicken from the tiny refrigerator , buttered it and sprinkled it with dried herbs , and put it in the oven to roast .
( the housekeeper had taken all the herbs and spices off their rack to wash it , and she had put everything back in the wrong place . )
he starts up the road , hair flopping ( his days of styled cuts at chez - chez on rodeo drive are long behind him now this is the coulee country , and when he thinks of it at all , he gets his hair cut by old herb roeper down on chase street next to the amvets ) , his gait as loose and lanky as a boy 's .
i was going to grow herbs in terra - cotta pots outside my kitchen window .
the medical staff treated him with herbs , but within hours the man became feverish and writhed in agony .
i liked how it fired , how it felt , how it did n't jam even though i put two hundred rounds through it on the practice range , and i 'd been very close to sealing the deal when herb was overtaken with a particularly terrible bout of food poisoning , publicly erupting at both ends .
there was a knife inside the small wood box - a medicine chest filled with herbs and tinctures - sitting on one of the newspaper - lined shelves .
he hammered on the door and , having been granted reluctant admission , had pietro laid on a table covered with a palliasse in the doctor 's consulting room , from whose beams a baffling number of different dried herbs hung in organized bunches , giving the room a pungent smell .
dottor torella received them in a spacious surgery on the aventine , whose ceiling was hung with herbs but also with strange creatures - dried bats , the little corpses of desiccated toads , and a small crocodile .
finally they reached the shadowy room , festooned with mysterious instruments and phials of brass and glass , ranged along dark oak tables and hanging from the ceiling along with clusters of dried herbs , where their family doctor had his surgery .
let my teaching drop as the rain , my speech distil as the dew , as raindrops on the tender herbs , as showers on the grass ; for i proclaim the name of the lord !
captain jimmy and copilot herb might have seemed like goofball knuckleheads , and maybe they were in all other aspects of their lives , but by the way they handled that plane during takeoff , landing , and one bit of turbulence over virginia , i suspected they could land a dc-10 on the tip of a pencil in the middle of a typhoon .
` ` flour and other ingredients everywhere , the clang of pots and pans , the clack of dinnerware , the smell of italian seasonings or spicy herbs from the entrees competing with the vanilla and lemon from the dessert area . ''
inez seemed enraptured by the passing scenery , so he was taken by surprise when he finished his call and hung up and she suddenly turned back to him and asked , ` ` who is herb ? ''
he 'd heard her speaking to someone , and been half aware of her moving to the table and back to the door , but had n't paid her much attention as he talked to first bastien and then herb .
` ` herb said that she 'd be no more than fifty feet away , '' thomas said with a frown as he glanced around .
thomas began to speak next to her and inez listened absently as he talked with his friend , herb , and asked him to track the phone again .
he had herb repeat them twice to make sure he had them fixed in his memory and then thanked him and signed off .
slinging her purse strap over her shoulder , she stood and murmured , ` ` thomas , i think we should move on and call herb for another set of coord- '' ` ` no , no , love .
` ` yes , '' herb said impatiently .
` ` they are , '' herb answered .
` ` herb , tell me everything that you know after i called you from the restaurants , '' he said grimly .
you were in the bathroom or something , '' herb said and then fell silent for a moment before saying , ` ` you were n't in the bathroom were you ? ''
` ` first , '' herb answered , sounding curious .
` ` that 's fine , '' herb assured him .
his gaze slid to the bathroom door as he heard the shower come on , and then he assured him , ` ` i 'll call herb right now and head out as soon as he has coordinates for me . ''
after hanging up , thomas stood and paced around the room as he waited for herb to call back with coordinates .
` ` you said she was over here in europe on a case , maybe that 's forced her to work during the day , '' herb suggested .
` ` i know , it does n't feel right , '' herb muttered .
i did n't want to turn you on your back to lay on your wound , but could n't feed you the way you were , and then herb called with new coordinates . ''
` ` that was herb .
` ` herb said the location turned up the same the second time he checked it while you were on the way to the park .
she was doing something with a brass incenseburner , adding pinches of powder and what looked like herbs to it .
the faint outlines of my kitchen echoed in my memory before they became real , and the woody scent of herbs and copper cleaner tickled my nose .
but the kitchen held no comfort even though my glinting spell pots and herbs made it mine .
` ` sounds like you ' ve had your eye on it for a while , '' i said , brushing the used bits of herbs off the counter and into my hand .
i ' ve tried hanging up fragrant herbs but they sort of dissolve . '
he shared with his wife the curious but unshakeable conviction that anything with herbs in it was safe and wholesome and nourishing .
her natural fragrance and the faint aroma of herbs and flowers that drifted from her skin and hair seemed to surround him like arms holding him close .
she needed fuel , herbs , sutures , various supplies , and , most of all , blood .
raven lit the candle mikhail produced , then lit pungent herbs .
the chant , the scent of herbs , and the flickering candlelight also seemed familiar .
this one is skilled in the black arts and the use of herbs and power stones .
someone had scattered earth and sweet - smelling herbs over her body .
she did n't want to go too far in case raven needed her protection , so she walked along the pathway to her herb garden .
it smelled pleasant , with the aroma of herbs mixed with the natural fragrance of the earth .
he knew every healing herb and every poison root .
` ` it is not alcohol ; it is an herb mixture for your headache . ''
he crushed sweet , healing herbs around the bed , covered her small , still form .
again he crushed healing herbs , then thrust her more deeply into sleep .
` ` funny , sort of sick to my stomach , like i should eat something , but the thought of food makes me ill . you gave me one of your herb concoctions , did n't you ? ''
was it simply mikhail 's company , or was it something in the herb concoctions he was always pouring down her throat ?
mikhail loomed over her , a dark shadow holding one of his herb concoctions in his hand .
he crushed herbs into a bowl , dumped the mixture into her bathwater .
behind him , jacques heard the murmur of voices , smelled the sweet aroma of soothing , healing herbs .
carpathian soil , so rich in healing properties , was mixed with herbs and saliva from their mouths and placed over the wounds .
` ` go , byron , for the herbs .
healing herbs were crushed , some lit .
in the cellar they set up a healing bed , used herbs and incense , covered the mattress in three inches of earth .
he lit candles and crushed a variety of herbs to fill their chamber with soothing , healing sweetness .
father hummer 's herbs , so carefully kept in tins , lay in a heap on the floor of the kitchen .
i will need your herbs , mikhail . ''
the need for sleep was almost overpowering and jacques was waiting for the herbs .
distorted , clawed hands hung the bag of precious herbs around the thick , muscular neck , and then the wolf was in a dead run , racing the climbing sun as it burned away the thick cloud covering .
gregori 's cool silver gaze slid over him as mikhail relinquished the herbs .
gregori crushed and mixed herbs , adding them to the mixture around jacques 's neck .
fresh blood tainted with something else , some herb she did n't recognize .
` ` only herbs , my dear , herbs that will confuse you a bit , but will ensure that my friends have plenty of time to study mikhail .
the bedchamber was warm , and mikhail had flooded it with the essence of soothing herbs and the romance of flickering candlelight .
a fire glowed in the fireplace ; long , tapered candles emitted a light fragrance that mingled with the soothing scent of herbs .
our healing energies , ancient words of magic and healing herbs bless my sister 's body , keep it alive .
all around them , candles sprang to life and the soothing aromatic scent of herbs and spices filled the air .
prepare the bus with the necessary candles and herbs .
the soothing aroma of herbs and candles filled the air , so that each time julian took a breath , the healing scent entered his body to help alleviate the pain knifing through him .
darius took a deep breath to inhale the aromatic herbs , to carry them with him as he gathered himself into light and energy and entered julian 's body .
syndil went down on her knees to add to the richness , chanting softly while barack circled the cave , placing herbs and candles in a pattern along the wall .
the chamber was filled with aromatic herbs and candles and the rich healing soil so important to their race .
across the mineral pool , herbs floated , releasing their fragrance to add to the therapeutic environment .
they worked with herbs and candles to develop our healing powers .
while she added other herbs and ingredients , several other women lit aromatic candles .
now , braids of sweet grass and copal tree resin were added to the smoking sage on the hot rocks along with herbs so that the room surrounded them with the scents of nature .
slavica was a trained nurse and renowned for her healing skills throughout the district and for her knowledge of the local healing herbs and how to use them .
` ` slavica , perhaps you would get the necessary soil and herbs .
he was collecting herbs from a small cache they had stored in the underground chamber .
he harvested herbs , hunted animals , tried every nutritional source on himself first , often sickening himself in the process .
` ` the herbs in the water will sting at first , but you will feel better afterward . ''
use the herbs in the closet .
` ` the herbs and soil i need are in the cupboard above the couch . ''
tempest packed his wound with the mixture of his healing saliva , soil , and herbs .
i will carry her , and you bring the herbs . ''
this time he mixed herbs with the soil and saliva .
when he returned to the cavern , he prepared for her rising , crushing herbs to fill the air with a soothing aroma , spreading candles so that little flames danced on the walls and flickered invitingly .
aidan began the soft , healing chant , centuries old , in the ancient tongue of his people , while he crushed herbs around the room .
the smell of the herbs , the sound of his voice , his seeming honesty all made her want to believe he was trying to help her .
he used candles and herbs to fill the room with healing aromas .
he sat down on the edge of the bed , thankful the herbs were working their magic .
he did n't reply , instead busying himself crushing herbs in a bowl made of agate .
then he lit candles , and a smoky aroma mixed with the scents of the herbs .
the dancing flames lent soothing shadows and scented herbs to the room .
she pressed him to lie flat while she gathered more rich soil and healing herbs and mixed them with his saliva .
i found herbs and made them into soups and used different compounds in an effort to duplicate the metabolism our children have , not human yet not carpathian .
gabriel placed brice on the bed and turned to help his lifemate fill the room with the pungent odor of healing herbs .
the vampire 's tainted blood was still in his system , poisoning him , making him restless despite the healing herbs and the deep sleep he had been placed in , but he was not in danger from lucian .
gabriel filled the room with healing herbs and began the ancient healing chant .
she had it stored with the numerous herbs she grew for just such an event .
all the while gabriel chanted the healing words and the scent of the herbs filled the air .
francesca scattered healing herbs across the dirt floor and added precious soil from her homeland from the small treasure box she had guarded over the centuries .
he crushed herbs into a crystal bowl , the soothing fragrance instantly filling the room .
crushing sweet - smelling herbs into several small pots of water , he lit candles beneath each container .
the air in the room was thick with the scent of herbs , invading her senses , his voice mesmerizing her .
but she was very drowsy , her head spinning with the scent of the herbs and the feel of his hands in her hair .
the heavy scent of the herbs invaded her senses , inducing a languid drowsiness .
even the air in the chamber favored him , the soothing herbs insidious , making her drowsy .
she wanted to run , but her body was too heavy , the scent of the herbs drugging her senses .
her breath caught in her throat , and she stilled beneath him , but the soothing chant went on , and the heavy scent of herbs combined with his gentle touch prevailed .
but he was a healer , knowledgeable in herbs and chemicals , poisons both man - made and natural .
a variety of herbs were crushed , some lit , filling the air with the scent of woods and flowers .
instead he crushed herbs , soothing , healing herbs that carried the scents of their homeland to them .
gregori asked questions then , about herbs and natural healing arts on the bayou .
we used to come out here at night together , gathering herbs and bark , and we poked around looking for the monster .
he inhaled the scent of healing herbs .
it is also very common for the carpathian chants ( both the lesser and the great ) to be accompanied by the use of healing herbs , aromas from carpathian candles and crystals .
she would awaken rafael as soon as she had gathered fresh herbs and healing plants .
he examined several of the trays and baskets holding a variety of dried herbs .
eleanor , i need herbs now .
the jars were half - full of a mixture of herbs .
` ` when i tell you , set fire to your herbs .
the herbs flared up with a sharp smell , and then we three were upright again and moving counterclockwise .
a center island counter overhung with a rack of my spelling equipment and drying herbs gathered by jenks and his family took up much of the space .
the herb was a mild pain depressant and sedative to make it easier .
a shallow circle was etched in the linoleum for when i needed the extra protection for a sensitive spell , and herbs hung from a sweater rack in the corner .
the kitchen was cleaner than i ever managed when i did my spelling : copper bowls stacked neatly in the sink , the grit of salt under my feet from where she had made a circle , and a scattering of ley line magic paraphernalia and earth magic herbs .
my eyebrows rose at the package of herbs in the basket that i had n't put there .
pain showed in the tension his pleasant expression carried , and i could smell an herb that should have been prescription only but was n't because humans did n't know it was a massive painkiller when mixed with baking powder .
there was an overhead rack where i hung the herbs i was currently messing with and my spelling equipment that did n't fit under the counter , and with the large circle etched out in the linoleum , it made a secure place to invoke a magical circle ; there were no pipes or wires crossing either overhead in the attic or under in the crawl space to break it .
jenks scraped his wings , and his kids scattered , rising up through my rack of spelling supplies and herbs in a swirl of silk and shouts that hurt my eyeballs before flowing into the hall and probably out the chimney in the living room .
mmmm , is that herb bread ? ''
i watched minias touch the herbs drying on the overhanging rack , wanting to tell him to get his fingers off them .
his curly head was almost among the pots and herbs .
i could smell the ever - after on him , but combined with the herbs around me it sort of smelled nice .
the odor of acetone mixed with the scent of the herbs hanging over the center island counter , and the sound of jenks 's kids was a balm as they played hide - and - seek in the garden .
the scent of incense was n't vampiric but herbs and minerals .
they certainly did in my day , although the most they had to work with were fermented beverages and exotic herbs .
her makeshift desk with its silver technology smelling faintly of ozone looked oddly right beside my shiny copper pots , ceramic spoons , and herbs hanging from a sweater rack .
how comprehensive is your knowledge of herbs and spices ?
a handkerchief was spread across the windowsill , upon which bunches of herbs lay drying .
d the following evening at dinner , i was chomping on grilled herb chicken when billy asked out of the blue , ` ` how long will stormy be in town ? ''
the demon herb . ''
when we saw them , they were gathering the demon herb , and some of master han 's soldiers came to pick it up . ''
` ` and when master han 's soldiers come to collect the demon herb , we 'll attack and keep them from reporting it , '' dougal added .
knew , their only sustenance was some sort of drug darafer made out of the herb the villagers grew .
master han said he would employ them all if we would grow the demon herb for his friend , darafer .
torches were set up around the field , and soldiers marched about while the villagers cut off stems of demon herb and dropped them into burlap sacks .
once they had the food cooking , rajiv was left to watch over it , while howard and phil attacked the field of demon herb .
the daytime part of the plan had succeeded without a hitch , but as soon as the sun set , the vamps would have to handle the fallout when master han 's soldiers discovered an empty village and a field of demon herb burned to the ground .
smoke curled up into the night sky from the smoldering ashes of demon herb .
they 'd burned down darafer 's precious field of demon herb .
` ` how can i change you back when dr . chin and her friends have burned my supply of demon herb ? ''
` ` you saved the people at the demon herb village . ''
darafer had claimed he could n't fix guang , since he was out of demon herb .
shufti had cooked beef stew with dumplings and herbs .
it was huge , and clearly not the kind of place where people chopped herbs and stuffed mushrooms .
the house itself was situated on lushly manicured grounds , complete with sumptuous gardens filled , in part , with fresh herbs .
` ` okay , '' ethan said , indicating chloe and a long - haired girl named anna , ` ` i 'd like you two to go to the herb store and get yerba mata , guarana , hawthorn , ginseng , chamomile , and danshen .
you ca n't even place a candle or mix some herbs without my help .
matt sniffed his and smel ed ginger and chamomile as wellas less familiar scents : so this was where the herbs had been used .
` ` the herbs in the mixture you al drank worked to thin your blood and speed up your metabolism , '' he said , his voice as casual and friendly as if they were chatting in the cafeteria .
well , i know spel s for locking and warding , and i ' ve got the herbs to use right here .
` ` not to mention that you have other commitments , '' damon said dryly , looking meaningful y at the herbs scattered across the trapdoor .
she ran her hands through the herbs .
as she scooped some of the herbs back into her bag , bonnie kept smiling , and stopping , and staring into space , and then bouncing a little .
cordelia is always at the door , offering drinks , lozenges , powdered herbs .
a good knowledge of herbs and demons .
` ` now , if the herb works , that 's one thing .
but we do n't need it from humans , '' pearl said , as if she were explaining to one of her customers how an herb worked .
because they worked at the apothecary , they could get away with walking in the middle of the night ; they could easily tell anyone who saw them that they were searching for herbs and mushrooms .
was that real y an herb ?
the best herbs for aiding meditation are agrimony , chamomile , damiana , eyebright , and ginseng .
pages and pages and pages of herbs and what their properties were in different circumstances , and when to gather them , and how to use them .
gather the herbs in a gentle rain and , after drying , bind them with red velvet and gold thread .
herbs for clarity of sight , herbs for cleansing , herbs that had to be gathered under the ful moon or on a sunny day in june .
meredith focused on mixing the cookie ingredients together as matt boiled water and careful y measured dried herbs and honey to make the tea to mrs .
stefan had turned up at her house just after breakfast , this time with a list of herbs and magical supplies mrs .
she 'd passed through various stages of disbelief as stefan had tried to buy up what seemed like every single object , herb , or charm related to protection in the shop , and now had become manical y helpful .
she knew he was trying to make up for his mistake , for not tel ing them immediately that matt 's name had appeared in the herb shop , but kil ing them al in a race to get home was n't exactly the solution .
maya was holding some kind of herbs in one hand and an ancient - looking book in the other .
the place looked likea shop -- a shop with herbs and candles and crystals .
the first one translates as demon herb and the second one as tiger paw . ''
apparently it 's called the demon herb because it 's so powerful .
the guys were worried about the accursed demon herb .
's warning about the demon herb flitted through her mind .
` ` is it the demon herb ? ''
gregori wondered why master han was collecting so much of the demon herb .
why is master han collecting so much demon herb ? ''
it had to be connected to the zombie village and the fields of demon herb .
it unzipped on its own , and the plastic bag containing the demon herb flew into his hand .
` ` they do n't call it the demon herb for nothing . ''
darafer removed the demon herb and sniffed it .
he twirled the branch of demon herb between his thumb and forefinger .
he stuffed the demon herb into his coat pocket .
the potion i make with the demon herb gives them super powers and a remarkable ability to heal . ''
he 's mutating the demon herb to make a potion that gives humans supernatural powers . ''
she had her backpack now , but no samples of the demon herb or the third plant .
and i did n't get any of the demon herb or the other plant .
` ` there 's this place in vegas - adessa 's herbs and spices . ''
she pressed it in the middle , causing it to pop outwards and assume its natural shape , then filled it with water ( not from the lake , but from a bucket ) and some grass and herbs , and hung it from a stick over the flames .
hellewise looked up from her drying herbs and gasped .
just being with all these herbs and gems and amulets gave her a feeling of comfort .
and then there were the good - smelling herbs : everything you needed to cure indigestion or to call a lover ; to soothe arthritis or to curse your landlord .
as if the herbs from her bath were steaming fragrantly out of her skin .
interwoven into every piece were herb caches , tiny compartments that could be filled with potions or powders .
upstairs , thea made some herb tea in the tiny kitchenette .
thea fished in her backpack for the small herb pillow she 'd put there this morning .
all thoughts of the herb pillow vanished .
i mean , i know it 's just herbs and positive thinking- but i also , know that in the old days , there would have been somebody out there pointing a finger and calling her a witch . ''
she 'd also added a few protective herbs and an ishtar crystal , a golden beryl in a star cut with thirty - three facets , carved with the name of the babylonian mother goddess .
it was full of a thick red herb drink spiced with cinnamon and cloves .
the smell of herbs , lavender mixed with rose petals .
the rest was from a different era , vials of oils and dried herbs , along with scrolls and honest - to - goodness cauldrons .
blond hair from the cafe held up a small plastic bag filled with dried herbs and flowers .
words and herbs were one thing , but what else might she ask of me ?
other components , herbs and oils , helped enhance the magic , but for the most part , the work was all on ms . terwilliger .
my mom said from halfway across the store , smiling as she fingered a display of packaged organic herbs .
guilt slithered through me , and giving jenks a glare at his song about big - busted ladies tying their shoes , i wove through the stands of herbs and racks sporting premade charms , each having a distinctive sticker identifying who had made it .
i gasped for air , holding my bruised throat as packets of freeze - dried herbs sifted over me with light thumps .
the demon was striding across the store in his yellow robe and funny hat , kicking charms and herbs out of the way .
i had crushed herbs all over my jeans , and i slapped at them to get the flakes off .
the small island counter was covered in herbs i was experimenting with , last week 's mail stacked on a corner and threatening to spill off , and a mishmash of earth - magic spelling hardware .
i was n't going to put anything heavier than herbs on it , but at least it was n't hanging cockeyed from the ceiling .
i looked at the pile of dried herbs thinking it would be a lot easier to just chuck it out the back door , but i was afraid that if i did that , i might simply give up .
a strong herb scent was heavy in the air , though i did n't see any .
i ca n't cook , but i can chop herbs . ''
i 'd run up and down the streets until i caught the telltale scent of the herb .
flowers was wiping away the dried blood on her neck with herbs .
flowers 's herbs and i decided to make you a cup as wel .
he politely sipped his own tea , which was hot but not burning hot and made from natural y sweet berries and herbs .
flowers busily began rummaging through bundles of herbs that hung above her stove .
flowers , stuffing odiferous herbs into the crack under the door .
` ` and herbs and amulets al over it .
elena glanced back and saw the old woman pul ing down herbs with both hands .
flowers 's most important instruments - her herbs for teas , compresses , and poultices .
final y he said , head lowered , ` ` when i got the herbs i got misao 's star bal , too . ''
he also opened various drawers to pull out strong - smelling bags and stood on a ladder to pull down clumps of herbs that were strung from the ceiling .
there were deeply red - stained cloths in a pile and a smell that elena was grateful the doctor had camouflaged with herbs .
it 's an herb that protects people from vampires .
she 'd left some herbs here , a small stockpile for emergencies , and she dug around in the cabinet under the sink to find them .
she dumped the herbs into the mortar and poured a little sandalwood oil over them , then mashed everything together with the pestle .
when she tipped it over above the pile of herbs , it trickled out , leaving a thick film inside the vial .
` ` i do n't want to make the herbs too wet , anyway , '' bonnie told her , capping the vial .
the blood- and oil - drizzled herbs smoked and sputtered , letting out a hissing noise as they slowly began to burn .
she could see herself from above , her red head tilted back , the black smoke rising from the mixture of herbs and blood toward the ceiling .
through the smoke of the burning herbs , thin and wavery now , the candles sputtered .
a brass bowl full of what looked like herbs and roots sat at its center .
shielding the flame with one hand , she dipped the candle and ignited the mixture of herbs inside the brass bowl .
flowers rose stiffly and led the way out the kitchen door into her herb garden , moving more quickly than she had earlier .
flowers led her through the winding paths of her herb garden .
` ` tell me about this herb bed . ''
that 's an herb that 's supposed to protect you against bewitchment , and it can keep your mind clear even if someone is using powers against you .
at the end of the session , vanez applied special herbs and leaves to my hands , to ease the worst of the pain and toughen up my palms for the ordeal ahead .
i was hunkered down in the vitamin - and - herb aisle , studying mother nature 's remedies and filling my red plastic shopping basket with vitamin c and boxes of garlic one gelcaps , when becky finally caught up to me .
she lived for nothing but receiving guests in gracious style , seeing to it that the floors were strewn with lavender and sweet - smelling herbs , and that the wine was properly spiced , and she led the dance herself with a great - uncle who was very good at it , because my father would have nothing to do with dancing .
her eyes still wide and questioning , ivy delicately nudged a mesh sack of herbs down the counter to make room for her sword .
my boots clunked on the dark hardwood as i passed the racks of herbs to find him at a nasty - looking weed hanging in the corner beside the gnarly lengths of witch hazel .
winnie did witchy things with a bag of herbs and some talismans , while everyone watched intently and diana mopped her nose and sniffled .
karma sprinkled some kind of herb thing over him before she swept the incense toward him with a large handmade feathered fan .
it was a formula , a mixture of gold and lead and other herbs and potions , some which i knew and many which only an enchantress might know , but i knew enough to know it would kill anybody .
a cloud of the sweetest perfume enveloped me , something of green herbs , flowers , and citrus , very strong .
i like humans - especially served seared and roasted with butter and an herb crust of rosemary , sage , garlic , and parsley - and usually have little difficulty dealing with them .
the herbs were bad enough , but grinding up wolf hair and eating it ?
at least half the herbs needed for the powder were strong hallucinogens .
when i got back from my late - night delivery , i cleaned up all my herbs and tools and hid them in mrs . grogan 's garage .
` ` is that an herb ? ''
4 two mornings after that , fiji sat on her small back porch , looking at the herb garden with some satisfaction .
she sold potions and herbs .
` ` the herb , sage , is known to repel negative energy and malicious spirits .
her fake frown deepens as she slowly strolls around aislin 's room covered with bags of herbs , candles , vials of powder and other wicca ingredients .
` ` gemma , stephan knows where that is , '' aislin tells me , like i was an idiot as she tosses herbs and candles into a large duffel bag .
inside the box , are bags of herbs , a collection of candles and crystals , beads , necklaces , and other strange items that have to be wicca stuff .
in the kitchen , aislin is at the table with a bunch of herbs and leaves scattered in front of her , along with some candles and her spell book .
alex removes his jacket and sets it on the back of the chair , then puts the box of herbs and other magic stuff he picked up for aislin on the table .
in the living room , aislin has herbs and candles in front of her as she reads a page on her spell book .
i checked my belt : bandages , tape , herbs .
i touched the belt , equipped with a half dozen pouches containing herbs and silver needles .
most covens used the same herbs in their rituals .
greg 's apartment was perfect : its wards were keyed to me and greg had maintained a fair collection of basic herbs , reference books , and other useful things .
greg had kept an excellent supply of herbs in his apartment .
the head rested on the herbs .
power pulsed in it and i touched the blood to the herbs .
the streams carved their path down the face and into the herbs , mixing with a torrent of blood from the stump of the neck .
the foul flood swept the dried herbs , falling into the glycerin and spreading in uneven angry stain upon its surface .
the flesh peeled off the vamp 's face , curving in long slabs to the herbs .
i threw a plastic trash bag over the head and inverted the tray , sending the head and the herbs into the bag .
vampires required a specific diet , rich in fresh meat but also rich in fresh herbs .
dried roses and herbs hung in tidy bundles from the ceiling .
sure enough , the telltale scent of sandalwood overpowered the mingling scents of herbs and elixirs .
when i walked in she was humming a tune while she tended to a pot of some type of herb on the windowsill .
the scents of herbs and fire mingled to create a homey atmosphere .
a table fell over , sending a basket of herbs crashing to the floor .
along with his wallet and cell phone were some baggies of herbs along with several vials filled with various liquids and powders .
just last night adam had taught me about the herb 's antiseptic properties .
in her hands she held a bundle of dried herbs .
masks , large glass jars full of mysterious herbs and spices , dolls , chicken bones , bits of ribbon , and figurines with impossibly large phalluses cluttered every inch of available space .
after that , she apologized for the cluttered back seat and the heavy scent of dried herbs permeating the interior .
she poured brittle herbs from the tube into a clay pot of sorts .
a few seconds later a thin tendril of smoke wafted up from the cone of herbs .
underneath the fragrant herbs kicked up by the destruction downstairs and the musty odor of old building , the scent of fresh blood and lavender reached my nose .
while he relayed the herbs and spells they 'd tried , i stood beside giguhl , holding his claw .
the scent of herb - infused smoke spiced the air .
she waved a hand to dismiss my logic and busied herself setting out props for that night 's lesson - bundles of herbs , ceremonial daggers , the usual .
when i entered , the scent of stewing meat and herbs wrapped around me like a shawl .
in addition to protecting food from contamination and promoting fertility and freshening the breath , it was also an herb of protection .
i sighed and brushed flecks of dried herbs off my palms .
i 'd gone over my suspicions about alexis with rhea while she gathered her own supplies - potions , amulets , herbs .
now , the shelves without candles stored antique bottles filled with herbs and mysterious liquids .
anyway , there 's a kick - ass hot tub and an herb garden . ''
` ` i did n't know you did herb magic . ''
the demon juggled several candles , sprigs of herbs , and matches .
but tonight , while valva and i hunted down the herbs for you guys , something changed . ''
the air smelled of dust and dried herbs and something dark and spicy i could n't begin to identify .
drying chicken feet hung alongside bundles of sage and other herbs dried from long lines attached to the ceiling .
centennial park served as the hub for most of the atlanta covens and they liked to have herbs in ready supply .
i wore my belt with an array of herbs in small pouches , my leather wrist guards were full of silver needles , and i had taken both slayer , which was on my back , and my second saber , which i wore on my hip .
i was pretty sure they were filled with my herbs .
he started pulling herbs out of the pouches .
a simple rectangle of pale cotton lay inside the bin , displaying an assortment of herbs .
the herbs had been combined with several pounds of dried kava kava powder , bound in cloth , treated with some heavy - duty magic , and then sealed .
all those herbs packed a magic wallop even when sealed .
sinking into near - boiling hot water smelling of herbs and vinegar hurt for a split second , and then the burn inside my knee eased .
i 'd stopped there a few times when my supplies had run low , and the last time i was there ksenia boasted that evdokia had bought some herbs from her .
the herbs waited in my apartment and there was no telling how long the magic wave would last .
i pulled out a large silver platter from the cabinet , set it in the middle of the table , and collected the herbs .
in ten minutes i spread the herb mixture on the platter , retrieved the head , and set it onto the aromatic mix , stump down .
i nicked my thumb with the point of a throwing knife and let a drop of my blood fall onto the herbs .
a foul stench rose from the herbs .
thick burgundy blood slid from the tear ducts , dripping down the cheeks into the herbs , then into the pan , spreading on the glycerin in a thick dark stain .
she stepped over the attack poodle 's offering to the digestive gods and saw the head and the herbs sitting on the platter in the kitchen .
` ` herbs .
` ` well , it 's lying like a turkey on a roaster and you have herbs under it . ''
a narrow , long room full of shelves , half empty , half filled with jars and boxes of various herbs .
should n't be us anymore , not with all the herbs you 'll soon be sporting .
the smell preceded its contents , but the two herbs had been as effective as fabian promised .
i 'd already scrubbed myself enough to take off a layer of skin , let alone all remaining stench from the herbs , and thrown out my clothes that had touched them .
i also scented heavy rosemary and herbs , similar to marcy 's signature , but not exact .
here , he found a rough - hewn wooden table , a bowl made of birch bark , an eagle feather , a pipe , and several clay jars filled with herbs .
` ` it 's an herb that makes a soothing tea .
miranda , holding her little black pouch of magic herbs , led kylie around to the back .
she tossed more herbs in the air .
yet even after all the sizzle of crackling herbs , he remained the same black - and - white skunk .
the pieces of herbs left on the ground shot up in the air .
socks , raised up on his hind legs , swatted at the bits of herb .
kylie 's gaze shot back to her kitten , still batting at the sparkling herbs floating around him .
you do n't do anything but throw herbs around and the only way you can fly is on a broom . ''
the dark , dank place smelled of dirt , herbs , and death .
her throat knotted at the smell , the smell of death and then a heavy herb scent .
kylie started recounting it , from the footsteps sounding on top of the rotting wooden planks above her , to the herb smell and the scrap pieces of iron that looked like they came from the cemetery .
you said you smelled herbs and that you saw someone adding iron from the graveyard .
it was used to keep spirits from escaping , and ... the herbs , there are several that are used to silence spirits .
* * * the house smelled like herbs .
miranda tossed up some kind of herbs in the air .
however , if miranda 's herbs were in any way keeping daniel away , well , kylie could n't have that .
miranda asked after tossing up one more sprinkling of herbs .
kylie brushed a few of the tiny crackling herbs from her hair .
she breathed in a mouthful of early morning air and it came with his scent : mint , some kind of herbs , and sunshine .
she could smell him , the outdoorsy scent of wind and some natural herbs .
his aftershave , and maybe hot tea with special herbs with a hint of the expensive brandy he sipped on sundays .
candles and books lined the shelves , along with statues of magical creatures , incense , and jars of herbs .
as the story goes , he found the papers of an alchemist who came to rome searching for a mysterious herb .
candles burned about the room , and small pots resting above the heat of the flames simmered herbs and water , releasing the scents of verbena and myrrh into the air .
a long table held haphazard stacks of old books along with some jars and pots of herbs , oils , and other items victoria could not identify .
a hall on the southwestern side led into adele 's solarium , where plants and cooking herbs were grown .
lengths of tied garlic hung beside the stove and tightly sealed jars of herbs and spices stood in neat rows upon the counters .
` ` raoni jaydevik and his eldest brother , gardevik , are already executing rogue high demons , '' noff offered information he 'd gleaned earlier while searching for herbs and other medicines in what remained of the marketing district .
her personal comesuli have come to assist her and are tallying the needs in terms of money , space for the wounded and medicines and herbs to treat them .
he and niff ground herbs together to use in other medicines ; orliff found that niff 's fingers were strong and nimble as he worked , grinding herbs in a marble bowl with a steel pestle .
` ` we have herbs that will help , '' orliff nodded and smiled at lady mayarok .
` ` we can remove the splint as well ; he used that hand to crush herbs with the pestle and it did n't seem to pain him in the least , '' orliff said .
aster , briar , sage , thyme , other burning herbs .
four amaurotics came through a small door , each carrying a platter and the overpowering smell of herbs .
i see the ther through the lens of the dreamscape , and through the dreaming herb . ''
` ` it contained an herb called salvia , which made you dream your memories .
the herb that helps me touch the ther .
this one , vertical in nature , with a border of grape leaves all around : lavender blue an ambrosial mixture of fine herbs and liquors _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ bottled on the estate of carnegie bros . ltd , glasgow , scotland exclusive purveyors to his majesty , king george iii i do n't think georgie would mind awfully much my using his name in this way , having met him once and having found him a most agreeable sort of fellow , in spite of his being king of england , and all .
some were her old standards : salt , colored stones , herbs .
the last time i found this many bundles of herbs and tiny handmade dolls around , she was trying to keep macon out of my room .
but your herbs and powders are no match for the hand of a bokor . ''
her bed was covered with scrap material , spools of thread , and herbs .
i smelled something burning , and realized a handful of herbs was smoking in a painted ceramic bowl on the windowsill .
i froze , my arms stuck awkwardly at my sides as the smel of herbs and incense assaulted my senses .
they were stil pretty red - looking and while the doctor made some herb mixture that ` ` should '' help minimize the scarring , i rummaged through the cabinets .
the wild mixture of flowers and plants , all sweet and tangy , mixed with the bitterness of herbs and assaulted my senses .
` ` ah , precious , no one ever knows what 's in each bag - could be a piece of bat wing , rare and poisonous herbs , strands from a hangman 's noose - who knows ?
i spent the better part of the morning pretending to learn the fine art of healing with stinky herbs before giving up .
a scent was heavy in the air , herbs and sulfur , and smoke wreathed among the pillars , teased into wisps by breezes emanating from unseen openings in the carven walls .
sveva was chewing her cheek , worrying about her sister 's leg - she could smell the wound , even through the herb fragrance of her poultice - when she heard another snap .
the herbs were n't working .
we dish up enormous plates of brown rice , topped with meat braised and softened with crushed tomatoes and dried herbs .
aislin pointed out the window at a redbrick building with the words adessa 's herbs and spices printed across the door .
as i stared at adessa 's herb 's and spice 's , i noticed a crescent moon outlined by a black star sketching the window of the door .
inside of adessa 's herb 's and spice 's , the air smelled of sage and a few other spices that i could n't quite identify .
there was an old white and green victorian house across the road that had a sign that said isabella 's herb shop .
i wondered if it was the same kind of herb store as adessa 's someone knocked on the window , causing me to jump .
she placed a few baggies onto the counter , each one filled with a different colored herb .
she pointed at the bags of herbs .
medea 's eyes grew darker as she tossed the bags of herbs back into the box .
i stopped as she ran over to the counter and grabbed the box medea had put the bags of herbs into .
the herb box aislin had taken from medea 's flew out of her hands , sending baggies of herbs all over the place .
the herb box aislin had taken from medea 's flew out of her hands , sending baggies of herbs all over the place .
` ` there 's too many for me to transport at once , '' aislin said , gathering her bag of herbs into the box .
it was a box filled with plastic baggies of herbs , candles , crystals , beads , necklaces , and other stuff i could n't identify .
aislin was sitting at the kitchen table , a bunch of herbs and leaves scattered in front of her , along with a few candles .
she was distracted with her herbs and did n't notice when i glanced at alex .
then he sat the box of herbs that we had picked up from aislin 's room onto the table ` ` did you run into any problems here ? ''
she reached over and grabbed the box of herbs and starting digging through it .
she hopped to her feet , threw open the apothecary table , and it was filled with baggies of herbs .
the air stunk of burnt herbs , smoke , and something else i couldn t place and wasn t sure i wanted to place .
quit fidgeting , aislin said sifting through her herbs .
aislin was at the coffee table , mixing a bowl of herbs .
aislin reached for her herb box on the table .
the brothers will do their thing and probably make nick drink an herb called indian costus .
carefully he tipped a vial of the herb jai had spoken of into the cup and bent down next to nick .
if i have to endure migraines and vomiting to contact her uncle , or use the peripatos to pick up some herb that will pull her father out of a coma then i will .
herbs are healing plants and i love growing them to find ways to help people feel better .
the hot liquid smelled strongly of herbs , making my eyes water .
i wanted to lie down and cry , but the herbs were kicking in , and my depression was giving way to a numbing exhaustion .
i provided goodfellow with the necessary herbs and potions he needed to keep you from seeing us . ''
then he reaches into the pantry for several dried herbs and rubs them between his fingers before sprinkling them in .
we say blessings over the matzo , we eat the vegetables in salt water , and then the bitter herbs .
` ` just some herbs in preschool .
the world before they 'd been brought to uncle prospero 's castle , where no one spoke of the disease , but everyone carried handkerchiefs filled with herbs that were supposed to prevent the illness .
her hands are in my hair , massaging in the herb mixture that will change the color .
we could pick up a bunch of empty medicine bottles in cincinnati , pour in some colored water , maybe add a few herbs , cut it half and half with some of your good ninety proof , paste on some fancy labels , and put on a medicine show .
from a local apothecary i purchased some herbs and spices - cloves , mallow root , and the like - ingredients that i knew would not be harmful to my customers , even if they proved to be of no actual help , medically speaking .
he is going to collect herbs for his medicines , then ? ''
` ` it 's got calming herbs like chamomile , rose hips , elderberries , lemon balm , and siberian ginseng . ''
it does n't look like herbs , it just looks like tea from a cheap ol ' teabag .
i brought a lot of calming herbs with me , too . ''
inside , it smelled faintly of the herbs he used to keep his clothes fresh .
a woman in your town made tinctures out of herbs , and without her , i suspect we 'd have all died . ''
each contained dried , crushed herbs , and tegan muttered to herself as she set a kettle on the hearth , added water , then pinches of this and that .
` ` i mentioned the war , '' he said , spooning some herbs into three cups .
in the end , i bought dried meat and herbs and a lightweight pot so that we could have stew as we traveled .
the air smelled of sap and sweetness , crushed herbs and the slight musk of animal waste .
without another word of protest , as she had other patients to tend , tegan handed me a collection of dried herbs and bottled remedies .
vanne had brought the magik straight up to the infirmary and she had utilized some herbs and magik to seal caia 's wound .
for the rest of the day , nadya darned socks , scrubbed pans , chopped herbs , and strained syrups .
they opened the charm and looked through it : a small gold button , dried herbs and ashes .
` ` what about the herb ? ''
and everywhere else , wherever there was a bit of space , were papers and scrolls , jars full of herbs or liquids , brooms ... junk .
five bags of dried herbs .
marron believes the herb will lift our mood and help us all forget we 're living in a cave .
i read once in a newspaper that lady hamilton , love of the great lord nelson 's life , started out as a hooch dancer , dancing nak*d behind sheer curtains , on the other side of which old men would lie in beds hoping to be cured of the ailments of old age by the dancing of young girls amid braziers smoking with aromatic herbs .
we had to give you a partial thoracotomy to stop the bleeding - but it will heal , and i have herbs that will keep it from scarring . ''
bitter herbs sweetened with honey .
have charlie chen 's doctors , with their mysterious potions and herbs , and sidrah 's gentle words and touch brought you back from the edge of complete madness ?
we have potions ... herbs ... soothing medicines ...
to those who could not get up , he gave herbs and roots , which none of them had ever before thought of as medicines , but which the griffin had seen used in various parts of the world ; and most of them recovered .
that smelled of food ( unpleasant food , to coraline 's mind , but she knew that was a matter of taste : she did not like spices , herbs , or exotic things ) .
conversations about dad 's window - box herbs were a better choice than conversations about medical surveillance .
the air smelled of smoke , charred meat , and herbs .
inside was a soft white lump with tiny bits of some herb sprinkled on it .
some of the herbs disappeared into the mass .
the locals call her ' the herb woman . '
we should look for gerta the herb woman .
we ' ve heard of a woman in town who is good with herbs . ''
` ` the herb woman ? ''
chapter 30 herbs cole felt relieved as he climbed back into the autocoach .
` ` we ' ve come a really long way to talk to this herb lady .
` ` the crazy old herb woman , '' she replied with a small curtsy .
the herb woman used the armrests and sat down with a weary sigh .
` ` i spend most of my time here shaping herbs .
` ` i put some herbs in there as an antiseptic .
yrene kept a stash of them with her at all times , along with other herbs her mother had taught her about .
dorian found a small workroom where a young woman was hunched over a large oak table , a variety of glass jars , scales , mortars , and pestles before her , along with vials of liquid , hanging herbs , and bubbling pots over small , solitary flames .
she brought books from the gods knew where , herbs and plants and salts and powders , and every day , they researched and trained and pondered .
so he 'd taken to giving her hard - to - come - by herbs and books and special tools for her workroom .
inside , it smelled wonderful - garlic and fresh herbs and onion .
her hands still smelled like the herbs neeve had used for her divination and the herbs jimi had used to try to vanquish the herbs neeve had used for divination .
her hands still smelled like the herbs neeve had used for her divination and the herbs jimi had used to try to vanquish the herbs neeve had used for divination .
she held the plate in front of the canvas trees blue had stuck to her walls and blew on the bound herbs to direct the smoke at the art .
and smudging was the practice of using the smoke of sympathetic herbs to clear negative energy .
on the counter on either side of her were green , oceanic drifts of loose herbs .
she was already puttering around in a collection of glass bottles and dried herbs , fingers searching across the cluttered windowsill .
i had n't gotten far along the stripes when i smelled herbs .
luke leaned in , close enough that i could smell his faintly musky odor - nothing like an herb , nothing like any high - school boy - and whispered , ` ` did it start with a b ?
in each one , she held dried herbs .
` ` the herbs would not have left you so bereft , chosen one .
pushing against it firmly , she pulled the dragon 's spike loose and pressed herbs into the wound .
the herbs will be absorbed into cadmus ' bloodstream and then they 'll dissipate on their own .
of herbs and barks , of concoctions brewed from berries and leaves .
many a day the apothecary went walking to collect the herbs and leaves of the surrounding green .
cooking pans , tools , implements , a string of onions , bags of herbs , tankards , leather belts , old horseshoes - a thousand items accumulated over many lifetimes , some used and some forgotten , awaiting their time , occupied the hooks .
there they indulged in beverages made from herbs and fruits from the mountains enhanced with spices from distant lands .
he then dug cautiously into the pockets of his jacket and to everybodys delight produced three eggs and two hands full of various mushrooms and fresh herbs , which he had gathered in the woods .
the fine delicate flavors and aromas of wild birds eggs , herbs and mushrooms on the other hand would have been the pride of any fine restaurant in the irving sector and beyond .
it took two young painters , herb and lilly - fran , who were as much interested in each other as they were in painting the airplane , more than a month to apply sealant and paint to the canvas covering the entire plane .
i gave you an old navy hand as third officer , herb o'royke , herbs served in about everything afloat he 's a jack - of - all - trades aboard ship have nt found anything he ca n't do and do well .
i had no doubt that serving under jim and herb would round off any remaining rough edges .
jim , herb , dan stick around for a minute please , i 'd like to get up to speed .
god knows we deserve some after what we ' ve all been through , ok jim and herb thank you , we 'll meet tomorrow morning at nine and see where we are .
i had barely scratched the surface , in fact i had n't even made a detailed tour of the ship yet , i would eventually get around to it but with jim and herb running the show i had bigger fish to fry and i made the visit to allans office .
second i need to take the pisces out for sea trials , jim wants to put the ship through her paces , and herb needs to get in some gun crew training .
i had taken care of sam telling herb even though he 's a civilian use him anywhere he seems to fit in .
that evening with jim running the operation we put to sea , the crew scurried hauling lines and squaring away the deck under herbs watchful gaze .
i said , round up joyce and come upstairs , herb 's about to put on some fireworks .
jim said , captain herbs picked out an old stranded freighter about 8000 meters and were going to pump five rounds into her first trip .
the next morning at breakfast jim and i surmised we had probably suffered the same problem the pirates had faced on the hurst , only they had n't had herb with a hammer .
things went better that morning with the gun herb and dan had burnt the midnight oil and had done some modifications it now seemed to work flawlessly .
the next morning as dan went to collect parts and herb was overseeing the mushrooms rehabilitation i went to see allan and find out exactly where we were going .
i said , let herb in on the action .
linda your the new junior logistics officer you ll report to herb , i wo n't ask you to do anything untoward just make sure everything gets on board and is stowed properly , one of the perks , if you feel the urge is to kick the cook in the ass once in a while , i promise i wo n't look .
trucks began pulling up and unloading boxes , crates , and bags of food , by friday herb , was well on his way to checking off most of the items on the list .
we have some more shopping to do later tonight , sam found a whole i cut in , herb i do n't need to know any of the gory details at least leave me a shred of plausibility so i can look genuinely shocked when the shore patrol shows up .
we met twice a day to go over and ferret out any details we had overlooked , herb , linda and the cook tailored a provisioning list for the boat so from now on we would be able to keep track and have some idea of what we needed , refining the list as we went .
connie and i went to allans for the cookout sunday , joyce tagged along as sam was still helping herb round up supplies .
you were right herbs a go - getter saved the day .
next morning i sent for herb .
i said , tell him to see herb or linda their in charge of stores .
jim and herb kept the crew at the ready in case we had to get under way at a moment 's notice .
i talked it over with jim and herb and decided to go into the bay at port - au - prince just far enough to find some calm water for the launching .
i told jim and herb that evening .
i sent the couple out and had jim and herb come in .
jim , herb , and i paced the bridge , as did our two ensigns .
i called jim and herb in and said , it might be nothing and maybe i ' m just getting old and jumpy , but i detect an undercurrent going on around here .
i assembled jim , herb , dan , and dennis as well for i had come to value his opinions on military matters .
i went over what i had learned with jim and herb now everyone was up to speed .
jim and herb were running the ship ; vella along with his vision of empire was unceremoniously dumped over the side .
jim said , i do n't buy that sir , i was there so was herb , linda , cindy , and dan , we all agreed we would have done no different had any of us been in command .
we ventured down the coast just relaxing , enjoying the day , and letting our hair down , sam got around to spinning the tale of how he and herb had come by the truckload of meat .
herbs planted in the gardens combined with the smell of baking bread from inside the inn to create an inviting atmosphere .
not only the histories of the kingdoms but they were also required to become proficient in languages , alchemy , herb craft , and the cultures , traditions and laws of kingdoms other than their native home .
cirile had been out all day gathering herbs from the mountains .
cirile walked along the lane carrying a basket of herbs that she had gathered from the meadow higher up on the mountain .
these kingdoms yielded rich spices and herbs and the valued silk so revered by the women of the lion kingdom . ''
the herb 's fragrance , which grew in the various chinks and nooks around the garden , hosted legions of bees .
we camped there for almost a month , making friends , fishing , weaving reed baskets , collecting herbs .
she looked at her beautiful golden brown roast , shiny with herbs and basted with goat butter .
the men never come down the mountain , but sometimes the women go looking for herbs and wander too far away .
he took my place supporting tarvik while the magician ground the herbs to bits .
i had watched the neighborhood herbalist mix herbs using similar bowls and had enjoyed the clean spicy balm .
many are the herbs i interrupted her , unless you are planning to make them a formal dinner , i d like something a bit more useful to our current situation .
the miwa traded dried fish , herbs , perfumes , jewelry , finely crafted arrows , and other trade goods to the barbarians .
we keep a small herb garden here in shani for our own use .
they had told all the employees they were heading east to check on a new supplier for the herb business .
` ` she told me that the first day i helped her out in the garden when i thought i could n't cut off the tips of the herbs properly . ''
it had a rich meaty smell , but also that of various herbs and vegetables .
the lid opened to an array of fine cotton shirts , folded neatly among small bags of herbs to keep them smelling sweet .
he passed a plate of small , crusty rolls , split and filled with cheese and herbs , to neil .
some were orange in color with flecks of green herbs and pieces of tomato .
a curl of steam emerged along with the rich smell of beef , and herbs , and sherry .
ilona chewed her words like bitter herbs .
there was fresh meat and the aroma of the vegetables and potatoes mixed with the delicate herbs and spices was almost more than they could stand .
chapter 7 the flight elaina scrunched up her nose as she dumped the herbs on the table in a leafy , aromatic pile .
suddenly , elaina found she did n't mind that she had packed only one clean pair of stockings in the rush , or that she was going to smell of herbs .
he had always been better with herbs and bandages , and the girl was going to need all his skill this time .
he ushered his guest toward the only substantial piece of furniture in the room then bustled about gathering bottles from the wallsdried herbs , bits and pieces of things floating in jars , and piles of bones and dust lined the shelves from floor to ceiling .
` ` i was out collecting herbs , when i heard your men yelling .
i thought you might know the herbs and could brew or cast something to save her . ''
whatever the cargo had been , it had rotted dry years ago but the fragrance remained : herbs and spices from the far east .
it was hanging outside of an herb shop amid various other dried plants and flowers .
well bring herbs and blankets .
he s been badly wounded , but brogans herbs have helped him through his fever .
after a little more aimless wandering she came upon a stall filled with jars of creams and bottles of strangely - coloured liquids , with bunches of dried herbs hanging from the top of the booth .
she took a forkful of chicken , and was pleasantly surprised by the rich mixture of herbs and mushrooms that made up the stuffing .
the landlord fixed me up , and he bought me some herbs that were very good for the pain , but not so good for my mind .
its made from herbs , strong herbs .
its made from herbs , strong herbs .
i know some herbs , some treatments .
she busied herself lighting charcoal under a pan of water and measuring an herb she called osh into a porcelain pot .
twisting the wooden spigot of a rough clay jar , she filled them with a tan herb tea .
the dripping grease sizzled and spat on the fiery coals , filling the air with the tang of beef , venison , and pork , as well as the aromas of onions , tomatoes , hot peppers , and so many mingled herbs sylah stopped identifying and resigned herself to some abandoned overeating .
he could never understand their to - do about cleanliness ; right now he smelled so strongly of herbs it was easy to imagine him sprouting leaves .
inside she saw an assortment of bottles with what looked like herbs and spices in them .
the walls were scorched black and the hat collection that had hung on the walls was now a scattering of ash on the floor , but the valuable chests with their collections of mysterious herbs and cures , jewellery and the story mat were only slightly singed , thank goodness .
while we 're here i want to collect some of the special herbs from this part of the jungle .
i left them at the waterfall and went looking for herbs , and when i returned they were gone .
as the healer left , he gave her a packet of herbs she could use to numb the pain .
aislynn was feeling very sore and tired , and decided that she would take the herbs the healer had given her and retire .
they followed him as far as the marketplace before losing him amongst some stalls , but they reported that the area of the market he was in is the one where they sell all sorts of herbs and plants .
come , we will go into the woods and i will find the herb that will help you .
this herb is only for the stomach .
he heard rattling in the brush and looked up to see jos returning , his hands full of a gray - green herb .
the boy handed him the herb , and he chewed a mouthful slowly .
but by the time they had reached camp , the herb had done its work .
his mouth tasted of old blood and each breath brought him the odor of herb poultices along with his blinding pain .
a multitude of abrasions were covered with herbs , wraps binding them .
inside were a number of what looked like salves and herbs of various kinds .
after listening to thorn describe the pain in his arm he took some herbs and some seeds and ground them together with a mortar and pestle .
four soldiers carried it wrapped in white muslin on a litter , which emanated a strong odor of the herbs and oils used to preserve the body .
first let me ask , i see many medicinal herbs growing all around your home .
tiffa gave them some herbs that do not mix well with liquor as it seems they disregarded her instructions .
since it rained there was nt a need to water the herbs .
she tried to sit up but the mother came closer while their daughter brought a cup of water and an herb that rouses nearly everyone .
the herbs i put into your tea .
he pulled out a ten inch long , rectangular wooden box while saying this is your new pack and is filled with medical herbs you know all about from your mothers teachings and will be good for about a week , if anything unexpected happens .
once she stopped she found cages pack filled with the food her mother prepared and her pack nearly bursting with herbs and clothes .
meeka found several herbs in an alright condition that could be used later , a full water container , her hairbrush and somehow the bedroll came undone and survived the attack .
cleaned once again , they moved back to shore and cage watched as meeka took one of his cups and a semi - long piece of rock and began crushing some precise herbs together .
pick the last of the medicinal herbs and vegetables .
not the silver talisman borrowed from his kindly gran , nor the collection of herbs and meditation scrolls to ward off evil gathered from the local wicca shop .
whilst unnecessary , some felt better in the knowledge there was an inexhaustible supply of luscious wild berries , healing herbs and flowering plants .
they feel if everyone switched to the strange herb then the advantage mexico holds in their hands would be eliminated .
thankfully , unlike most medical herbs , bava did nt taste terribly bad , having a slightly sweet flavor .
dried flowers and herbs tumbled to the floor .
following along the line a warrior passed handing out a swab of moss infused with a secret potion of herbs , honey , and fat with which he wrapped each bleeding member .
he was right , the meat had been tenderised to perfection and cooked with garlic and herbs and tasted just wonderful .
andrew took a pinch of the herb .
andrew took another pinch of the herb .
he took a pinch of the lysier herb that he always carried around with him these days .
surrounding the bag she placed precisely around it special herbs , stones , small bones and pieces of cloth that had been soaked in bobs perspiration during the time he was held captive .
crossing to a low , rough bench she grabbed a handful of dried herbs from one of the many that had been ground and stored in a series of little bowls , to be steeped as the need required .
sprinkling the herbs into a fresh clay beaker , she added some warm water from a pitcher sitting in the embers and started to stir .
i know a nice herb with a refreshing aroma and invigorating taste .
in the dark of night he wo nt see us , and with your herbs he wo nt smell us .
he knows the herbs i need .
gather your herbs quickly .
ezria has found an herb that will make him sleepy .
ezria returned to her home to find demetrius sorting through his basket of herbs .
she pulled out her mortar and pestle and sorted through demetrius pile of herbs .
are these herbs bothering your eyes ?
she searched her deepest memories of the lessons her grandmother taught her ; every recipe she learned and every flower and herb she ever tasted .
the two worked in near silence , except for ezrias occasional mutterings , demetriuss occasional questions , or ezria sending demetrius for more water or herbs .
it took many a trial and error , and a lot of wasted herbs , but she finally came up with something that sufficiently masked the taste of the sleeping tea .
demetrius deeply inhaled the steaming brew , and despite the fact that he assisted in the preparations for his mothers potion , was enthralled at how odorless the cooking meat was , especially given the variety of aromatic herbs that was used as the stock .
he unexpectedly found himself very intrigued by the power one could wield with the knowledge to manipulate simple herbs and spices .
she cleaned her hands and quickly went to her herbs .
the children brought fresh water and picked herbs for the medicine .
she sent two of the sprites off to get herbs and bandages .
she crawled up on his neck and worked to clean the wound , apply medicinal herbs and secure it with bandages .
there was also amalias scent , ink , parchment , cedar and a few herbs .
soon , the gnomes arrived , carrying pails of clean water , bandages , blankets , food , medicine , herbs and weapons .
meelix sang along as he cleaned herbs in a bowl of water .
what s the herb for ?
who sent him to find the herb ?
why was he even bothering with this annoying creature whose friends believed they could get to the gods by using some magical herb ?
he instructed the dragon to remain in the clearing with oraden and meelix , and to keep looking for the herbs until he returned .
what i really need to know is why you need this herb .
according to oraden , smokey was very distressed about not having found declan or the herbs .
oraden had to repeatedly explain that he would soon be reunited with declan and they would all help him find the herbs .
he took the other basin to the garden and filled it with vegetables and herbs .
james does nt have any reservations with herb , its just that he has now been here long enough to develop a daily routine , and sometimes he waffles when asked to jump out of the safety net of his routine .
the only things missing now are the herbs , since we figured our future healer would know best what she needed , and wellyou .
serabi walked into her laboratory and at the sight of all the potions , lotions , and herbs , she smiled , utterly content .
travelling to iquis for herbs seemed a bit over the top considering the market in ter sentra offered everything she needed , but she refused to use anything but the best ingredients for her remedies and potions , so master carbins herbal shop in limenis it was .
so no herbs for her today .
serabi produced a list of herbs from the pocket of her robe and laid it on the counter .
she was grateful for this , and it was what she thought about as she swirled the babys soiled linens in the wash tub , watching as the herb infused soap bubbles gathered obediently in lacy ribbons on the edge of the basin .
the priests had come and said prayers , and the wise women had burned herbs .
` ` herb seared scallops , over a sweet corn and mango salsa with just a hint of red chilies and crispy scallions for texture , '' alec explained , and i twisted my head to look at him , wide - eyed .
i thought back to whispered words between my parents when i was young , something about one of the servants addicted to a certain ' medicinal ' herb .
this is an herb garden ; they sell herbs to help you recover .
i have enough to treat yours though ; she gave the nice herbs before i left this town , in case something goes wrong while bargaining with those merchants .
you should visit the herb garden , she loves newcomers !
glock left some of the herbs for you , the man pushed a wooden box toward her .
sharines inflamed arm calmed down ; the herbs seemed to be working well on the wound .
she changed the herbs for her wound .
go somewhere else , there s the herb garden down the street !
its from the herb garden ; the herb lady did some extra work inside it .
its from the herb garden ; the herb lady did some extra work inside it .
i can give you some herbs that will lessen the pain , but that is all .
nathaniel began crushing and mixing the herbs together before joseph could respond .
nathaniel poured the prepared herbs into a pouch and handed it to joseph before he left .
joseph accepted the herbs , though he still had no intention of taking them .
going against his initial judgment , he retrieved the herbs nathaniel gave him and took them all at once .
the temporary relief the herbs had given him was gone , but there was still much more he needed to say .
the rabbi was unable to do anything more than help make joseph a little more comfortable with a blend of herbs to ease his pain .
` ` an indigenous herb used in aromatic wreaths to boost one 's erotic experience . ''
yes , i brought her some herbs , i think it would help her heal the said glock .
sharine still had herbs , which glock gave .
she tore up the bandage and put the herbs on her wound , wrapping it around the arm tightly .
next to him , nancy was sipping the herb tea .
sharine went out to look for the same herb which glock gave her .
look , i m going to look for the herbs for your wound , i still ca nt find them , said she , and put his machine gun next to him .
the strong scent of medical herbs was filling the room ; it had that sweet and bitter scent .
we can plant rye , oats , rice , peas , herbs , and berries ... her ideas were spilling out , a whole winter full of thinking suddenly released .
it bothered her that she could not find her bundle of dill ; both the herb and the container were gone .
emma and calla went in search of herbs ; they argued all the way , each holding herself as the pre - eminent authority on the subject ( and all else as well ) .
calla was given acknowledgement for expertise on all cooking herbs , while emma was ceded all healing herbs .
calla was given acknowledgement for expertise on all cooking herbs , while emma was ceded all healing herbs .
to her , dill rounded out the flavor of her cooking and she had sorely missed this herb since its mysterious disappearance .
once in a while , a local might forage the fringe of the swamp under the watchful eyes of the guards atop the wall for firewood , herbs , and other things the swamp provided .
its just that none of you would wish to forego hunting for treasure to come along with me gathering herbs and other essentials .
band posters and pictures of witches and pentagrams covered her walls , and multiple jars of what appeared to be herbs stood atop of random black shelves .
she ate strange flowers and herbs , even though she knew they would make her sick .
when halla ran out of herbs and recipes to teach her , she began to teach runa english , for the woman knew the language well .
i am a shaman , so of sickness and curing herbs i know very little but the spirit seems strong in him .
cosh had given a stone axe , numerous cutting blades made by a younger kor , some well - made water bags , a large sack of dried herbs , and a goodly chunk of salt .
she did not know the clan word for that herb .
dawn gave little things to each , the softest of skins , cured hide and leather , finely worked skin bags , scented items , rope , thongs , colored stones , small pouches full of aromatic herbs , and delicacies like dried fruit , nuts and honey .
the group goes on to have a fantastic dinner of boiled warthog hearts over swamp herbs .
sisy chuckles under his breath as he shoves his mouth full of black clawed anus destroyer and swamp herb stew .
he pushed some barrels away from the wall grabbed a burlap sack of some kind of herb and ducked in the corner .
she looked at the clay cup with a great doubt , then pinched her nose and drank the bitter liquid smelling of herbs at just one swallow .
you know herbs really well .
the old man remembered that once , in the early morning , while gathering healing herbs , he found some clay grout hardened into stone of apparently artificial origin .
after a cursory inspection , joe pulled out a small medicine packet and wafted some herb under shannas nose .
i thought i saw in the bucket that sticks of sage and other herbs were floating around in the water .
there were also many roots , dried herbs and seeds for healing and seasoning .
they gave me some herbs and things to eat and drink , but they have not helped .
you can have lettuce and herbs at your fingertips , '' he said .
an old woman behind the counter was busy crushing dried herbs and seeds in a wooden mortar .
in the wakah , made from car tyres , abundant fronds of lettuce and herbs spilled over the edges .
and there were dried herbs and animal parts on the walls next to calabashes and ladles .
the female sangoma from neo 's clan took some herbs from her pouch and ladled water into a cooking vessel , then placed it in the hot coals .
he knelt by the fire in the sangoma hut , throwing herbs into the flames .
the smouldering herbs made me cough .
what was the point of all her clean living , organic food , water and herb teas ?
it was amazingly cosy and well designed , every bit of wall space that was nt a window taken up with shelves , where jars of rice , beans , lentils and tiny pots of herbs and spices held in by wooden laths , rattled and chinked together as the bus swayed on the road .
it was decorated in dark halloween colors but there was a very potent odor of potpourri or some type of bitter smelling herb conjuring up images of potions and aromas .
and if not for the positive votes by johnny carson ( who liked elizas mother and father ) , cliff robertson , dina merrill , ethel kennedy along with herb glass and the husband of lena osbergs friend della krenz ( who was president of bloomingdales at that time ) .
lokin must have done this procedure to purah and put him in a temporary death - like state using various shininja herbs and formulas then retrieved him from his grave one of these nights .
she now left again to collect the roots and some herbs to palliate fever .
she took out the herb , pasted it on her palm and woke him up .
not very well , i feel my head heavy and painful he got up and in a reclining position took the herb paste which tasted extremely bitter but in a few minutes he felt better .
the nonagenarian doctor could not come himself but on the basis of the symptom of nils illness he sent some herbs instructing to administer them by inhalation .
the three herbs were to be administered in succession with an interval of half an hour and the circle repeated .
doma started giggling and collecting an herb from the bushes she administered the paste of the leaves on the injury and bleeding stopped immediately .
i wo nt rest until i ve got your leg on a plate in front of me served with mint sauce and herbs .
torman treated joff with a variety of medicinal herbs and with incantations meant to invoke the gods and other supernatural beings .
my herbs and my magic have assured that .
the herbs are helping , but his hearts been beating too fast for almost two days and it was weak to start .
what about the herbs ?
her mother was an herb witch that lived in the village .
my mother would bring me to the herb shop , our mothers had been friends before we were both born .
he dabbed at it with some excess fabric , then produced some herbs from his pocket , crushed them , then packed them against the wound , wrapping them down with the long strip of her robe .
those herbs are a natural analgesic , they also have antiseptic properties .
there was a hearty soup with onions , potatoes and herbs , a slice of bread with a generous pile of butter heaped upon it , and , under the largest lid , a rather sizable cut of roasted venison .
also , an herb can be taken before bed -- and yes , it is safe for children as well as adults -- that will stave off hags .
dorians voice commanded her attention again , although the shield is still intact , all the children will take the herbs to fend off bad dreams .
the adept put the cloth aside and started mixing some medicinal herbs .
that meant that the herbs they were putting in the inductees food and drink were doing their job .
the herbs were discovered long ago to have the potent ability to block that kind of mental activity .
wroan looked hard at him then put down the herbs he was about to stow and came to tyran 's aid .
after a long look at the exposed laceration , wroan rummaged around in one of the canisters he had already packed and produced three bags of different herbs .
wroan cast a knowing eye on tyran as he continued to gently work the herbs .
he added drops of water and oil into the herb mixture turning into an orange paste .
they were supposed to search for herbs and such , for use in the kitchen but lozan knew they wanted him away from the citadel as much as possible .
they would only have a few hours to find the herbs they were looking for before they had to head back .
unfortunately not , my dear , but my new herbs arrive tomorrow , and i ' m very excited about it .
she did so love her herbs , and i understood how important they were to magic , but in modern times a lot of the substances she wanted for her spells were ... to put it mildly ... absolutely freaking illegal .
last time my grandmother had tried to import her latest bunch of new herbs , i 'd spent almost two hours down at the customs office , trying to get them to understand that she was old , and she did n't really understand it was illegal to import sleeping pills en masse from south america .
she grabbed at some watercress i swear we had never had in the fridge , some herbs , an orange from the fruit bowl , and several other ingredients i did n't recognize .
we will fill your life with everything we need to transform you into something new , she began to peel the rind off the orange , chopping the watercress , and ripping the other herbs as she set them in a bowl .
still , the scent of those herbs and that orange rind reached in and made my belly grumble .
grimey , meanwhile , reached for his travel pack and pulled out a small pouch of herbs and spices compliments of mcgrady - which he added to the pot for flavor .
kane had grown quite fond of the herbs and spices the bearded hunter added for flavor .
there are lotions , salves , and more herbs covering every space .
placing a bowl in her lap , she rummaged through her medicine bag and selected herbs .
she had sometimes traded for medicinal herbs , especially for her young boys .
the herb garden was trampled and a few of the larger bushes uprooted .
he was still standing where she had left him on the edge of the herb garden .
bundles of drying herbs hung from posts and men and women were filling the benches of the common tables .
thal sought the herb garden where he had watched his mother trim and dig many times .
he gleaned a few more tattered herbs .
finally , i convinced you to help me gather herbs in the forest .
as the letters progressed , she wrote more and more about her hunting trips , the game she had killed , the rare herbs she had gathered , the hidden corners of the uninhabited forest she had explored , the days and nights she had spent alone with the trees .
then , checking to be sure her aunt still slept , she snuck to the porch and rifled the drawers of her herb chest until she found the one that held the forkleaf petals .
it burned his mouth and throat but left a lingering taste of herbs and berries , none of which he could clearly place .
inside were a generous bag of dried meat , another of dried fruits and nuts , and a final sack of roots and herbs that he did not recognize .
planning on a short trip , she loaded two blankets , the food and herbs , and a few other things into her frame pack .
obviously , her aunt had taught her a lot on their trips to gather herbs in the forest , but dasen doubted that milne had ever hunted , slept under pine trees , or hidden trails .
for good measure he prayed for his sons life , then smelled the herb and thought there was nothing remarkable about doing so .
he had ways with medicine and herbs , and with spiritual matters .
smoke speaker tossed a handful of herbs into the fire , and white smoke billowed up from the embers .
for years smoke speaker fed her herbs and powerful mixtures meant to bind the evil blood that pulsed through her veins .
he manages to open the small pouch and spills six balls about the size of a robins egg , made of valerian herb mixed with nut paste , into his hand .
by the time he has his footwear off , the herb has begun its work .
the tension in his body abates as the herb leaches into his system .
she smashes them with the edge of her knife , stuffs the cavities of the fish with the herb , and lays them upon the heated stone .
* * * * * * * * * you look worried , ardoh said as he continues mixing herbs .
she found ardoh preparing some herbs .
there he used his power and knowledge of herbs and potions to revive her , saving her from the brink of death .
she used to love it ; ardoh had taught her everything she knew about herbs and brewing potions .
she found the ville weeds easily and had noticed he was running out of sage so she decided to bring him an assortment of other herbs too .
martina had been crying ever since she returned from picking herbs .
if he were here , he would know of some healing herbs that would help this poor man .
talon is good with herbs and things .
the herbs he had provided for the stranger in the village should have worked well by now .
it was a blending of herbs that eased the pain and dehydration you were experiencingnothing more than i would have done for others in need .
the herbs i treated you with did their job well enoughbetter than i expected .
nausicaa showed me to a small chamber , pleasantly scented with verbena and herbs .
eggs and lambs kidneys mixed with herbs could have been the rocks fed to kronos for all the notice i took of their flavor .
it was sweetly scented with sleep - inducing herbs but it might have been a pile of broken sandals for all the comfort it gave me .
it smelled like a mixture of coriander , mint and lavender , as well as some other herbs she was not familiar with .
i have some more healing herbs for you , but i need to go find one last ingredient , so i can prepare them .
i deliver babies , compound herbs .
tied bunches of drying herbs hung from the dowels .
a pungent broth bubbled in a pot on the softly crackling fire , herbs hung in bunches from the low roof beams , rough made shelves held earthen bowls of fruit and nuts and everywhere were flowers .
there were other odours too , the astringent tang of poultices , the pungency of herbs and the earthy smell of blood .
he remembered gaspard mixing herbs and seeds , counting and weighing , measuring precise amounts into folded parchment packets and saw the same concentration , the same sense of purpose .
natural philosophy , astronomy , alchemy and virtueof the doctor , the herb or the metal , these were the foundation stones of healing and he grew in knowledge and confidence as he was guided toward an understanding of mans place in the great wonder of nature .
was the herb not to thy liking ?
end enjoy an excerpt from my next book lamplight prologue the air in the room hung heavy , laced with the pungent aroma of herbs and incense .
they had gathered all the required equipment : ropes and grappling hooks for stella , the herbs and darts for eben , and red had organised a supply of fireworks .
fetch herbs and dress your masters wounds !
the herb she washed his hair with turned his pale buttery head into a cap of chestnut brown .
every third night , kemeny washed his hair with the herb again .
` ` once we get done here , i ' m never changing my hair color again , '' he commented as she rubbed the herb on his scalp .
those drugs and herbs could find a buyer in ravenna , he replied .
the clay figure had been encircled by a plethora of obscure occult devices ; ram skulls , numbskulls , black candles , strange herbs and oils ... and poldanyelz had readied the heart for its subsequent immersion inside the clay figures gaping breast .
rithy , bring me a pot of herb tea .
rithy ran out , or rather tried to hop out of the room to fetch herb tea for the king .
chairs were brought in , and herb tea and sweets were served by some rabbit - like creatures .
the first dish was , this is herb salad .
its a mixture of mint and coriander herbs , bound by sap from the golden willow tree , hunor said as she winced in distaste .
each of the sacred herbs was an antidote for a different type of venom that blew on the wind and caused disease .
when trak cockily bragged that he knew all there was to know about the nine herbs , the mother sent him into the forest to collect a sample of each .
it was the herb of the sun , the only cure for the bite of the rock viper .
krage points to the handcart that holds the herbs trak collected .
the old spore arrives with pots and boxes of herbs .
when she is ready , her grandmother sends her out to collect the nine sacred herbs .
the gift of the herb paris declares ones love for another .
dorla can present dishes seasoned with the herbs she herself gathers .
there are herbs that can terminate the pregnancy , if that is what you want .
myrel and meg take an inventory of their supplies of medicinal plants and set about gathering fresh herbs .
the young men on screen stood loading up their truck with vast quantities of herb as the police sirens screamed in the distance .
he often came here alone to the cliffside for roots and herbs .
picking various herbs from the pots he had growing around the room , swiftly mixing a foul smelling concoction .
while his ire loudly increased , where are all my herbs !
almost immediately he started to search in his backpack for anything they could use , candle thingys , book , herbs , waste samples , but nothing useful .
the satyrs spike their wine with herbs they get from bacchus -- unidentified , as yet .
this morning , as the muffins baked , she took a quick stroll about her herb garden , and when she returned the familiar aroma hung peacefully about the kitchen , reminding her of days when things were less complicated , and life was effortless .
the shampoo scent had been replaced by the scent of the silken quilt : woven of fine red silk from china , and infused with a potpourri of herbs and rose petals .
around the courtyard were set stone benches and pots of fragrant herbs , as well as sand wells which held incense sticks .
all you have to do is mix up a bunch of herbs , burn some sage , and call it a day .
healing herbs , food , bandages her mind was frantic with worry that she may forget something that could mean the difference between life and death .
luncheon had been served out in the tarians garden , a fine meal of sauted greens , fresh - baked rosemary bread , grilled pheasant , mushroom bisque , and herb - encrusted pork loin .
a variety of other dishes had been whipped up by supportive townsfolk : scalloped potatoes in butter , peas and carrots roasted with herbs , a salty beef stew , a soup of roots , fresh greens with little plump tomatoes , and more besides .
his stuff is all herbs and what not that just aids in swelling and keeps infection out .
jair then handed nathan a large , rounded clay bowl , full of rich stew with meat and herbs , which smelled more wonderful than anything he had consumed in a long while .
the barley cakes had been fried in oil and seasoned lightly with herbs that he was unfamiliar with ; nathan thought them more delicious than any he had ever eaten !
i mean , where s your herb garden for creating potions or steaming witchs cauldron ?
she turned around again , mixed some herbs , and put them in a cup of boiling water .
the woman said as she walked across the room towards an , with the cup of herbs and boiling water in her hand .
an old medicine cabinet stood in the corner containing all sizes and shapes of bottles filled with weird bugs and herbs .
mr . claw is in possession of an illegal herb called dragon breath .
small boxes containing leaves , herbs and tiny animal parts were left opened , some of their contents scattered everywhere .
zoe said as she waved the bundle of burning herbs in the air .
she held a basket of herbs against her side , her dark red hair piled in a mound of braids atop her head as her green eyes seemed more tired than normal , ` ` the time grows closer . ''
she had also possessed a lovely singing voice and it was that voice that had driven tacitus to her while he was foraging for medicinal herbs .
she then led him to a body wrapped in muslin in the same manner as the others but laid out upon a nearby slab with fresh cut herbs around his body .
otherwise , all they would see is a young girl driving the beast while her father returned from collecting a sack full of mushrooms and herbs from the forest .
strings of garlic and herbs hung from the low ceiling , and buckets were placed here and there , undoubtedly to catch drips .
she had been sent out to the herb garden to pick rosemary for the cook .
here , let me help you , lord quentin said , offering his hand to her as she awkwardly tried to rise , without causing the herbs shed just picked to tumble out of her apron .
after she brought her herbs to the cook , who did not seem to be frantic at all , and was nt even working on a sauce , amandie left for her room and her time off .
it must have taken a great deal of courage for him to have come out into the herb garden like that .
pretty soon , amandie could nt help wishing that hawk had been the one to take hold of her hand in the herb garden , and refuse to give it back .
lady odith glanced over at amandie in the act of taking a delicate bite from a buttery cracker topped with creamy herb cheese , as though seeing her for the first time .
shed even woven a bandage from a field of wild flowers and wrapped it around her aching palm , with an herb and mud poultice to help with the healing .
maybe even of a wild herb that could cure a certain fever , should he enter the trees and look .
amaya asked them to try for ocean whiting and promised to make lemon and herb crumbs if they succeeded .
the queen was not her purest self ; her mind was not her own ; she died within unloving arms ; the prince let out a moan ; the herbs supplied in deepest night had brought about the deed , and now the prince would have the throne to satisfy his greed !
she s out gathering herbs right now , he said , to explain her absence .
when the drow envoy was stashed away , the shaman had been off gathering herbs .
from the box he retrieved a variety of herbs and a mortar and pestle .
he ground up some herbs and spit into the bowl , making a paste by mixing the herbs with his saliva .
he ground up some herbs and spit into the bowl , making a paste by mixing the herbs with his saliva .
her feet were tired , and she shifted her weight from foot to foot as she gathered bunches of fragrant herbs , tying them with twine before stringing them up over the kitchen rafters .
the smells of herbs and spices filled camons senses as he walked into the windowless enclosure .
he mixed a combination of spices , adding in a pinch of a rare herb , and set the powder on fire in a small bowl .
he lit the herbs in the shallow dish , the cleansing aroma calming his nerves and waited for her arrival .
she waved a hand at the bowl of burning herbs .
i seasoned yours with some herbs that will help .
it smelled different too , and that was nt just the green and brown herbs sprinkled on it .
there were herbs beside where i lay my head .
there were all sorts of herbs and concoctions all over .
there are plenty of medicinal herbs , as well .
he did nt live long enough to enjoy nestes own interest in herbs and healing , only long enough to betroth her to hoel .
glynis says there are healing herbs in here .
he used to pretend to be injured when i practiced how to use herbs , neste said .
window boxes were filled with herbs , rooftops planted with them or else home to clucking chickens .
they were standing by a stall selling herbs and spices from the east , including tiny pots of pepper for a silver ring each .
there were honeyed apples eaten on the slopes of mount cronos , and a pigeon cooked over her own hearth stuffed with raisins and sesame seeds , and a blend of herbs she would nt describe .
street vendors had appeared around the crown , pushing barrows from which they sold figs and glazed fruit , olives and raisins and herb bread .
dormitory houses stood between the temples , low - built but graceful , with herb gardens alongside and chickens picking at the ground in coops built against the walls .
she had often been to a healer near her village , but he had nothing like this ; anya had more herbs and ointments than she had imagined existed , and they were organised in some way she could nt understand .
i can either sew the wound , or create a paste with these herbs , a concoction i created a few months ago .
agreed , but only if you throw in a handful of those ratatta herbs and six good sized tatoes .
he saw a bench tipped on one side and when he stepped further into the room , he heard a crunch under his feet ; littering the floor were smashed bottles and apothecary jars , herbs and liquids spilling from the remnants .
loddens health improved enough that he could not bear to be in the sick hall , still stale - smelling despite all the fresh reeds they put down and the scented herbs they burnt to lighten the atmosphere .
the girl cares for him , treats him with herbs , but it does no good .
you should have more before you go to bed ; it has some herbs in it that will help you sleep .
mica made a good broth , knew which herbs gave it flavour .
she would make some more broth with the herbs she had collected .
the aroma of the herbs and spices wafted through the room .
she added some herbs to give it flavour .
its one of her many talents , said elijah knowing that mica had added some extra herbs to the rice .
martin mouthed the chicken leg , bit into it and tasted the sweetened herbs .
i could do nothing for him as none of the herbs worked .
i removed the arrow , treated the wound and gave him some herbs .
i have some medicine that will help , said mica , holding out the bag in which she kept her herbs .
thora took the bag and looked inside , instantly recognising the herbs and the coloured bottles of ingredients .
there was a herbalist , a leather maker and herbs inn .
the window display had various colored glass jars in different sizes and shapes filled with herbs .
underneath the counter were all types of herbs neatly labeled and added more scents to the room .
perhaps your friend would enjoy some organic herbs to make tea .
not likely someone would put a bomb in a box of herbs , but then again , i never thought i d ever fight lycanthropes in an iraq desert .
i settled down on my couch and opened the box from magical herbs .
the herb had a much stronger smell and different color than what we used when fighting lupzarros flea bags .
sally sneezed and went to her usual spot next to the fireplace not wanting anything more to do with the herbs .
alura smiled and held up her phone showing a message : package picked up , come again soon , magical herbs shoppe .
i pulled my phone out of my pocket , and sure enough , i had the same message from magical herbs .
alura tapped the top of the box of herbs i placed on the floor and said , hence the wolfsbane dear brother , then informed me that there would be a full moon tomorrow night .
well also need wolfsbane , which is why magical herbs had that package ready to go .
how did you know i d stop at magical herbs ?
a shoppe around the corner from your apartment with a large celtic sign saying magical herbs duh , what wizard could resist such a place ?
how did she know i would walk in the direction toward magical herbs ?
it seems like my apartment and magical herbs has been the full extent of my exploring manhattan these past couple of days , but hey , i might get a chance to use a car one day who knows .
alura reached inside the magical herbs gift box and took out some wolfsbane .
for a natural herb free of magic , wolfsbane is a must have for anyone hunting werewolves .
once outside , sally made a predictable left turn heading for magical herbs .
when we arrived at magical herbs , melony was opening the shoppe door .
melony sat down at the table and asked sally if i was giving her a daily sprinkle of the herbs she gave us last week .
the three of us started headed out to the magical herbs shoppe .
whatever , i replied and said nothing more about it , but alura grinned the entire way to magical herbs annoying .
alura placed a couple small boxes of herbs on the counter .
i see you have good taste and are familiar with special herbs , melony said .
the herb i gave to you and sally was just anise .
no love herbs were included .
melony had to open the store early in the morning , so i walked her back to the magical herbs shoppe .
i suppose that s why i liked working at magical herbs so much and being surrounding by herbs and books .
i suppose that s why i liked working at magical herbs so much and being surrounding by herbs and books .
the tea from magical herbs was to help relax my neck muscles .
it read : package ready for pickup magical herbs .
food first , walk second , and then we visit the magical herbs shoppe a daily routine that s easy to follow .
okay sally , lets go see who the new manager is at magical herbs .
there were a number of people browsing inside magical herbs when we arrived .
did you guys know balya is the new manager at magical herbs ?
i bet you do nt know a certain magical herbs customer , one who goes by the name of mrs . swanson , is a black witch .
alura moved the pizza boxes onto the floor and opened the package that i picked up from magical herbs .
several small tubes , the size of lipsticks , were placed together along bags of herbs and what looked like bars of soap .
gnak watched as the shaman pondered his words for many long moments before he began collecting herbs and clay jars of substances with healing properties , and began to mix them in a bowl .
lussan had scooted out the door , and was hunting around the garden , for all the world like one of her hens , pecking at a bush here , a twig there , filling her apron with herbs as she went .
there were herbs in it that released their aroma as the hot water worked on them .
cracky embellished the story of travelling to chester market by explaining his requirement for special herbs for cooking , and mr starry and mr twinkle waxed lyrical about the planets influence on various star signs .
clarissa thinks that she might be a midwife who uses herbs and other natural remedies to aid women unable to bear children .
when we arrived at the house , i was a bit surprised because i had expected the witch to live alone in the countryside , thinking she lived in a small hut , near an overgrown garden , filled with herbs that she used for her potions .
however , for all his intelligence and ruthless determination , there was one thing veig treth had neglected to nurture , deeming it irrelevant to his ravenous aspirations he had never quite decided whether the spirits to whom he owed his good fortune were real to him or not ; belief in them had always seemed secondary to believing in himself ; and by the time he was resting on his laurels , the essence of his vocation had become so unimportant to him that he inwardly scorned servants like his father , who sat around chanting nonsense and burning herbs and waiting for a response that never really came instead of using their craft to make their own lives and not some ignorant farmers better .
be that as it may , raddia still got on perfectly well with the villagers , and had compensated for her reticence by letting the women teach her wordless , manual skills such as cooking and knitting , herb growing and clothes making pastimes she enjoyed hugely , and through which she was able to please the men of the house , as she jokingly referred to yodren and yonfi .
its not like taking a herb where there s a risk of rash or dizziness ; the side - effect of your role is death !
nature would not suffer a scoundrel like him to pluck the true herbs from her good earth .
let me clean the wound and apply some herbs .
he reached into the sleeves of his habit and pulled out a small container filled with herbs and spices , so well packed that it had survived past toil and struggle .
underneath sprouted rows of watermelon , cabbage , broccoli , carrots and green onion with wide areas dedicated to spindly looking spices and herbs .
the apothecary has prescribed various herbs to soothe her , though none appear to be effective .
the herbs he d gathered from the edge of the forest were already sitting on the counter , but he had to wait for the pan on the stove to come to a boil .
the sound of water boiling on the stove presented a welcome distraction , and kota spent the next few minutes washing and cutting up the herbs before dropping them into the bubbling water .
` ` tell me you have some peppermint in your herb garden . ''
he pulled his pipe from his pocket and filled it with fresh herb .
the smell was sweet and little green herbs floated as he poured in the hot water .
as they entered the kitchen , the smell of spices and herbs - things shed never inhaled anywhere else but market - spun in her senses .
i was near death when he came and healed me with herbs .
midnight had flowers braided into his mane and tail along with a garland of herbs and vines around his neck .
they gave many packets of cacao for this girl , and packets of medicinal herbs , and some chocolate as well .
because i was only a boy the priest did not come , the wise - woman is strong enough for boys , and she bathed the rip in my head and sealed it with herb paste .
the wise - woman came every day , sometimes more than once , to rub on more paste and give me small bundles of nasty herbs to eat .
wo n't you assist us , with your herbs and poultices ? ''
he came down to this world and made herb drinks for those babies .
she bought herbs from the wise - woman herbalist and made me suck on them , though they were bitter and made my tongue green .
the wise - woman gave him a bundle of herbs , and he chewed this and spat the bundle into the fire .
his spit and blood and green herb - juice he gave to the jungle , he stood inside the safety of the acantuns and spat into the faces of the evil spirits as he cursed them .
we can bar their way with flint dust and salt , we can burn them with herb juice , and the prayers and curses of the priest are darts to punish them .
the day nine ha ' was many days away , but the priests began gathering incense and scented herbs .
those men gathered their herbs and poisons and shining crystals .
and this was his clothing that day : he wore the headdress of ain the crocodile , and on his wrists were feather cuffs my mother had made , and from his waist - sash hung many pouches of herbs .
at the edge of the river the priest scattered herbs into the water to keep ain away and then turned to us .
there were crumbled herbs scattered around , these were some of the strong herbs that can be used to wound spirits and even kill them .
there were crumbled herbs scattered around , these were some of the strong herbs that can be used to wound spirits and even kill them .
such were my thoughts , in that place of flower - scented herbs and dried blood .
traders visited from xunich and chacwitz , they came with stacks of dried tobacco leaves and bundles of herbs and the well - tanned hides of rabbits and raccoons , margays and jaguarundis and pumas .
quails and turkeys were baked with tasty herbs , and many small dogs were roasted for the feast .
or are you just going to sniff smelly herbs all evening ? ''
` ` ah - bobilche likes the scent of herbs , '' said ix - k'an - nohol - na .
everywhere he walks , he will smell this herb .
she did not have any water to put it in , but the herb cooled her skin .
she opened a pouch and took a pinch of dust of x'axivab , the cancer herb .
she began to walk quickly toward the palace of ah - polot , tossing out seeds of x'axivab , the cancer herb , as she went .
it was full of the powder of tzibche , the tzibche herb .
he just ran back to his master before she could drive him away with her herbs .
` ` they have taken my herb pouches , '' she said .
she reached down and took her herbs .
the herb burned his eyes and his nose , and he changed into a rank wind and blew all the way back to ah - puch .
that was the dust of the most powerful of herbs , xaaxcomoche , the green stick .
in dreams ix - k'an - nohol - na and ah - itzamna , lord medicine , taught our ancestors to use those herbs , and with them we can drive away the lords of the night and the sicknesses they bring .
this was so he would not take herbs to dull the pain , he was being starved a day , for the beating to be more felt .
when the heart was consumed , a small fire was kindled in the open chest of the dead puma , it was fed with moss and dry herbs .
now sacnik stands on the shore of the river , looking at the strange old woman with the pik of spider silk and the pouches of herbs .
at the river the priest threw in herbs to keep ain away , and the seven of us left our lineage - fathers and knelt behind him , facing the river .
then puksikal tok leaned down next to my ear , and with one hand he put a bundle of herbs into my mouth .
and this is what happened , under the river : there was fire in my mouth , from the herb bundle .
my uncle came but gave no herbs , and the wise - woman was not summoned .
the lords of the cities drink deeply , the priests devour meat full of killing herbs .
there are clouds of burning blood and herbs .
i can not remember a time not being surrounded by the scent of mothers special blend of herbs and spices .
approaching the patch , he can smell tears , and the ugly mixed scent of herbs and spices .
can you get him some boswellia herbs for the pain ?
the only thing he managed to ingest was a mix of herbs balien brought .
gabriel wondered frantically , his eyes going to the flask of herbs out of reach .
aisling swore he had more informants than she , but he helped more people with his herbs and had gained a loyal following long ago .
most herb shops do not carry such things , but start drinking spearmint by the barrel .
there were many outlets provided by herbs , but there were always other solutions .
you must bring him into your deepest cellar and surround him with herbs and strong smelling flowers .
did you bring the herbs ?
can i have the herbs ? ''
ko fumed over his maps and conrick gathered herbs .
the smell of burning herbs , roast boar , and smoke wafted over the bracken of deep woods from the bonfire , thirty feet away , to a nearby clearing .
we have some herbs that will help your blisters , batarr suggested .
carts filled with dried meat and fish , herbs , vegetables or cooking equipment and utensils flowed past them ; each cart with its unique smell .
the food , like much of the food in the stalls , was strange , consisting of a variety of tubers and odd shaped vegetables , hard - crusted breads , as well as shellfish , crabs , meat dishes and fish piled high on crystal platters and garnished with an assortment of herbs .
i ' m just the girl who collects castor 's herbs .
stacked on top of them are glass jars full of liquid and ointments and dried herbs and colored clays .
she is my apprentice in the study of herbs , castor replies plainly , but his tone is still tight with anger .
if i were at home , i would wander off into the forest to collect some healing herbs .
i ' m trapped in a room with no windows , no herbs , and no help .
i found the best herbs in the infirmary and they worked fast .
bandages , herbs , and rest .
the aroma of spice and herbs , of assorted kind , combined to infuse the air with a wonderful , if exotic , scent .
she found the healing herbs growing close to where they were , pulling the ones she needed .
she set the pot on the fire , adding herbs that would make the pain killing medicine .
amatola added spices , herbs and wild vegetables she found growing in the forest .
amatola crept slowly to where her sleeping herbs were bound in a bag .
they did not think there would be a need for that , but it was a great place to store herbs , food , medicines , drinking water , weapons , tools and anything else needing to be stored .
there she put her herbs , jerky , several more ropes she made , with everything from the store room .
she got her sharp dagger with some medicinal herbs and bandaging which she took back to tanka .
kahira opened the front door of the hut , taking a small bundle of herbs into the kitchen and putting them in a cabinet .
there , where she had left them , were the herbs !
she applied medicinal herbs to help it heal quickly and to stop the pain .
~~~ btris gathered up her best estimate of what she needed from the herbs , ointments and bandages she had on hand and a brown jug .
he draped the blanket over her and then helped her to stand , i m not impressed by shamans who have to feed a young girl fermented herbs and intoxicating mushrooms then pretend to be gods by dressing up in ceremonial costumes just to rob her of her virginity .
the cook would be the tall , thin woman chopping herbs at a central table .
hearing the cooks laments about the lack of interesting spices available to her , aleria had remembered the packs of her mothers special herbs that she had brought with her as presents .
he was using the top of their broken sanitizer to hold what were apparently ingredients ; cassie saw several clear glasses holding liquids she could nt immediately identify , and what looked like herbs in little mesh bags .
slowly add the herbs while stirring constantly , over a period of several minutes .
how did a rat , some gemstones and herbs suddenly smell like flowers ?
i ve some herbs dried that will do the trick .
there were shops dedicated to hunting , others to spices and herbs .
the next hour was quite simple , prescribing herbs for a cough , cleaning grazes on childrens knees and the like , but nothing requiring any serious healing work .
ill give you some more of the herbs so that you can make another poultice .
she performed a couple of simple healings that stopped the bleeding , and then she carefully washed and dressed the wound with healing herbs .
he had eaten dried rabbit meat cooked in cider with mushrooms and herbs and it was delicious , he told them .
the herb , when squeezed in water , gave out a soapy substance that was useful for washing .
peasant women had known of the herb for centuries .
will you put some of these herbs into the pot and then put the pot over the fire ?
when she had finished , asphodel gave her a handful of herbs , which she spread inside the fish along with some wild garlic they had found near the trees .
her work , even before the finding of the hidden books had absorbed her so much that she had forgotten to take the herbs to prevent pregnancy .
lamb and herbs , if i m not much mistaken , thought asphodel .
the room was shabbily furnished with just a table , two chairs and a cupboard , but it was clean , and although it had an earth floor , it was strewn with fresh rushes , which were mixed with herbs to help overcome the ubiquitous smells coming in through the door .
i was responsible for taking the herbs to ensure no pregnancy ensued , she responded .
some of the folks gathered herbs to burn as incense , others worked happily in the open air , preparing a communal feast .
all of the herbs required were readily available on her desk .
it required very little mixing yet , ironically , needed an open flame to melt the herbs and distill the useless parts of them .
the potion only required two herbs .
after only a short while longer , the herbs fully dissolved and remained only as liquids at the bottoms of the glassware .
swamp fangs , she said , identifying the herb from the tome .
how did you know that the herbs you chose would work like this ?
` ` did you bring the herbs ? ''
ko and swiftrider were arguing in loud whispers over some parchment , while conrick organized freshly picked herbs .
the closet contained bundles of rushes , boxes of lye soap , brooms , brushes , buckets , and bags of sweet smelling herbs .
the aroma of burning herbs , roast boar , and rabbit wafted over the bracken of deep woods from the bonfire .
i m not ready to talk about that yet , said ytrinduopf , taking a pipe and a bag of herbs out of his pocket .
he rolled himself a cigarette , from fresh shayeed and paiz , with just a touch of vlekem , taking pinches of the mildly psychoactive herbs from the intricately gilded platinum bowls near the center of the jade table .
his radiant , commanding eyes replaced by handfuls of herbs and bread that had browned and hardened , forming a crisp and fragile crust inside the eye sockets .
the masters of the house had quite the collection of spices and herbs in the cellar , said nerys , we will be eating well for months .
sayjin smelt the broth it had alluring smell of strange herbs and spices .
there are bones , bunches of herbs , garlics and stuffs made of straws hung on the walls of this room .
who waters the herb of the lynch again ?
there are no weird herbs at the wall and no fehimas bed in its own place .
dust and bits of herbs hit the surface , but they stuck to the glass as if it were water .
the wind grew , and pushed at the surface of the mirror , with its bits of floating herbs , like wind on water .
` ` what kind of lawyer knows to carry just the right herbs in his pocket to disrupt such a spell ? ''
she began to mix herbs from her leather bag .
crystall cut the threads that bound it , and spilled out a few dried herbs and seven strands of black hair .
an herb ? ''
` ` you need tools to make charbalm : distillation , mincing , rare herbs and roots ... other healy stuff . ''
so my grampaw , he got to figgerin ' , and when a really cold day like this come along he 'd take my grarnmaw , and the kids , my uncle and my aunt and my daddy - he was the youngest - and the serving girl and the hired man , and he 'd go down with them to the creek , give 'em a little drink of rum and herbs , it was a recipe he 'd got from the old country , then he 'd pour creek water over them .
laurence hoped he might not have a very dismal meal ahead of him , having some vague impression of restrictions upon the jewish diet , but the late dinner was more than respectable : a very good leg of lamb , roasted to a turn in the turkish manner and carved off the spit into thin slices , with new potatoes dressed in their skins and a fragrant glaze of olive oil and strong herbs ; and besides a whole fish roasted with peppers and tomatoes , pungent and strongly flavored with the common yellow spice , and a tenderly stewed fowl which no one could have objected to .
temeraire held it for him , and laurence cut away one of the pouches with his knife : a sachet of dried flowers and herbs , and though it was soaked through now with blood and the horse 's damp sweating breath , laurence could still smell the strong perfume beneath .
bernard 's hands froze for a moment , as he crumbled some kind of herb into the salted water in the pot .
it smelled like herbs and something else , something rich and dark .
steam was rising from the pot , and ingredients were strewn everywhere - tomatoes , chopped garlic and onions , strings of dark - looking herbs , grated piles of cheese , some shelled peanuts , a handful of olives , and a whole fish , its eye staring glassily upward .
the ` ` healing kit , '' which clary had been envisioning as a hard plastic - sided box with the red cross insignia on it , turned out to be a big wooden tray , stacked with folded bandages , steaming bowls of unidentified liquids , and herbs that gave off a pungent lemony odor .
` ` only a wicked witch would do such a thing , '' she 'd told me , stirring a pot full of steeping herbs for some potion .
chance 's mom had taught us about protective herbs , and living with chuch , we 'd received a refresher course in good wards .
i had no idea how i was going to get all the herbs mixed and then poured around the foundation of the house .
instead , he gave me a quick and dirty course on what herbs we should mix and how much , along with the spoken words .
he explained , ` ` this would possess more power if we were practitioners , but the herbs alone should work .
` ` a good witch can ward a house without the herbs , '' jesse told me , ` ` weaving protective energy in place like a net . ''
dale shone a key chain penlight over the area , and with sure hands , jesse raked the topsoil , examining the herbs .
` ` you know the mix of herbs we used for the wards ? ''
after i finished stitching the four little bags , i measured out herbs in their proper ratio to fill them .
here , it 's clearly an arcane supply house with wards , runes , wands , herbs , athames , and other rare spell components .
with my athame , i pricked the tip of my finger and drizzled my blood across the powerful herbs .
caridad mixed the herbs along with oil , water , and my blood , which gave it an oddly prismatic effect .
she brought him colorful powders , stored in glass vials , small ceramic figures , various herbs and liquids .
with a grumble , booke handed me various dried herbs and powders while kel reminded me when to use each one .
whatever herb you 're using ... '' ` ` no , max , '' tavi said .
where it licked the wizards ' quarter it burned blue and green and was even laced with strange sparks of the eighth colour , octarine ; where its outriders found their way into the vats and oil stores all along merchants street it progressed in a series of blazing fountains and explosions ; in the streets of the perfume blenders it burned with a sweetness ; where it touched bundles of rare and dry herbs in the storerooms of the drugmasters it made men go mad and talk to god .
there was n't a dried herb anywhere in the place but there were a great many books , most of them filled with desiderata 's small , neat handwriting .
' and now i ' m just going out to get some herbs , ' she said .
magrat knew she was much better than them at herbs .
you ca n't make a serious drink out of just herbs .
' with soothing herbs . '
the point was that a good genuan cook could more or less take the squeezings of a handful of mud , a few dead leaves and a pinch or two of some unpronounceable herbs and produce a meal to make a gourmet burst into tears of gratitude and swear to be a better person for the rest of their entire life if they could just have one more plateful .
she peered at cages of snakes , and racks of mysteriously tendrilled herbs .
the great god om was upside down in a basket in one of the kitchens , half - buried under a bunch of herbs and some carrots .
a hairy hand reached in and removed the herbs .
the old man followed him patiently along the rows , while brutha spoke beans and herbs .
` ` in the middle of my bloody herbs ! ''
there were the herbs , and the soft fruit bushes , a bit of lawn and , of course , the beehives .
there was , for example , the herb garden .
which herbs were better than others for headaches , fragments of old stories , odds and ends like that .
this was because animals that did n't avoid the herbs over the past fifty years had tended not to have descendants .
` ` cook 's very particular who goes into the herb garden , ma'am , '' said millie .
if you ca n't stuff it up a chicken 's bum , she does n't think it 's an herb !
` ` she 's good with herbs . ''
you did n't need daft old herbs to make your life a problem , if you spent one week every month with two extra legs and four extra n**ples .
susan picked up a bundle of herbs and played with them .
ridcully liked big greasy breakfasts , especially if they included those slightly translucent sausages with the green flecks that you can only hope is a herb of some sort .
' i do n't understand , o lord , ' said the visitor , whose name was two fire herb .
two fire herb looked at the rest of the cadre .
then someone said , ' excuse me , two fire herb , but it is june . '
[ 21 ] one of the things he might see , for example , was the face of two fire herb .
said two fire herb , sneering .
' snares , traps ... ' ' why , if his magic should fail him because he did tricks for herb , he would find himself in the deepest dungeon , dying by inches . '
' the deepest , ' said two fire herb .
' usually their heads , ' said two fire herb .
' they may be underprivileged in years , ' said two fire herb , ' but they are ancient in courage and honour . '
that is correct , ' said two fire herb .
and , much to his surprise , he found himself hoping that , on the way out , he could poke herb in the eye .
' i should stand well back , everyone , ' said herb , grinning unpleasantly .
' you have something to say , two fire herb ? '
' yes , two fire herb ? '
' this is a mixture of rare herbs and suchlike , ' she said .
after all , everyone in lancre used fresh herbs .
she took a handful of herbs out of a box on the dresser , and dropped them in a bowl with the steaming water .
it was replaced by , in succession , a bunch of herbs , a mobile advertising something twoflower had never heard of but which was apparently a bedtime drink , a suit of armour and a stuffed crocodile with a lifelike expression of extreme pain and surprise .
' i liked the herbs best . '
with a herb and butter dipping sauce .
mere and stingbat 's herbal wash - with herbs !
rinse ' n ' run scalp tonic - with extra herbs ! ...
chuck a handful of weeds in the pot and you ' ve got herbs ...
the sickly scent of marinated herbs assailed her sinuses , but anything was better than the sharp , beguiling smell of blood .
it was a medicinal herb , salt .
and it had herbs in it .
then she pulled some old but serviceable wool blankets , still smelling of anti - moth herbs , from an old chest , wrapped esk in them and sat her in the rocking chair .
granny weatherwax listened in impatient annoyance to phrases like mother goddesses and primitive moon worship and told herself that she was well aware of what being a witch was all about , it was about herbs and curses and flying around of nights and generally keeping on the right side of tradition , and it certainly did n't involve mixing with goddesses , mothers or otherwise , who apparently got up to some very questionable tricks .
` ` it 's just knowing the right herbs , and learning to watch the weather , and finding out the ways of animals .
` ` not more herbs or headology ? ''
they sat on bales of unknown herbs in the private corner made by the stall between the angled walls of the houses , and drank something fragrant and green out of surprisingly delicate cups .
esk let herself slump forward until her head lay in granny 's lap , with its familiar smells of camphor , mixed herbs and a trace of goat .
` ` there is another way into the university , '' she said , looking sidelong at esk , who was making a disgruntled job of mashing herbs in a mortar .
it was very restful , with the droning of the lecturers drifting over her as gently as the buzzing of the slightly zonked bees in granny 's special herb garden .
she tried to remember the eighteen herbs that cured ear - ache , which kept her occupied for a while because she could never recall the last four .
when she ran out of herbs she started on the diseases of goats , which took quite a long time because goats can catch a lot of things that cows can catch plus a lot of things plus that sheep plus catch plus a complete range of horrible ailments of their very own .
he thought again how nice it would be to be the sort of wizard who lived in a little cave somewhere and collected herbs and thought significant thoughts and knew what the owls were saying .
but probably the cave would be damp and the herbs would be poisonous and treatle could never be sure , when all was said and done , exactly what thoughts were really significant .
` ` herbs ? ''
digging over the herb bed was a chore , too .
` ` and she knew about all kinds of herbs , '' tiffany persisted .
then there were the herbs .
' but that 's just herbs . '
she peered around the room , as if someone could be hiding behind the bundles of dried herbs .
why do we amble around with herbs and bandage smelly old men 's legs ?
i think my octogram of trimontane has got caught up on my pouch of nine herbs ... ' there was a tricky minute while they untangled her , with mistress weatherwax muttering toys , just toys ' as they unhooked bangles and necklaces .
she written it down in her diary , which was a lot thicker now , what with all the pressed herbs and extra notes and bookmarks .
` ` good with the herbs , are you ? ''
i ' m very good with the herbs . ''
` ` if i did n't know i was good with herbs , i 'd be stupid , mrs .
the boys watched in silence for several minutes as he tethered the animal to the end of his bed , upended the sack on the blankets , and took out several black candles , a sprig of herbs , a rope of skulls , and a piece of chalk .
` ` made from over fifty different rare spices and herbs to a recipe known only to a bunch of ancient monks what live on some mountain somewhere .
i have added herbs that will heal you and stave off infection . ''
` ` what kind of herbs ? ''
with a sigh , she righted the table , cleaned up the mess , ate a little of her own dinner - without the herbs she 'd put in her husband 's meal - cleaned the grime of the day off her body , put on her white nightdress - after securing the dagger tied to her thigh - and finally crawled into bed .
i put certain herbs in his food . ''
she actually had the nerve to appear insulted when she was the one putting herbs in the man 's food .
with the herbs and a very simple spell it was surprisingly easy . ''
would you like to come in and count my herb supplies , o ' tall , gorgeous one ?
chapter twenty - two morfyd looked up from the herbs she 'd pulled .
morfyd dug into her satchel and pulled out several jars of herbs .
she grabbed a bottle of wine , poured some into a chalice and then mixed in some herbs .
talaith saw the kind of herbs morfyd had in that drink .
shaking and panting , he went back to the reading room and the brothers rushed to get him his own hot tea and some soothing herbs to calm his nerves .
if he passed out , they woke him up with water or herbs and went back to beating him .
smoke puffed from a chimney , with an herb garden right out front and a stone walkway that led to the door .
rubbing her forehead and wincing , esyld went to a small table covered in dry herbs , half - burned ritual candles , several different daggers , and a wand .
he could smell incense and herbs , fresh vegetables , and what smelled deliciously like stew .
the scent of more food woke him up , and another meal and a delicious concoction of wine mixed with healing herbs had him up and wandering around his aunt 's house .
he left her tying dried herbs together and still laughing when he went out to find where dagmar had wandered off to .
three other healers worked with herbs and roots , creating different concoctions they hoped would help .
the twins or- '' ` ` the twins , '' she said , and all the minotaurs looked over at their priestess , busy pulling out daggers and herbs for a proper sacrifice .
he knew it must be hard to live all alone in the outerplains with nothing but your herbs , spells , and forest animals to keep you company .
and she not only knew about the rare loeiz herb , but had some hidden on her and understood how to use it .
and very few knew the poisonous uses of the herb because it was hard to find and could only be plucked moments before blooming .
plucked too late and it was a delicious herb on cooked meats .
for good or il , keita was known for her vengeful nature and her method of vengeance usual y involved slipping certain herbs in the offender 's food .
she wore the white robes of a healing cleric , her bag of herbs and spell paraphernalia over her shoulder .
she made me up a tonic to put into tea , a combination of local sage , leaves and other herbs .
bird and roman brought out a small drum , incense holders , little wooden bowls and bags of earth - colored herbs and a bunch of dried plants .
there was also a mess of dried herbs , a bunch of jars filled with thick goo and what looked like embalmed reptiles , and a small fridge that hummed in the corner .
mason jars filled with herbs , spices , and who knows what were lined up on shelves .
there 's some special herbs in there too , ones that might help clear your mind a bit . ''
i cooked blood , dried it , drank it raw , mixed it with wormwood , brandy , with foul - smelling medicinal preservatives , with herbs , salts , irons .
there is a good part of laudanum in it as well , for calm and sweet visions , plus potassium salts and iron and wormwood , and various herbs and alchemical preparations long disused .
only when the room was black as marsh could make it , and a gaunt haggard black woman had come up to tend to york 's burns with herbs and healing salves and cold towels , did abner marsh leave .
he got a teacup and put one of gramma 's special herb tea bags into it .
my father got to know my mother because on his hunts he would sometimes collect medicinal herbs and sell them to her shop to be brewed into remedies .
i know there are herbs , if i could find them , that would speed the healing , but i ca n't quite call them to mind .
my mother was less sure , seeing the injury , but the pair of them went to work on it , grinding up herbs and coaxing brews down the animal 's throat .
one where i ' ve slipped into the woods , lantern in hand , to join gale at some prearranged place where we 'll sit bundled together , sipping herb tea from metal flasks wrapped in quilting , hoping game will pass our way as the morning comes on .
she pours me a mug of herb tea , which i wrap my chilled fingers around gratefully .
dried herbs and tinctures and store - bought bottles .
the herbs are more for the inflammation - ` ` my mother begins calmly .
she 'd still smelled of the kitchen - frying oil and herbs , hot metal and chili .
subtle scents , not as well aged as delilah 's odors ... herbs , mostly , and fresh grass , dirt .
i see yellow cream and honeycomb , and white bread , and butter ; milk , cheese , and green herbs and ripe berries gathered .
' there is food in the wild , ' said strider ; ' berry , root , and herb ; and i have some skill as a hunter at need .
the herb had also some power over the wound , for frodo felt the pain and also the sense of frozen cold lessen in his side ; but the life did not return to his arm , and he could not raise or use his hand .
of herbs and stewed rabbit for the few hours of daylight that were left they rested , shifting into the shade as the sun moved , until at last the shadow of the western rim of their dell grew long , and darkness filled all the hollow .
' what a hobbit needs with coney , ' he said to himself , ' is some herbs and roots , especially taters c not to mention bread .
i want some herbs . '
but be good smeagol and fetch me the herbs , and i 'll think better of you .
soon the rabbits cut up lay simmering in their pans with the bunched herbs .
but there 's nought to go with them but a few herbs . '
then he called to ioreth and he said : ' you have store in this house of the herbs of healing ? '
but old folk still use an infusion of the herb for headaches . '
then , whether aragorn had indeed some forgotten power of westernesse , or whether it was but his words of the lady eowyn that wrought on them , as the sweet influence of the herb stole about the chamber it seemed to those who stood by that a keen wind blew through the window , and it bore no scent , but was an air wholly fresh and clean and young , as if it had not before been breathed by any living thing and came new - made from snowy mountains high beneath a dome of stars , or from shores of silver far away washed by seas of foam .
' master meriadoc , ' said aragorn , ' if you think that i have passed through the mountains and the realm of gondor with fire and sword to bring herbs to a careless soldier who throws away his gear , you are mistaken .
but in his pockets he had the herbs that galen , the physik woman , had given him for his new baby boy , septimus , who had been born earlier that day .
silas blamed himself for leaving sarah alone while he went out to fetch the baby 's herbs from the physik woman .
as a girl , sarah had studied herbs and healing with galen , the physik woman in the forest , which was where she had met silas one day .
when sarah understood all she could about herbs and healing , she had said a fond good - bye to galen and joined silas in his room in the ramblings .
sarah made herb tinctures at the kitchen table when she had a spare moment - which did not often happen .
but try as he might , he was not able to hear the committee decide to send their very best spy , linda lane , with her interest in herbs and healing , to live in room 17 , corridor 223 .
sarah and galen kept the stove going and talked about herbs and potions through the long cold days .
then he remembered what aunt zelda had said to him when he had brought her some herbs from the garden .
what insight he 'd glean if they were the man 's under - butler 's shoes , heretofore could n't guess at , but after half an hour cosmo rang for a basin of cold water and some soothing herbs , and the shoes had not made an appearance since .
it contained herbs and all natural ingredients .
but belladonna was a herb , and arsenic was natural .
she lit the burner at the side , boiling a small pot of water as she quickly mixed powders , herbs , and liquids .
cursing to himself , he grabbed a flagon of unheated water and began to throw handfuls of herbs into it .
he did n't have time to worry about that ; he could feel the weakness in his limbs , and he could barely grab the handfuls of herbs .
one of these was the herb that she 'd gotten him addicted to .
he began mixing powders and bits of herbs into a cup .
` ` i smell herbs . ''
i smelled herbs , as if i had brushed against a border of thyme and lavender around my roses .
the delicate herbs tickled along my foot , as if reminding me that there were some things more important than love .
the herbs touched me again , wound around my ankle .
he was sitting up , but where he had been lying was an outline of herbs .
but the herbs spreading out from where he had lain , where we had lain , was n't what made the men stop .
sholto was wearing a crown ; a crown of herbs .
i said , ` ` i thought - only thought - that there is more than one variety of thyme , and it changed the herbs .
his uncles abased themselves , faces pressed to the herbs .
it did n't spread over everything like the herbs on the island .
... michael eased himself down on the bed , unscrewing the lid to the balm that smelled of peppermint and a dozen mystery herbs .
as it was now past the middle of the day , they rested with the centaurs and ate such food as the centaurs provided cakes of oaten meal , and apples , and herbs , and wine , and cheese .
plenty of women could and did wear them on steadholts , especially those involved in gathering herbs in the forest , working around animals , or laboring in the fields .
galen tasted like the scent of aromatic herbs .
` ` you taste like fresh herbs . ''
off to the house 's side a middle - aged woman dug herbs out of the ground .
the name for them came to me , with a scent of roses and herbs .
then the scent of herbs followed .
` ` i smell herbs and roses , '' sholto said from behind me .
the smell of roses and herbs returned .
the herbs added a warm , thick undertone to the scent , as if we were standing in the middle of an herb garden with a hedge of wild roses around it to guard it and keep it safe .
the herbs added a warm , thick undertone to the scent , as if we were standing in the middle of an herb garden with a hedge of wild roses around it to guard it and keep it safe .
the scent of roses and herbs was so real that i could taste it on my tongue , like drinking in a summer 's day .
maybe it was the knotted herbs that made it almost dizzying if you looked at their patterns too long .
i knelt in the surprising softness of herbs , vines , and petals , and stared at the pillow .
i gazed up at sholto , and he had a crown of woven herbs .
it should have simply hurt , but the summer sunshine fell upon us , and the perfume of herbs and roses , warmed by the life - giving sun , was all around us .
in fact , the stones that had been held together by the herbs were a little lose underfoot , as if whatever had formed them was letting go .
the smell of herbs and roses was thick on the air .
i did not need to look at sholto to know that his crown was in place , a mist of herbs blooming above his pale hair .
the herb crown wove itself to life while the seelie watched .
the herb ring on his finger bloomed white , and his crown bloomed into a haze of pastel flowers .
the scent of roses mingled with the rich scent of herbs and leaves , as if we stood on the edge of some forest glade .
` ` annen , we require your assistance.thutmose has fallen- his ankle is broken.i can see the bone.can you bring your herbs ?
` ` i do know that the priest annen was going to be bring her an herb ... to help her get over her sickness.as you know , she has been ill for the past week or two.i came this morning to tell her that annen has died .
we had no penicillin or antimalarial drugs in ancient egypt.there would be nothing we could do but plaster her in herbs and offer gifts to sekhmet , the goddess of healing.somehow , my opulent surroundings seemed a little tarnished now that the drawbacks stared me in the face .
celegorm wounds beren , and the hound huan turns on his master and pursues him ; ` ` returning he brought to luthien a herb out of the forest .
with that leaf she staunched beren 's wound , and by her arts and her love she healed him ... . '' the motif of the healing herb is a common one , the centre for instance o ( the breton lai of eliduc ( turned into conte by marie de france ) .
in the lay of leithian the wounding and the healing with the herb occupy some 64 lines .
and closer still , the shelves holding bottles full of color - bright or soft - hanks of hanging herbs .
as before , the workshop smelled glorious - smoke and herbs and candle wax .
inside branna 's workshop with the fire simmering , the scents of herbs and candle wax sweetening the air , she 'd learned to expand her own understanding , embrace her power , and begin to polish those raw edges .
he made some sort of thin gravy from the drippings , tossed some herbs in it , then poured it over the chops .
you can smell the peat fire , and the candles just poured , the herbs hanging to dry . ''
she keeps herbs on the windowsill , and the blue and green pottery bowl i gave her for her birthday years ago on the table .
scanning the ingredient list , hannah recognized the herbs from being in pea 's garden .
easily grabbing the herbs she needed , she brought them into the cottage .
after seeing her mother sick in bed for so long , night after night , watching melanie 's great - aunt constance feed her healing herbs and rub her down with medicinal poultices , it was a pleasure to find her mother so worked up over such an inconsequential task .
they 'd gathered the necessary herbs and crystals , but once they were about to begin , the group found they were hardly capable of doing anything in an organized fashion .
` ` she needs something to help her calm down , '' adam said , and diana quickly rummaged through the top drawer of the large pewter dresser they 'd stocked with herbs and medicinal roots .
they walked side by side , her mother carrying a casserole dish and cassie holding a few soothing herbs from the garden .
then she offered her condolences and the soothing herbs to melanie .
cassie felt for the bag of herbs in her tote and looked at her watch .
she trudged through the maze of her grandmother 's herb garden and across the surrounding acre of swaying green grass .
` ` she was with me when i dropped off some herbs for melanie and laurel , '' cassie said .
as always , there was an unpleasant smell about the magician - a smell of secret powders and bitter herbs .
` ` i prepared an ointment for you from some herbs in the garden .
tamra , michela , and louise were out gathering herbs .
in place of peacock , they had capons , crisped up nice and brown and stuffed with onions , herbs , mushrooms , and roasted chestnuts .
it is told that huan pursued the sons of feanor , and they fled in fear ; and returning he brought to luthien a herb out of the forest .
the walls were lined with racks of herbs and potions in earthen jars and vessels of green glass .
` ` but if i spell it , and mix in the proper herbs , it will . ''
` ` are there any ingredients in the nightshade mix that look like other herbs they might have in the kitchen ? ''
` ` i ' ve seen no other herbs , '' said cariena .
laurence scarcely needed to ask for the extended loan of the cooks ; yongxing not only agreed but made it a point to supervise and press them to do more elaborate work , and his own physician was called for and recommended the introduction of various herbs into the dishes .
it is an elixir of potent herbs to give you strength . ''
he drank hot tea made of some sort of herb , and energy seemed to pour through him .
large fish stuffed with grain and herbs , tiny vegetables arranged in geometric patterns , steaming braided bread studded with fruit , paper - thin piles of roast beef , and ripred 's favorite , that shrimp in cream sauce .
as a sitter , suana could demand quarters with windows , and she made full use of her inset balcony as an herb garden .
the room smelled strongly of basil , thyme and a dozen other herbs .
nynaeve said , pulling a few packets of herbs out of the pouch at her side .
the herbs were n't needed , but they would help give him strength following the rigorous healing .
the wide - eyed novice finally returned with a cup and a small packet of herbs .
elderly women - the few in the camp - shuffled past with bent backs and light wicker baskets bearing herbs clutched on thin arms , their shawls rippling as they chatted with crackling voices .
where was her herb pouch ?
she got out some tea leaves and herbs .
fortunately , jesamyn had given him some herbs to chew .
breath that smelled faintly of flatwort , an herb chewed to keep the mind alert when one had been up too long .
nynaeve fished at her pouches for herbs , then stopped short .
perrin could still hear moaning in the hallways outside , and the place smelled of healing herbs and of pain .
she had mixed a draught of herbs for alanna and forced it through her lips .
berelain kept her feet by using some herbs she did not think rosil would approve .
the andilay , nynaeve realized , remembering the herb she 'd used to give the woman strength .
the inside smelled of herbs , and was partitioned with several hanging cloths .
she left the veggies and checked a stock pot on the stove , which sent out an aroma of chicken and herbs when she lifted the lid .
we talked of the temple , our purification , and the feast itself - the bitter herbs , the unleavened bread and the roast lamb , and all the prayers we would say .
and after it was roasted , we dined according to the custom with unleavened bread , and the bitter herbs , telling the story of our captivity in the land of egypt , and how the lord had ransomed us from egypt and brought us through the red sea and to the promised land .
the unleavened bread we ate because we had had no time in fleeing egypt to make bread with leaven ; the bitter herbs we ate because our captivity had been bitter ; the lamb we ate because we were free now and could feast for the lord had saved us ; and it was the blood of the lamb on the lintels of the israelites that had caused the angel of death to pass over us when that angel had slain the firstborn of egypt because pharaoh would n't let us go .
the filet roast was perfect , the vegetables extraordinarily fresh and crisp , and the salad perfectly done with light oil and herbs .
after laura made a particularly luscious salad , of lettuce , tomato , and avocado tossed in the most delicate olive oil with herbs , they sat down to dinner in the breakfast room and reuben , as usual , devoured everything in sight while jim touched a little of this and a little of that .
then she put the finely chopped green onions in and the herbs , taking out pinches of each herb - oregano , thyme , basil - and rubbing each pinch between her hands as she sprinkled it over the salad .
then she put the finely chopped green onions in and the herbs , taking out pinches of each herb - oregano , thyme , basil - and rubbing each pinch between her hands as she sprinkled it over the salad .
the meal was a great success - roast filet , fresh vegetables , pasta , and one of laura , s enormous simple and herb - laden salads .
on the table was quite a spread of almonds , fresh figs , more olives , and some lentils mixed with herbs and ... stuff .
the shelves were filled with various herbs and liquids - all neatly labeled .
meanwhile , he carried one of those old leather doctor 's bags and a special padded backpack containing all sorts of glass tubes and bottles filled with herbs and elixirs .
the instant i wedged open the door , the musty scents of dried herbs and essential oils gone rancid hit my nose like a punch .
i had a bottle of vodka in the house and could probably scrounge up some herbs to make a basic spagyric elixir , but distillation would take up to a week .
some shelves had vials and bottles of liquids and herbs .
` ` did you chant over the herbs ?
uncle sam preferred to sell those flowers , herbs , and plants to big magic companies .
they specialized in filling prescriptions from med wizes and selling over - the - counter herbs and tinctures .
the wall behind the counter was covered in rows of shelves bearing glass canisters of herbs and other components for homemade remedies .
the room was dark and smelled of candle wax and herbs .
johns mother went to stay with her son williams family and left them alone with her marital bed , which she had sprinkled with fresh herbs , whose tantalizing aromas would be released under the pressure of the newlyweds bodies .
while ariana and corra disrobed , gwynn built a fire and added the appropriate herbs for the cleansing .
before they poured the steamed herbs over themselves , ariana prayed for the goddess to give them guidance divine goddess , mother nature , who generates all things and brings forth anew sun which thou hast given to the nations ; guardian of the sky and sea and of all good powers ; through thy influence all nature is hushed and sinks to sleep agan , when it pleases thee , thou send forth the glad daylight and nutrient life with thine eternal securety ; and when the spirit of woman passes to thee it returns .
as the darkness continued to worsen the men indeed returned to their camps and left the cold , injured woman alone in the wilderness she hid in a fallen tree that had been hollowed out by the years of weather and animals the woods finally became silent with the retreat of her pursuers and she eased up from the ground , her shoulder burning with pain and slowly dripping blood from the bullet that had pierced her body nearby a stream gurgled and here she cleansed the wound and packed it with the special herbs that her mother had taught her to use .
so far , it was a typical farm with a modest one and a half story brick house , several rustic outbuildings , a large kitchen and herb garden , a newly planted orchard of apple , cherry and peach trees and two dozen mulberry trees for the beginning of a silk producing operation , six acres of tobacco fields , one acre of corn and wheat , goats and chickens in the yard , pigs in the woods and a newly constructed stable with two magnificent horses .
both robert and jamie were personally acquainted with the man ; three days after robert had injured his leg and when it had appeared that there was no hope of saving it , he had been sent for by roberts wife , but jamie had kicked him out and against kathleens will , had gone himself to fetch mistress warren , the woman who dealt in herbs and lay healing , and brought her back to robert .
there was a moment of silence as robert remained thoughtful , his mind remembering the small , neat two - room home where beatrice warren had lived , her herbs and plants hanging from the open rafters and over the fireplace .
beneath the glow of the small candelabra there was hare simmered in port wine and stuffed with herbs and cinnamon .
the nuns brought food and water plus some more herbs fea requested .
there was precious little good soil suitable to grow herbs and spices needed for healing .
i just need to know if you read about those herbs in this scroll . ''
` ` abbott jowan was very interested when we told him we were looking for special herbs and spices to help in healing the sick .
elizabeth was always after her to share herb mixtures .
why , her mothers special salve and herb teas were nt in that volume and he knew it .
agathas servants were already about their tasks , and as sarah strolled thought the herb garden , she could listen to the low , sweet song of mrs . hempsted as she prepared the morning meal or the rhythmic thump of the axe as oscar split logs for firewood .
if athena could see what hephaestus was actually doing , she would know that he was pressing crushed herbs against the wounds on her head .
but she knew that the herbs were used to wipe rust off of metal .
those who had pneumonia could smell the herbs and be cured of their sickness .
those who wanted their fields to grow in a drought could grind up the herb and scatter it in the ground , to rejuvenate the soil .
athena , still on the floor and holding the herbs to her wound , said , you did wonderfully , brother .
it was exactly as she expected , not a surgical facility at all , as the hierophant had suggested : no hot water or white bandages , no instruments for delicate incision , no prosthetics for limb replacement , no urns of herbs or jars of pungent oils , as she 'd seen at kleito 's .
lady hipparete is here to help , but has no herbs for birthing afflictions . ''
kleito spoke words of departure while giving melaina a supply of kakhry , fruit of the herb libanotis .
before bed , she ingested the rest of the herb kleito had given melaina , the kakhry , to produce milk .
finally , in our mouths she placed a rolled up mass of herbs and clay and a specialized ingredient for the both of us - in hers , a pieces of the rope that had killed her and in mine , shards of glass from the bottle of poison i had drank .
the ball of herbs and glass and clay alava had placed in my mouth had dissolved , but it left behind a stinging sensation .
usually ma bichette stewed herbs in hot water and then rinsed herself with that , but that would not scrub off the residue and sweat and mud that speckled her soft and dusky skin .
we entered a large room scented with sweet herbs and flowers .
she found nesta in the hut as shed left her , although now she was grinding some herb between two stones .
the decangi learned ones passed around skins containing a beverage called curmi , which they said was made from fermented barley and herbs .
i was alone that day , out gathering herbs in the forest .
she thought of her grandmother , imagining nesta in the autumn woods , collecting herbs for her medicines , small and frail , her skin and hair near as pale as silver , like the mist flowing along the forest floor .
the tongue and tripe had been minced and baked into pies , seasoned with sweet herbs , spices , and currants .
hoelun nursed the baby at her sore and udder - big breasts , while the otoshi droned songs that made sense to spirits and to infants , and boiled up herbs to stimulate her milk or to save her from insistent urination on the hour .
you see , her grandmother was ill , and little redcape 's mother asked her to take a basket of herbs and some soup and fresh bread to her . ''
` ` herbs will make no difference to my fate . ''
` ` when i take the girls for their stroll , i collect leaves , bark , medicinal herbs ` ` ` ` and poisonous toadstools ? ''
it 's rare to find a mate who can hand me the herb i need before the words have left my lips !
she used to make a little money selling herbs and simples to the villagers for cures .
i thought to meself , a few herbs are n't going to do me any harm .
then she saw that nan had noticed the interchange between herself and huw and gave her a look which said , so that s the way it is.- after the meal nan mixed some herbs in a glass , poured in hot water , stirred vigorously , wrapped the glass in a napkin and handed it to amy , with a nod towards the parlour .
what s in these herbs , mom ?
this entwines with a slight aroma of herbs dancing on her softly hued black hair .
feeling the effects waning , he raised to his knees , grimacing as the bruised leg banged a rock , leaning then to fill the canteen and spying a cluster of wild onions and herbs useful in making a poultice .
the herbs acrid scent distracted him from his news .
the fishermen served fish with garlic and fresh herbs and baked potatoes .
jack often helped brother leo with his herb garden and made sure that the soil was rich to produce healthy herbs .
he was always busy experimenting with his herbs .
the weeping madonna the smell of herbs and leather followed steve on the way to the market .
steve closed his eyes , indulging in the scent of all the different herbs .
that is not a problem , replied brother benedict who was brewing a tea with herbs based on a recipe of brother leo .
steve asked , looking at brother benedict , who was dissolving herbs in hot water .
the bakers baked a variety of different breads adding all sorts of herbs such as thyme , basil and rosemary .
she is in the next room checking the herbs , why ?
tamara and mia spoke to fea who was listlessly checking the supply of herbs and spices used in treating patients .
less than twelve months later two young nuns arrived on lios mr to pick herbs and spices for their monastery just down the coast on jura .
they passed cups of wine , spiced with herbs among the initiates , and continued to dance as the music became louder and faster .
grabbing a handful of herbs from an adjacent bowl , she threw it on the burning coals .
` ` i have collected many papyruses , herbs and medicines that the egyptian physicians use , also chemicals they use to preserve the dead .
i have brought some herbs with me that my father used to use for abdominal troubles .
and maggie knew , as surely as these accused women did , of the herbs needed to prevent a pregnancy continuing .
anyway , sarah claims the herbs made her sick ; she developed a fever and was kept to her bed for some days .
she blames jenny , although that might have less to do with the herbs and more to do with the fact that bill tried to court jenny before he married sarah .
lizzie held her tight , breathing in the familiar scent of her , of the herbs they worked with daily , the familiar smells she had grown up with , warm and comforting , the scent of home .
only on the rare occasions when maggie needed to travel to another village for certain herbs or ingredients were samuel and lizzie were left alone .
they were busy enough for conversation to be minimal anyway , pickling vegetables for the coming winter months and drying and storing the herbs they would need to cope with the ailments that came along with the cold weather .
in the end they packed the few clothes they had , some linen and sheets for the baby , and the herbs they might need on their journey and for lizzies labour , including peppermint to make the trip more comfortable .
this was where the smoke was coming from ; the fire had been lit , and the herbs and plants from the jars were burning , the smoke rising in sickening clouds , the mixed aromas thickening the air .
its alight , the cottage , its on fire , smoke was pouring from the door , the stench of burnt herbs filling the air .
these few jars of herbs , tatty blankets and clothes were all that they had left in the world .
although skilled in the use of herbs and plants , nothing maggie had given to samuel had made a difference .
but alice was sure that whenever those same people needed something , some curative for an affliction , a draught of herbs to see off an infection , or a potion to restore or relieve , they would turn to hannah , conveniently forgetting the names they had whispered as she had passed them in the street , or the doors they had slammed in her face when times were hard and she was in need herself .
they mixed the herbs and clay she had brought in her bag with boiling water into a mixture and packed it around the wound , tied with a hot towel .
nannie mixed another herb with water and with johns help , held it to angies mouth and poured it down her throat .
the smell of spices and herbs tickled her nose as she made her way to a stool , usually reserved for a spit boy , by one of the fires .
you see , in my abbey , we have a particular monk who is very skilled in the use of herbs .
beyond the lamp , he made out the black beams of the low ceiling and the green bundles of drying herbs .
eventually , ill use it all then switch to available herbs .
grateful that she had shown me the value of the different uses of spices and herbs , i would be picking bits of plants everywhere we went .
katalina managed to stop the bleeding with herbs she picked off the ground .
jennifer waved a bouquet of fresh scented herbs around them to ward off evil spirits .
there he better retained the bland dishes mixed with medicinal herbs cooked by shareef than he could the greasy army rations .
he thanked his hosts as trudy handed him the first plate of stew seasoned by wild herbs picked before daybreak .
they played dice for a while , and tanaquil heated a little wine with herbs and honey for him ; it was all he could drink .
tanaquil brought him a herb infusion some nights , when he 'd given up turning in the bed and trying to sleep , and had got up to pace the room .
he smelt marsh herbs , and the rankness of a stagnant channel where the water was scummed with green decaying weed .
they were still eating the fruits of summer ; karite had roasted and pickled them in vinegar and honey , or in oil with mustard , and she had preserved cheese , too , in oil with mountain herbs .
egerius admired the economy of the women 's kitchen ; the strings of onions and garlic already hung up , the boxes of dried herbs , the small pots for fresh herb through the winter .
egerius admired the economy of the women 's kitchen ; the strings of onions and garlic already hung up , the boxes of dried herbs , the small pots for fresh herb through the winter .
later , when they were alone , drinking a last cup of warm wine in the small garden where tanaquil grew her herbs , and bees drifted lazily through the lavender , he looked up at her , and said ; ` ` he 'll do . ''
the place stank , a mixture of woodsmoke , cooking smells and shit ; but as their path climbed , they left it behind , for the scent of pine and gorse and bracken and the heath herbs , and tanaquil could let the little bitch run free again .
she 'd put a handful of herbs on it ; a resinous scent with something rotten and sweet under it .
two chairs , a table with a krater , a jug and two wine cups , and a bowl with olives macerated in herbs and oil ; nothing out of the ordinary for an etruscan villa , but when he looked more closely , he saw the krater was by sophilos , or one of his followers the freedom with which the figures leapt , ran , ducked , black against the light ochre of the clay , witnessed its quality , and its price .
she 'd brought herbs ; rosemary , the broad leaves of sage rough as cats ' tongues .
she told him about the recipes she used to make with her mother for the feast ; the dried fruit cakes , sweet but hard on the teeth , bound up with flour and honey ; the honeyed meats , the meat stew in wine with puffy , herb - laden dumplings ; the spiced , heated wine , for which each family guarded its own secret recipe that went back to the beginnings of the family and of etruria itself .
two or three other herbs ... it 's a fairly standard mixture . ''
they talked a little about plants , after that ; the use of willow bark against inflammation , the culinary herbs , those that gave visions ` ` false visions , '' tanaquil said , ` ` and no prophecies '' the mushrooms , good and evil .
there were slivers of rich meat in a sweet white almond sauce ; there were walnuts and hazelnuts ground up in a mortar with herbs and oil and spice ; there was venison , dark and sumptuous , cooked in a black honeyed gravy spiked with last year 's vinegar .
there was only the effigy , crowned with the golden wreath , the massive gold amulets hanging on its chest , a beaten gold mask staring out ; and beneath it , the crushed body , wrapped and shrouded and scattered with fresh herbs and nailed into the cypress - wood chest as tanaquil had demanded .
yngvild told him , ` ` magic herbs mixed with honey . ''
a bronze vat of special mead -- brewed with magic herbs , and only drank on this one day of the year -- was carried by slaves into the small , temporary hall that had been built on the site of the old one .
beans , peas and herbs were picked and then laid out to dry in the autumnal sun on the stone veranda that faced south .
there would be fine white bread not the rough brown stuff we usually ate as well as smoked cheese , followed by goose which had been boiled in a floured bag with butter and herbs and hung in a cauldron .
from the villa came the sound of a wooden spoon being clattered against an iron cooking pot and from the kitchen door drifted the smell of herbs and cooked meat .
jugs of locally pressed olive oil were stored next to the jars of herbs and spices and if you did nt get a chance to make your own , nicololitto made an excellent salsa pomadoro and an even better vino tinto .
on the back wall was a small altar , where various herbs hung drying next to a large statue of the virgin mary .
la stregha vechia went back to her altar and gathered some dried herbs and other items hanging from various nooks and crannies around her altar .
behind the house was a small stable , where the pigs and chickens were kept and where carmellas mother dried all of the herbs and roots she used for cooking and curing .
an assortment of dried herbs hung on the walls , and different pieces of dried roots , fungi , and other shriveled unrecognizable bits sat in jars and bowls on the various shelves and small tables in the room .
i was pounding herbs in a mortar with my hardwood pestle , thumping the harder as i thought of what i would like to do to the cavaliers if they attacked , when elizabeth whittle came into my shop .
the floor itself would have been swept clean of the old , crumbled and crumb - filled rushes and strewn with fresh ones and sweet - smelling herbs .
he d been fine , breathing easily , when she had told sir richard that she was going back to the storehouse for fresh herbs and bandages and to sleep for several hours .
i have herbs here that when steeped in boiling water will lessen the pain .
if you give me these herbs , i can take them back to rhuddlan .
she untangled bronwens hand and went to a corner cupboard in which she kept jars of various dried herbs .
the healer had given her herbs to chew which would settle her stomach but she had thrown them down the garderobe when she had seen how it was between the lord and the woman who had brought him back to life .
i ve got dried herbs and flowerschamomile and rose petalsthat would calm you and help you to sleep , my lady , gwalaes said .
and then she was annoyed when i told her there was no scented soap but when i offered to throw crushed herbs in the water instead she very curtly refused .
noise swirled all around him , addling wits dulled by pain and the herb drink .
and because the chapels western side opened onto the rear of the castle , open windows in the summer allowed pungent smells from the stables and latrines to waft in , tempered only by a bountiful crop of herbs in the kitchen garden which stood in between .
her servants had cleaned him well and wrapped him tightly but it was still too early in the season for the harvest of the herbs which , through generous distribution about the chapel and in his shroud , would have hidden that scent of death .
i will show you my herb garden and we can put our heads together .
i put herbs in there that should help the headache .
once there , she would set up in the market , and sell fresh herbs from her garden , or ground up ingredients with her granite mortar and pestle to relieve peoples ailments .
for most of the trip they spoke of herbs and healing remedies .
whether it was because his dog was safe or the herb was dulling his pain , seraina could not be sure .
it stank with some kind of herbs that he had been burning , and in the back , ellie had found that jake had converted his old workbench into something resembling an altar .
heart and mind care , that s jimmys prescriptionusually two or three drops of some diluted poisonous medicinal herbs snuck into boxworths morning coffee .
we went to a new section holding herbs and others for medical purposes .
some of them stole off to those cryptical realms which are known only to cats and which villagers say are on the moon 's dark side , whither the cats leap from tall housetops , but one small black kitten crept upstairs and sprang in carter 's lap to purr and play , and curled up near her feet when she lay down at last on the little couch whose pillows were stuffed with fragrant , drowsy herbs .
she was prone to night - time walks , dressed all in black , and was frequently spotted bringing magical herbs into her home .
tell em what else , herb , hot tamale prompted .
you wanted to get that herb for ms . beasley , and i tried to talk you out of going , amaya remembered .
but she loved the blue ones , and she was always talking about saving money the bed was different , too , he realized slowly : a circular mattress on the floor by the window , covered by a white duvetdown , he thought , scented with herbs .
and tossed in a small , cloth bag of mixed herbs .
but he worked nonetheless , helpless to stop , fighting through the pain of enlightenment and confusion as he prepared the mixtures and herbs , transfixed as his fingers flew about their business : each step in the process unfolding with sparkling clarity , as if with him since childhood and only now accepting to loose the secret .
i received : two short bits of wood , several handguns , a grenade launcher , a sword with a detailed skull etched on the handle a small but powerful crossbow and a barrel full of arrows a strange red herb , and an inexplicably chilled can of beer .
apparently the herb mat was strong enough to bear their weight without breaking .
it was covered by an herb mat , but in its center stood the golden mushroom .
a proprietary blend of taurine , ginseng , caffeine , acai , and the sacred herb mucunatraditionally used by voodoo priests to enhance concentration and focus .
to the left and right of the table were entrances to circular rooms , both of which held a variety of bookcases , vials , liquids , and herbs .
if one were to step inside this store , one would find on a set of shelves in the back behind the counter and behind andrei , the austere shop owner , the typical contents of an apothecarys shop : the herbs , balms , ointments and oils that usually represented the entirety of an apothecarys stock .
the mask had two glass eyes and a long nose , within which a vinegar - soaked sponge and a handful of herbs were placed at the tip .
it was an almost ordinary place , save the herbs hanging below the cabinets and the bottles of colored liquid on the windowsill .
along with food , herbs , and spices to aid him in the afterlife , golden statues , figures and various treasures were also enclosed within the tomb .
removing the curse should be fairly simple -- a little blood root mixed with some herbs with a lock of your hair .
almira filled her black pot with water and various unknown herbs .
a hint of spice , paprika maybe , with herbs , basted with a light garlic cream .
soaking in fat , bathed in salt and juices , the butter , herbs , and garlic basted flank challenged his pallet with a dazzling array of flavors .
i assumed i was seeing things from the various herbs and supplements i 'd been taking , but it was so vivid .
sitting alone in the dark , breathing in the smoke from certain herbs thrown onto the fire , he succumbed to the warm peaceful feeling and allowed the tiny dancing flames to draw him in .
he sprinkled a few more herbs onto the flames and deeply inhaled the ensuing aromatic smoke .
i used to think at first that the fresh light and soft air , impregnated with the odor of herbs and leaves , would instill new life into my veins and impart fresh energy to my heart .
they healed themselves with tantric rituals and medicinal herbs from their fields of crops and greenhouse gardens , until they were strong enough to once again perform the sacred ceremony of conjoinment .
tony ordered everyone back into the barracks except for george stankowski and herb avery .
sandy thought herb was simply partial to the magazines in the upstairs crapper .
justin is thumping herb all around the head and shoulders and hollering pay up , you son of a buck , pay up !
herb was trying to shake him off , neither of them looking at me or even knowing i was there , standing by the mr coffee in my brand - new skirt .
out they went , more slinking than walking , and for quite awhile afterward they steered wide around me , herb shamefaced and justin islington still wearing that puzzled , offended look ?
they showed up in dispatch at two in the afternoon , justin first , with the bouquet , and herb behind him .
some sort of herb , i think , although i ' m not sure . ''
some sort of herb , he had said , but it had n't sounded like leaves or even powder to polly .
' wolf , i 'll bet you 're great at sniffing out herbs and things back in the territories , but this is the country of bad smells , remember ?
jack thought he had probably gone in search of more herbs in order to administer the equivalent of a booster shot .
for a moment all three of them were silent , as if considering the world and its not - so - amusing ways : herb , his bulk squashed into the phone nook bench with his knees crushed up against the underside of the desk and a bouquet of plastic flowers in his face : vera with her knees planted on the hallway furnace grille ; the unseen sergeant meggs was in a strange auditory way witnessing this black comedy .
she would wait , and when they came back , herb smith would tell her what she needed to know .
yet there were others who were nothing but con - men and women , and herb was alarmed by his wife 's increasing inability to recognize these .
there was a letter from herb smith every ten days to two weeks - vera had her pen - friends , and he had his .
dr . strawns , the doctor who had talked to herb and vera and sarah in the conference room on the day following the accident , had died of burns in late 1973 .
four days before nixon resigned , herb smith fell into the foundation of a house he was building in gray , landed on a wheelbarrow , and broke his leg .
that was the year herb turned fifty - two , vera fifty one , and sarah hazlett twenty - seven .
while vera had prayed for a miracle , herb had prayed for his boy to die .
she left the room , casting a single victorious glance at herb as she went .
she looked from herb to johnny and back to herb again .
' if you put your trust in god , johnny ... ' vera began , taking no notice of herb at all .
the old twist - the - ear trick had been a punishment herb had reserved for the gravest of errors .
anyway , walt was stuck in washington for three weeks on combined firm and republican party business , and sarah thought she might take one afternoon and come by pownal to see johnny and herb , if it was no trouble .
they watched denny play with the old wooden cars and trucks that a much younger herb smith had made for his own son over a quarter of a century ago .
a younger herb smith who had been married to a tough , good - humored woman who would sometimes drink a bottle of black label beer in the evening .
in the words of herb smith , who had been down once to check out johnny 's new digs , chuck was ' a regular guy ' .
johnny had gone up to pownal for the weekend and after an entire friday night of watching his father fidget and laugh uproariously at jokes on tv that were n't particularly funny , he had asked herb what the trouble was .
they do n't raid our towns and villages and in return we simply trade weapons with them for furs , herbs and spices .
there was a rather pungent smell of incense and herbs lurking in the air .
the smell of the garlic and herbs from the other rooms was adding to my longing for our dinner to come .
then she lights a candle and puts that in the bowl with some herbs or spices or some magic potion .
mesquite , cajun , italian garlic , and my own lcs secret sauce with over twenty different herbs and spices .
lastly , he pulled out some mountain herbs he had gathered on his ride to bomont 's ranch .
he carefully sliced the meat and vegetables into the pot and measured in the herbs and spices .
they drive on , passing a chinese acupuncture and herb clinic , a club called 18 cert which advertises live music and a plasma screen , a shop called noctule which advertises vampire shirts , gothic equipment and witchcraft and wicca magazine and a private shop where endive and chicory argue over the price of love- eggs and thongs .
on such uncommonly good days , mitra returned to peddling his hair tonic with gusto , extolling the multitude of virtues of a preparation he described as his patented authentic ashtahvaidyan ayurvedic hair restorer ( or triple a for short ) , complete with its secret formula of eleven hush - hush proprietary herbs and its veritable marsala of common spices .
and at least the eleven secret herbs and spices of triple a did no harm , even though they consistently failed to grow new hair on anyones naked pate , mitra thought , as he made a show of his victorian - age verbosity , spouting unnecessary politeness and elaborate courtesies as he delivered the charming , non - threatening patter that always sold at least a few passers - by a bottle ( and sometimes two ) of his over - priced snake oil .
when she got back she mixed up a tiny batch of the herbs and spices as a hot cordial .
claudio explained that they also had a small orchard in which they grew apples , lemons and soft fruit , a kitchen garden with root vegetables , cabbage and herbs , as well as enough pasture for the three cattle that provided them with an income from the sale of milk and beef .
sheep of course were very important to the romans who brought with them flocks of a hornless , white faced , short haired variety which they used to cross with the native breeds and better the quality of the animals , thus improving the character of what the beasts produced , the items of apparel made from the wool , the raw materials for writing such as parchment , or simply the good healthy mutton roasted with mediterranean herbs and spices .
but what we do is shove it in the oven , dry it , crunch it up and use it as a herb tastes like , erwell , has a delicate earthy quality .
and then , of course you ve got tage , tasilthe tamagean herb , you know ?
think of it as a challenge far past getting more market herbs .
she gloomed around her at the sea of grass she was surrounded by ; gathering herbs to eat alone in the sun was n't much fun either .
henna stamped a small foot at the herbs in her hand in annoyance .
today she was out in the badlands by herself , picking herbs , while officially being staked out as live bait for one of the rare traveling merchant caravans that still traveled thru here .
that 's when the herbs came in .
and dousing the more persistent of her randy bandit neighbors with her armory of herbs when troubles came up .
the night somebody had taken some of her smellier herbs and tossed them into the stew - pot was n't her fault , either .
henna 's personal herb armory had been getting sparse of late and needed the replenishing .
not that she 'd be better off sleeping away from the camp tonight , not with her herb weapons and a well - known habit of getting more than even with pests , annoyances and the light - fingered .
as she hoped , the two bandits took one look at her talking to the skulls under her hanging strings of drying herbs , brightly colored flowers and small bags of spices in low tones , then left her strictly alone .
putting her tools away carefully so any roving wanders that happened thru the tent could n't take them , she retired to her own bedroll underneath the rows of drying herbs , after carefully booby - trapped her corner of the tent so that any idle curiosity about her tools , bedroll or supplies got repaid with some fairly instant and even more embarrassing pain .
when she missed something , the screaming that resulted from an idiot messing with her herbs usually told her where to look for whatever had gone missing .
henna muttered , looking over her string of drying herbs .
herbs and fresh spices .
you do n't want any help , you do n't want any of my herbs , you wo n't let me look at your notes on the gate .
not only was it a weird mountain tea from herbs she 'd gathered yesterday , she was brewing it in the only pot / cup / container she had with her .
a quick bath in a mountain lake does n't do dry herbs a lot of good , does it ?
at least i have herbs in my sack .
yes , but it 's mostly herbs and spices .
she started mentally going thru the herbs in her knap to see what kind of defenses she could make .
they 're herbs for childbirth .
my biggest regret was the town was still two days away and that i 'd probably collapse from the sheer effort of carrying both the witch and her herbs long before we got there .
well deliberated arnold , its a sort of crab mix , really , he burbled , crab , herbs , a few surprises , a bit of mayonnaise its got wedged underneath my palate , said the delightful miss moseley .
now thenbay leaves , bay leaves he mutters , before producing a tiny plastic pouch which contains the herb .
i sliced into a loaf of homemade hot italian herb bread which i had pulled out of the oven right before i left that evening and then passed around a small bowl of olive oil and herb mixture in which to dip our decadent bread .
i sliced into a loaf of homemade hot italian herb bread which i had pulled out of the oven right before i left that evening and then passed around a small bowl of olive oil and herb mixture in which to dip our decadent bread .
italian herb bread 1 - 1/4 cups water 1 - 1/2 tablespoons olive oil 1 teaspoon garlic salt 3 - 1/2 cups white bread flour 2 teaspoons granulated sugar 1 tablespoon dried parsley 1/3 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese 2 teaspoons dried , minced onion 1 teaspoon basil 1 teaspoon oregano 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder 2 teaspoons active dry yeast place ingredients in bread machine according to manufacturers instructions .
' ok guys , that 's it ... no shit , no herbs .
they threw their choppings into the pot on the stove , added some beef stock and some herbs , and set the burner to simmer .
in a reverie he had felt strong and slender arms hook underneath him , and he was dragged from the rain to a place that was warm and full of healing , and though he could not wake he felt their ministrations , the owners of these faces with white light behind them saying ` ` no , not yet you ve work to do , you ca nt come home yet , '' and so he let them clean his suit and tend his wounds and place a strong - fragranced poultice of wild herbs on his forehead that instantly relaxed him , and then he sank into even a deeper sleep in which even none of this mattered , save for the remembrance that they were some of the sexiest angels he had ever seen .
they 're talking about adding fresh herbs and organics .
or was it c - h - e - r - i - b for carrots , herbs , eggs , root beer , ice cream and beets ?
our kitchen is full of strange herbs and spices . ''
as the guy did a backward belly - flop into my herb garden .
chequered red and white tablecloths begging patrons to sit , a mixture of ground roast coffee beans and herbs permeating the space , and pulsed whiffs of vanilla and caramel home - made ice cream invading the senses .
i 'd often hear him in the shower crooning sappy mush like this guy 's in love with you , while herb albert and the tijuana brass provided much needed backup on the toilet seat .
she cross - referenced and got : son ( bath ) , a reference to medea ( qv ) reviving son , father of jason , with the juices of various herbs .
she spends much of her time at the commune spinning yarns , advising people on the distillation process for producing essential oils from plants and herbs and manufacturing necklets , small wooden cats , icons , carvings and candles for sale at art and craft fairs .
he found some herb in the garden and made a drink out of it .
the doctor gave nasrudin an herb and said , eat this , and your dreams will go away .
the son replied , that is an herb used for seasoning .
my mouth still reeks like a french mans armpit only now i have added herbs to the mix with stalks sticking in the gaps of my mouldy coloured teeth .
he asks the waiter could you tell me about the choice of herbs available and where you buy them from ?
oh , why did jed have to be some sort of expert on the subject as even the poor waiter looks dumbfounded by his knowledge of the romans bringing that particular herb to our shores and culinary delights ?
the only herbs i ever use in cooking are usually the ones from dried old dusty bottles that reside in the backs of cupboards for years on end before being inspired by some gastro guru on some telly programme to be more adventurous , dangerous more like as those herbs had probably turned into medicines by now .
the only herbs i ever use in cooking are usually the ones from dried old dusty bottles that reside in the backs of cupboards for years on end before being inspired by some gastro guru on some telly programme to be more adventurous , dangerous more like as those herbs had probably turned into medicines by now .
they experimented with herbs and spices and recipes from around the world .
through the window box filled with mothers herbs , i can see my grown daughter hiding on the little hill behind the pine tree i gave mom when i was ten .
watering the herb garden as the sun starts its descent is one of my favorite pastimes .
the air is usually still this time of year , with a crisp quality intensified by the spray of water raining over my herbs .
james struggled to resurrect the scent of her , a scent of herbs and earth .
he was disappointed in his hope that esther would have gone out to her jardin potager to fetch herbs , so that he might scrape the uneaten omelet into the garbage pail and bury it under the slops .
so entirely was it taken up with meat and vegetables and herbs and wine and bread and cheese and sweets and dishes and cups and saucers and mugs and utensils and pots and pans and linens and and cotton and leather and polish and washtubs and soap and water and brooms and mops and dustbins and garbage and trash and compost and commodes that he had to doubt whether any room was left for the most elementary explanations of things , let alone for doctrine and religious belief .
in the kitchen margie put the finishing touches on the simple meal of salmon baked with lemon and herbs , salad and hot rolls .
the place where you could hang up tomatoes or herbs .
joe was relieved when thomas wife came in to invite them to file singly through the myriad rooms to the kitchen where she served corn and bean soup with bread and an herb that tasted like a mint and a hot pepper .
just to be sure , the man tied one end of a piece of cotton string to his wifes ankle when she finally fell into her deep , herb induced sleep .
when he ran out of the sleeping inducing herb he visited his sister - in - law to get more and she told him she wanted to visit her sister first and try to talk some sense into her and he said go ahead and try .
nevertheless , as she served herself some cannelloni and savoured the aroma of the herbs , she took the initiative to continue the discussion about blake ancestors , in the hope she could stave off further confrontation about more current issues .
the smell of herbs and leaf - mould quietened his head .
the rosemary , sage and lemon balm needed to be dug up from the herb garden , potted and brought inside if they were to survive the winter .
if you take the plants away , how will i make the herb tea for my own people when we are afflicted ? ''
` ` we would need a small amount of the dried herbs , for experimentation and study , '' baldwin admits .
she hopes she remembers correctly that the herbs can withstand the heat of cooking .
i mix it with italian herbs and spices , put it in things like spaghetti and pizza .
kat 's spaghet - tea sauce , with a secret mixture of herbs and spices , distributed exclusively at rallies and fund - raisers . ''
let 's say it 'll be an apple ginger spicy thing with an earthy undertone characteristic of kat 's secret blend of herbs and spices .
we 'll be acquiring them for food use , as spices and herbs , not for any medicinal purpose .
gene leaned on his arms as he switched from squat to kneeling alongside the landscape timbers restricting the herbs to their allocated space .
a cornucopia in the refrigerator , where it would have been more appropriate to leave that white lighted , sepulchral receptacle empty except for water and bitter herbs .
madame noir was thinking of changing the decor - some herbs in pots , to give a forest effect .
there was n't a whole lot to see , just flour and oil and rice and beans , sugar and salt and a few herbs and spices .
there was a druid symbol ( three parallel lines with dots above them surrounded by a circle ) painted on a wall between two oak shelves of jars , potion bottles and plastic bags filled with herb mixtures .
the middle sections were dedicated to bulk products like coffee beans , tea leaves , herbs and spices like cinnamon , cardamom , nutmeg , several kinds of peppers ( not black ) and ginger in their kernel or unground forms .
i had no concept of what fresh herbs and spices were .
i began to understand why my girlfriend , who happened to work part time as a cook for a country club , made the comments she did about fresh herbs .
this plan b came in a plethora of prescription and over the counter drugs , herbs , teas , you - name - its .
i ' ve been in a band , know how to ride a skateboard , been in a helicopter , won a spelling bee , survived a car accident , ran the bases at wrigley , kissed the stanley cup , threw a cup of piss at a bus driver , seen mount rushmore , tasted some great beer , driven halfway across the country , lived in seattle for seven days , smoked some hellacious herb , never had a bad trip on mushrooms , fucked some sexy ass women , been to five lollapaloozas in a row , been to vegas , saw michael jordan play live , been the star of several viral videos , dodged a bullet , was the lead in a play , touched some amazing people 's lives with great advice and emotional moments , and finally , had my one great love .
and then i found i was there , just like the first time when i had seen her working in her herb garden , that patch of lushness , cut into the yellow , salt - burned grass .
he had followed madhuri on her weekly gathering of wild herbs and spices in the outlying fields and light woods , a mile or so beyond the edge of town .
she carried him most of the way , nursing him back to health with clear water and herbs ( which he detestedwhos ever heard of a vegetarian snake , he saidbut was too tired to refuse ) .
she knows i m looking for the figure i used to have , so she brings salads and soups made with her fresh herbs .
the best selling mainstream books are a great draw for the skeptical husbands who are here with their spouses , and the fresh herbs and teas even bring customers in who are just looking for culinary supplies .
the kitchen is surprisingly bare save from julias massive supply of vitamins and herbs lined up on the counter and the ginger ale and 7 - up in the refrigerator .
i find a woman who sells herbs in santa barbara .
i have some chinese herbs ill send , tell her to take as directed .
the other one is for her , along with the chinese herbs of course .
rain has me on a new regimen of herbs that seem to help with my energy level when they do nt make me feel like puking .
ill keep taking the herbs and my meds , which will at least buy us some time .
the herbs and the healing sessions seemed to help for a while , but it 's too much now .
the feast you hold should be reflective , perhaps on the deaths which may have recently occurred during the winter , hallowed with unleavened bread and bitter herbs .
then you stuff it with bread and herbs , and it makes this amazing turkey stuffing .
the absinthe tasted of herbs and was very refreshing .
the fairground is already teeming with vendors selling blueberries , leeks , eggs , early corn , flowers , cabbage , beeswax , zucchini , jams , cherries , biscuits , spinach , red velvet cakes , onions , kale , sweet peppers , fruit pies of every imaginable variety , eggplant , raw milk , asparagus , fudge , butter , preserves , nectarines , cheese , scallions , honey , basil , lettuce , chard , summer squash , candles , pigs feet , honey dew , peaches , carrots , radishes , collards , green beans , herb tinctures , snap peas , cucumbers , live chickens , and green onions .
the man was smoking an herb that kane had never smelled before in all of his experience with substances .
what you can do is grow a garden of medicinal herbs for you and your community ; spread the word , because you have the power .
i guess it all depends on your personal relationship with the herb .
a tincture is when you soak the herb or root in alcohol ( like brandy , kirsch or vodka even tequila ! )
the alcohol draws all the potency out of the herb into itself and you can then dispose of the fibres .
at the same time , sasha was applying some of the herbs from her wreath to stop the blood flow from a gash on a young roman soldiers head .
in this moment , damian was looking at sasha as she put grass and herbs on his wounded hand , but his mind was returning to an earlier experience .
in the meantime one man ground up some herbs and powder with the mortar and pestle and handed it to the priest who placed it in the triangle .
i edged out the smelly herb burning on the table .
in the larger , more ornate , houses there were even special rooms set aside for ingesting the smoke from smoldering herbs , while other rooms were used solely for a game called billiards in which grown men would use long thin rods of wood to push small balls around a cloth - covered , slate - topped table .
harry sat at his side and sipped the fragrant jungle herb tea .
i mean its mainly melted cheese after all mixed with white wine and some garlic and herbs with bread .
table of contents glossary prologue chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 chapter 28 chapter 29 chapter 30 chapter 31 chapter 32 chapter 33 chapter 34 chapter 35 epilogue characters in an unforgivable secret hannah stolzfus protagonist , christians aldi ( sweetheart ) deborah stolzfus hannahs younger sister miriam stolzfus hannahs mother silas stolzfus hannahs father christian glick hannah 's beau samuel beachy christians best friend , also a friend of hannah peter beachy samuels younger brother , deborahs beau paul beachy samuels father timothy beachy samuels uncle in ohio carolanne samuels long - distance aldi judah hostettler bishop of paradise amish church district jonathan fisher minister chloe midwife , protagonist of chloes revelation danika yoder herb doctor , protagonist of danikas journey joanna scott jonathans older sister , protagonist of joannas struggle caleb scott joannas husband , missionary julia teen from out - of - state amish district kristine englisch girl unofficial glossary of pennsylvania dutch words ab i m kopp crazy ach oh ausbund amish hymn book bloobier blueberry boppli baby bopplin babies bruder brother dat , daed dad dawdi grandfather demut humility denki thanks der herr the lord dochder daughter dokter doctor dummkopp dummy englischer a non - amish person ferhoodled mixed up , crazy fraa woman , wife gern gheschen you re welcome gott god grank sick , ill grossboppli grandbaby gross dawdi great grandfather gut good guten mayrie good morning guten nacht good night haus house hiya hi hochmut pride hullo hello ich liebe dich i love you jah yes kapp prayer covering kinskinner grandchildren kumm come lieb love liede song mamm mom mammi grandmother mei lieb my love mein liewe my dear mudder mother nee no ordnung rules of the amish community rumspringa running around years schatzi honey schweschder sister vadder father verboten forbidden vorsinger song leader wilkom welcome wunderbaar wonderful prologue it is a secret i intend to keep buried forever .
the sooner she began taking her pregnancy herbs , the better chance she would have at a healthy pregnancy .
meanwhile , you do your best to stay healthy , follow the diet suggested by danika yoder , and take the herbs she 's recommended .
i think you should go see danika yoder and get some herbs .
episote is an herb that i have been told goes best with fish .
mr . solomon his first name was ariyah , which meant lion in hebrew - was hummus minus all the rapturous herbs and spices no tahini , no garlic , no fresh lemon , no jalapeo pepper .
she sprinkled a small dusting of herbs from a spice bottle into the palm of her hand and held it under my nose .
of course , my mother would teach cheryl how to bake breads , not just the exotic dessert loafs with fruit , eggs , cream and honey but the hearty traditional recipes with fresh herbs , whole wheat , molasses and sour dough starter .
time and again i would find myself reminiscing about our visits to his family estate on lake balaton , the succulent roast rabbit in the aromatic herb sauce , the ivory handles on the silverware , the lingering smell of pine trees .
the chinese man gave her various jars of herbs and some tinctures in alcohol .
of course , rare exceptions were made in the case of illness , but this , too , could nt be faked easily , unless one maintained the resolve to affect an unkempt look and a fatigue - ridden speech pattern , sufficient enough to continue the pretense through the next few days of visits by neighbors bearing soups or herbal remedies and speaking in intolerably sympathetic tones of voice and prattling on about some relative or the other and how he or she had once become deathly ill , only to realize that the answer to his or her problems lay in the healing powers of some obscure herb whose name was difficult to pronounce , but which grew in some remote province of a country that no one in town had ever visited , therefore , justifying the possibility that it may be more effective than other , more commonly - known remedies .
the doc prescribed a special herb which helped deaden the trauma of the hallucinations , but did little to inhibit any of the other symptoms .
a satchel of herb was pulled out of the drawer and he began to pack the mini - waterpipe as he sat on the couch .
i was offered a vacation package to jamaica but smoking herb was out of the question .
it is risky when they venture deep into the forests for herbs , as wild animals in jungle often attack them .
jason indicated an herb adrian had retrieved from the vegetable bin .
it was a very bland omelet , crying out for veggies , herbs , or salsa .
next to the master crouched an herb lady on the floor .
the peace had already been closed when she still often strolled up and down in the little herb garden behind the palace by the side of the convalescing old man and listened to his speeches on the power and mysteries of nature .
different sized natural wood and herb incense sticks had been burning , but it was without realizing it that the amount and frequency increased until the little room was full of thick smoke .
ana eyed mckenzies dish ; he was making a mess of the bnh xo , turmeric crepe fried to a crisp then stuffed with shrimp , bean sprouts and fresh herbs .
i mean , your moms cooking is to die for , but she ca nt get some of the spices and herbs you can only get here .
at moving our heavy grain urn aside to stack the dishware , my hands halted eyes spying a small , unfamiliar garland of some sort of herb .
alessia also brought sachet to put under my pillow ( ` ` just some herbs i had hanging around '' ) , a gorgeous peach satin bed jacket ( ` ` do n't worry , it 's real old '' ) , and a green plant so huge the curtain rod bent under its weight .
and i talked with herb , you know .
but the herbs and the acupuncture had offered relief .
and then she had to have enough to establish her mail - order herb business right there on jacobsons property ; that dream had kept her going through all these years of being a country girl transplanted into the big city .
lyssa reached for one of the herb rolls that had appeared on the table from the hands of an unobtrusive server .
next week you could come earlier and try a bit of an herb mix that i like to add in .
he smiled apologetically and lifted the mug to take a sip of whenever herbs steamed within .
i might pick up some ideas for my herb business , too .
paris to put in some herbs and i made up blends for them to sell along with their own produce .
you have a guaranteed source for the herbs ?
actually , she offered with a sidelong glance at his profile , which to her eyes was badly in need of relaxing again , i was thinking of wisewoman herbs .
i m not sure what the regulations are going to be , if i expand into packaged foods like herb blends and teas .
just part time , so you ll be able to start your herb business or a family , whichever takes priority .
she would nt bother momma at all , except she kept her potted herbs in her room and the medicine kit in the hall was out of chamomile .
all she smelled was her own blood , mixed with potting soil and aromatic herbs .
the marsh , rich in floral and faunal resources , contributed to the living of local people by providing firewood , pot - vegetables , herbs , fruits and small games .
v the next day before clearing started , fume of an herb was spread to chase away the snakes .
many times whenever he had cuts or bruises he administered some herbs and the pain and bleeding subsided instantly and the wound did not take much time to heal .
he mashed the two herbs together and applied the liniment after cleaning the reddish gum dripping from the bark and commenced felling again .
chapter 5 i next morning dhanesh rose before sun rise , brushed teeth with a veranda twig , mashed down to make the end the tooth brush , and smeared his burning palms with the juice of an herb .
but no infection or suppuration followed as the herbs smeared all over his body could cure the wounds in a day or two .
one of them commented that their unbelievable strength comes from simple living , honesty and from taking secret herbs .
dhanesh heard that had she had got pregnant and was forced to take strong herbs to abort the embryo .
in such a contaminated environment , what andrea wanted most was revenge : a divorce that separated herb from half of his worldly goods .
something so large that , once she divested herself of herb the philander , she could show them her backside and they would know that it was meant for all of them , real personal like .
sympathy , which , in herb delcum 's mind , was becoming a real nuisance since it forced him to rapidly dismantle several regional affairs he had been enjoying for years .
herb delcum , whose reaction at andrea 's desire for a divorce had cost him a night in schonefield 's jail , was confronted outside the cemetery by three long suffering mistresses , whose shock at discovering that , contrary to herb 's repeated assurances that each was next in line for the dubious title of mrs . delcum , there was competition .
the ladies , as well as herb delcum , were quietly escorted away in opposite directions .
andrea delcum 's morris melton decision was , as herb had predicted , her undoing .
eugene is talking about training methods used by some guy in australia named herb eliot , and all the time trish is hanging on him like she 's growed to his body .
the smells of so many products known to me from childhood , but indecipherably mixed , came flooding onto me : the smell of nutmeg or mixed spices , herbs , soaps , sweets , the exotic taste of liquorice , loaves of bread .
i d left the makings for a simple stir fry out , and doug got the oil heating and reached into the fridge for another handful of fresh herbs .
we had claimed the far section most protected from the wind and exposed to sunlight for our herbs and vegetables .
a little more time , a couple handfuls of fresh herbs , and it would be ready .
i cooked you up a casserole with my own herbs and produce from my garden .
~ ~ ~ chapter 36 barely five minutes before de la pea took his first bite of a grilled ham and cheese sandwich , moffat and jean sat down to a dinner of grilled wild alaskan sockeye salmon seasoned with lemon and fresh herbs .
how about starting with arancini and a herb dip ?
some of the shops selling spices , herbs , meat , chicken and fish were still open .
elma offered us coffee or tea ; i chose herb tea .
one was named herb .
` ` i heard about creeps like that , '' herb spat .
a moment later , studsy had me around the neck vowing to tear off my head , and herb was testing the durability of my wrists .
then he swung the gate wide and motioned herb to pull forward .
` ` far be it from me to cast the first stone , herb . ''
` ` the hell of it is , herb , that stuff 's contagious . ''
i was counting on a maintenance man showing up on the ventura 's top floor not to alarm herb and studsy .
as expected , herb and studsy rushed from room 422 with their guns drawn .
studsy and herb scrambled out , nearly tripping over each other in wide - eyed panic .
i took out one of the makarovs i had confiscated from herb and studsy .
then she rinsed the sprouts , watered the herbs on the window sill .
but back to herb clay .
on saturday bootsy was at the wall and was overseeing things along with herb , and mr . applegate .
after a deep breath boyd put his phone on speaker and called doctor herb clay 's office , marriage , family , and private councelling .
i 'll have herb tea and honey with that , said cindy .
dusty - looking bundles of dried herbs lay among the candles , and an open book sat on the sofa , as if the reader had simply gotten up in mid - chapter and planned to return .
newspapers and junk mail went into trash bags along with the dusty old candles and bundled herbs ; she put a few envelopes containing utility bills into a stack to be turned over to delbert crow .
black candles , bundled herbs , a lot of animal symbols painted in white on red walls .
sam took up a broom and swept the white stones and bundled herbs into a harmless pile .
the plates were painted with spices and herbs .
he can tell you things about sauces , herbs and spices from memory that i would need a cookbook to remember .
super quick caps add various proteins and natural herbs such as gingko bulba to your bloodstream .
great food , and they serve a local drink with exotic herbs called mamawanna .
the smell of crispy chicken and herbs and spices filled the kitchen air .
the aroma of foodstuffs , herbs , spices , vegetables and even the sacking that contained them surrounded him .
in her spare time , she studied alternative health practices and became a certified herbalist ; and then , while working for an herb company , she created a home - based health practice .
i half expected to be sprinkled with the blood of a sacrificial lamb and was pleasantly surprised to find out it involved nothing more gruesome than stinky herbs .
hugh porter had unpacked his edible borders and an assortment of herbs , leaf lettuce , and marigolds lined the floor around the podium .
the broth was incorporated in the mix and he added the soy and herbs .
she ordered the herb - crusted salmon salad , which reminded me of jonathanin a manner of speaking .
usually some dried hummingbird flesh , herbs , cemetery dirt , even the ground up bones of the dead .
so much is going on , betty answered as she gathered up the herbs and tomatoes i d picked for lunch .
with the fresh tomatoes and herbs i d picked from the garden , all that could be dinner in a flash .
i could have sat outside all day in the october sun , surrounded by the restaurants boxed but overflowing beds of tomatoes , herbs , and flowers , but we had to head over to the cbi office in the suburb of lakewood to meet henry wade at two oclock .
in the back of his mind he was looking for the eleven herbs and spices that made up colonel sanderss secret chicken recipe .
he d opted for boiled potatoes and petits pois topped off with a cream sauce made from soya milk peppered with mixed herbs , organic mushrooms and garlic .
the chicken was organic , juicy and flavoured with herbs and garlic .
tabouli is a mixture of parsley , bulgur , mint , tomato , scallions with olive oil , herbs , spices and a little lemon juice .
there were even a variety of bath sea salts with special herb mixtures to cure whatever ailed your aura .
besides that we had weaving and spinning to do , as well as our studies of the stars and the herbs .
the house was ruled over by an older woman and my own particular friend , a dark - looking girl about a year older than me , was called eyebright after the herb because , as the name suggests , she was a bright - eyed little thing .
i had a tent nearby and on the eve of the ceremony nerfin first made me bathe in a stream and then rubbed my skin with herb oils to make it smell pleasing , then i combed my long hair but let it hang loose .
of course i was still learning - predicting eclipses and so on , the medical effects of herbs and how to find them - but i took up regular duties in the temple .
on the day before the sacrifice the victim was given his choice of whatever the community could offer , then , at supper , he was given a potion of herbs to make him sleep - a sleep from which he did not waken !
i had put in some of those round roots as well as the usual herbs and the result was pleasing .
i wiped my fingerprints off the jar of herbs , and pressed her hand to it .
chakras , aromatherapy , herbs , acupuncture , energy healing , animal communicators , astrology .
i should have you help with some of my herb gathering .
during litha these herbs are frankincense , lemon , rose , wisteria , lavender .
as in each of the other deaths , a complete ritual had been performed , down to the remains of candle wax and the wilted crown of herbs .
then again , maybe he was the one who smelt great : a mix of shaving gel , fresh herbs , and coffee .
she was always nice to him , she grew fresh herbs on the kitchen windowsill despite the nevada heat , and her cooking was better than moms .
what 's she to herb ?
we could always talk about herb purdy .
you 'll be telling one of us about herb purdy eventually .
and i knew herb .
i just asked herb to i should ' ve known i could n't trust that asshole .
you knew herb purdy anyway .
you ca n't connect us with that herb purdy shit .
then why burn herb ?
tom stepped down into the boat and grunted : yeah , just like you took care of herb and that bitch from the trailer .
she mention a guy name of herb purdy ?
peace established , pierre felt hungry and began to whistle and chop herbs .
gl had filled fresh white rolls with tomato , white cheese , olives and herbs .
buff became sheriff right after his brother herb tomber died in office .
the woman said they were liquorice sweets mixed with herbs , she said they were organic and totally natural , she said they were non - addictive .
we piled into what was left of carls station wagon and headed over to herbs bar .
i ca nt say why the bar was ever called herbs because , thinking back , no one with the name of herb ever owned it , at least not in my time .
i ca nt say why the bar was ever called herbs because , thinking back , no one with the name of herb ever owned it , at least not in my time .
i d never seen herbs bar so busy .
when i go , i want to be gussied up in my old hunting jacket and cap for a showing at lackens funeral home , and i hope the whole county comes and gets good and drunk afterwards at herbs bar .
guess those were nt falsies after all , i said to cora mae , whose mouth was frozen open like the mounted trout at herbs bar .
herbs and flowers hung upside down from a rod in the greenhouse just off the kitchen .
cars would line up for two blocks on both sides of the street just to buy the home - grown vegetables , canned goods , and herbs .
i lifted the upper part of the corn bun when she had her back turned , making tea out of some weed that someone decided was a herb .
katy wandered out of the garden room door to the window box herbs while i stepped over trucker and miss molly .
she wondered whether herb cadieux from the french faculty would be around and able to offer his opinion about them before then .
` ` can you hazard a guess as to when this was written , herb ? ''
good , she said , returning to her task , packing the pipes bowl with herb .
oh yeah , do nt talk about herb or anything illegal on the phone .
frog commented , perhaps not to the maximum , but would you like to see the show mixed with some herb and a few white crosses ?
she reached into her red corduroy satchel and began filling a bowl full of herb .
he sought out the good herbs and stockpiled them in small stashes hidden in tiny crevices and cracks in his apartment and belongings .
he lit the herb end of the pipe and inhaled .
` ` so how does that mesh with me walking to a dope dealer 's house and buying a quarter pound of some good smoking herb ? ''
when she decided to renovate the cottage , she drew up a simple blueprint of what she wanted , then called herb shivley , a local contractor .
laurent replenished all the wine glasses and then returned to the table from the kitchen with a tray of sausage , cheeses , salad and thin slices of crespaou , a cold vegetable omelet smothered in tomato sauce and herbs .
the bowl of vegetable soup sent the pungent scent of herbs and spices wafting towards his nostrils .
he pawed through the collection of vials and herb boxes , picking up one and then another to study the labels .
` ` i know that because before i started learning about herbs and reductions and stuff , i spent my free time reading about the dark side , and those guys come up from time to time . ''
the heat of the indies had n't done the battered tin of bear grease any good , either ; the rancid fat nearly overpowered the scent of the peppermint and other herbs mixed into it .
' oh ... herbs .
it smelled deliciously of herbs and fresh tomatoes .
she also grabbed some garlic , onions , ginger , and a variety of herbs she liked to cook with , depositing them in the cart ryder rolled alongside her .
i studied my table ingredients , and did n't recognize many of the spices or herbs .
instead , the entire thing was slightly rubbery and tasted of lime and some sort of extremely spicy herb that seemed familiar enough .
it tasted delicious , of fresh milk and herbs .
he looked so sexy , peeling the tomatoes and grating carrots and chopping up herbs , my mind kept conjuring naughty ideas of me stripping him off his jeans and hav**g s*x while our dinner boiled to perfection .
and i drowned in the sea of release , the air heavy with our scent mixed with herbs .
` ` pine nut - crusted flounder , roasted vegetable medley in herb and butter sauce , and tomato bisque . ''
it 's a mixture of herbs , pasta boiling , and some kind of tomato sauce .
alex inhaled deeply and said , ` ` we 'll have to try out all the herbs .
the skin was crunchy and somehow flavored in spices , garlic , italian herbs , and the inside was fluffy with just the right amount of seasoning , butter and sour cream .
spread out down two aisles with a large chair at the end rested vegetables , herbs , and bonsai .
not to mention the amazing scents of garlic , herbs , and fresh pasta filling the space like a tastebud - tempting haze .
in a separate bowl he mixed a couple of cheeses together with some herbs .
getting back to her work , she rolled the stuffing into the steaks , placing them in a pot covering them with tomatoes and herbs before putting the pot into the oven .
clean cutting board , he forced their hands to become one , deftly chopping the herb into minuscule pieces .
even surrounded by a dozen people , as they worked chopping herbs , grating farm - fresh parmesan , adding garlic , prosciutto and pepper flakes to the heating olive oil , it was as if there was no one else in the room .
and it had been one of the most erotic , fulfilling experiences of his life , showing her how to dice herbs .
i inhaled the herb and meaty deliciousness that wafted from the bag on the bar .
garlic , tomatoes , and a mixture of herbs .
i listen to jack , herb , angela and marla all speak .
i have a couple of questions for herb and angela , but i 'll come by your offices later in the day .
she inhaled , catching notes of fresh lavender and herbs .
the flavours burst in her mouth : sweet aniseed , fragrant herbs , and smooth , warm alcohol .
the dagger had been dipped in the poisonous herbs , and now there was poison pulsing through luna 's veins .
he sighed and popped the cork from his potion , lifting her carefully higher to ladle the honey - like mixture of herbs and roots into her mouth .
so he 'd given her a blend of herbs that would let her sleep until her body believed it had healed enough .
he pulled up a mix of what looked like a concoction of spiced herbs .
the herbs that were to be used in the small building were already bottled and stocked in the pantry of the castollan palace .
then there were herbs , culinary herbs , herbs to make infusions , herbs to cure ailments , to make you sleep , to help your digestion , to relieve flatulence , there was something for everybody .
then there were herbs , culinary herbs , herbs to make infusions , herbs to cure ailments , to make you sleep , to help your digestion , to relieve flatulence , there was something for everybody .
the scent of herbs drying filled the room , making breathing an effort .
you know herbs ?
satina filled the basket hadja had given her with the herb , concentrating on plucking instead of crushing as the woman demonstrated .
sturdy shelves lined the narrow space , and every one overflowed with baskets of roots and vegetables and bundles of dried herbs .
the herbs blended into warmth and health on her tongue , delicious , maybe even legendary .
she stomped up the path , huffing the scent of herbs until she felt light - headed .
the woman grunted and continued to grind the herbs shed chosen .
the herbs scratched and shifted in the breeze , and somewhere she thought she heard the rustle of another late night wanderer in the patch .
they both let the herbs and moonlight nurse their broken hearts , perhaps .
as it was , he d let her go back to the cottage only once on the pretext that she needed an herb from hadja that would help her to decipher the stone .
hadja had added a safety measure to the plan , a special herb she swore would incapacitate but not kill .
in the opposite , hadjas cottage waited , warm and surrounded by sweet , calming herbs .
when he lifted his foot , they sucked for air , inhaled and breathed in a cloud of powdered herbs .
i go get herbs and make this .
it was the most delicious toast i 'd ever had hot and juicy , the smell alone extremely satisfying , with just a hint of herbs .
then you ll have to teach me how to make your famous herb omelette .
talking about each glass as if it held fruit , grain , herbs , smoke and soil , instead of golden brown liquid , he pointed out which to try .
eli slammed the jar of herbs onto the table .
after living off broth and herb tea , jonathan wanted to inhale everything , but he had no way of knowing when he d get more .
we can taste subtle herbs that are placed in our food and smell little things most people would nt even know where there .
ill go find herbs that i know will work on him , michael instructs me .
it ll take some time to gather the herbs .
the poison seems to have lessened the effect of blood to rejuvenate you as well , michael notes as he begins crushing herbs over vincents wounds .
for now , vincents life rests on the herbs michael has gathered .
if you needed new age crystals , incense , or interesting herbs , zen was the only place in town .
` ` i thought i 'd serve it with a savory herb risotto , nothing too overpowering .
peppermint was his favorite herb for a reason .
they were off to give her a viking funeral , she said , she was one hundred and six years old and she was done with herb gardening and ready for bigger things .
a floor to ceiling bookcase was secured to the far wall and was loaded down with papers , small jars full of herbs and a smattering of old books .
he s out picking herbs for the pumpkin soup he s making for lunch .
the fact i had a sudden urge to check out the herb garden ?
i had no interest in herbs but it seemed as good an opening line as any , considering the last time i d seen this guy i d seen his man bits .
he crossed the small herb garden to stand close .
we d spoken a grand total of three times : during introductions , at my shack when shed seen me naked and in the herb garden .
* * * i stood outside the cave , inhaling the aromas of plants and herbs and pine trees , while staring at the lightening sky .
it mixes with smoked herbs , intense incense , fruity cigarettes , womens perfume , and the heavy scent of charcoal chicken kabobs .
the aroma of rice and beans and herbs made her stomach growl .
if this guys friend really was in bad shape , then i needed the proper blend of herbs and supplies .
after wiping down everything , i put my dried herbs and infused herb oil into a saucepan to simmer .
after wiping down everything , i put my dried herbs and infused herb oil into a saucepan to simmer .
the lovely scent of herbs wafted through the kitchen .
the herbs would need to sit for half an hour before i could do anything else .
i mixed the melted beeswax into saucepan with the herbs and oil , forcing my power into the patch to try to heighten the healing potency .
taking another deep breath of the delightful herbs , i blew it out , redirecting my thoughts again to ethan .
i lit a pink candle made of beeswax , then set about mixing sultry herbs and spices .
they were nt herbs or spices i could get from the grocery store .
i sniffed the room , and the scent of all kinds of herbs and spicessome pleasant and some notdrifted through my nostrils .
two down in the kitchen , lauren found phyllis , the cook , chopping herbs as she prepped for dinner .
we spent quite a few days in des moines browsing at the brass armadillo antique mall , herbs salvage , and other antique and salvage shops .
its herb tea , so it might make you feel better .
i met jack when i was out gathering herbs .
i told myself that i was just going to have you gather herbs for a few months so he would give up on seeing me , but i just could nt do it .
shed taught muriel to find the herbs for healing , and taught her to defend herself .
chapter one : the spring days were becoming longer which allowed more time for sarah to rummage through the forest , picking up some herbs to dry .
gathering thy herbs , milord , sarah quickly curtsied .
yay , milord , sarah replied , learning to do so by her grandmum while processing herbs .
me doth need thy herbs , she gently reminded him .
searching through it she found some feverfew herbs that she took from her mums house and imbibed it with a cup of water .
one in particular was a book about the healing herbs which was given to her at christmas by her grandmum .
sarah knew from his congestion that john still experienced weakened lungs from his episode , but could only share her remaining herbs of mullein for the cough and feverfew for pain .
she was eager to land to replenish her stash of needed herbs , not knowing what was available in the new land .
she was determined to search for more herbs to sustain her cache and then look into it .
forlornly , she spent her time hunting the nearby forests for any special herbs available and was grateful to find some before the snows began .
sarah also noticed the st . johns wort seemed to make her less cantankerous , so she continued with the healing herb teas .
desiring to fill her cache , she headed for the forest to search for any remaining herbs .
just gathering all of the remaining herbs before the snows come , sarah smiled .
though , thee hath passed her in the woods gathering thy herbs also , emma observed curious , sarah followed them until they came upon tituba .
you made known to me , tituba explained , dressed in plain garb , fingering her herbs in the basket .
it in stars , she predicted as tituba brought forth her herbs to display .
this was when her grandmum gave her the healing herb book on their last christmas together .
thou involved with thy herbs and healing .
i fear i have revealed to thy doctor of your healing herbs .
she could not deny she used the herbs , but it was to heal , not to harm , she claimed .
for being a witch with thy healing herbs , sarah whispered .
i m interested in the healing herbs , sara indicated .
actually , i have knowledge of making healing herbs into palatable teas , sarah admitted .
i have left dee some herbs for a tea to reduce the pain .
my grandmum taught me also when i was a girl , sarah explained , especially about the healing herbs .
in addition , she managed to grow some feverfew for pain , mullein for infection and st . johns wort for mood in a small herb garden .
because of this they had little time to tend to their healing herbs or cache of medicinal tea .
when i was a companion to an elderly lady in salem , she died and i was accused because of the use of my healing herbs of being a witch .
coming from a family of medicine , she has the knowledge how to treat illness through the use of herbs .
i am sending cuthry to retrieve my rose hips and other healing herbs i left behind , sarah suggested .
within the hour , cuthry was on his way to deliver the letter and retrieve the healing herbs .
sarah was ecstatic when cuthry returned with both renny and her herbs .
she definitely is mysterious with her herbs and all , cecily confirmed .
while fortune watched the children , sarah wandered down the street to the apothecary , always interested in the available herbs and to purchase some mint for grace to ease her stomach woes .
though , it was my intention that it could be used to obtain your herbs and medicines to make your healing teas and potions in addition to other necessities .
the kind woman laughed as she splashed the fish with herbs and delicacies .
what if she could study the herbs and find ways to prevent the deaths of children , like her brother ?
adela took some of the herbs back to salem and began experimenting with them .
she worried what the church elders would think of her work with the herbs as it was nt sanctioned by the church , but for a few months , nothing was said .
the accusations and hysteria steamrolled leading directly to adelas door where she simply practiced healing with herbs .
word spread quickly of my little hobby of working with herbs , she said .
her work with herbs , which were lessons from the naumkeag tribe , also pointed in the direction of witchcraft , as the town leaders deemed anyone who did not believe in god as they did a follower of satan .
olive oil , balsamic vinegar , garlic , a few herbs .
mostly just spells that used herbs and elements , stuff from the earth .
some used crystals and some used herbs and others just candles and the outdoors .
when she s not working on her craft or following the lives of five adult children , marys digging in the dirt with her flowers and herbs , cooking , reading , walking her rescue lab mix , cooper , or on the perfect day , riding off into the sunset with her very own hero husband on his ultra limited aka harley .
the odd bottle of schweppes herb and bamboo essence .
the distinct odor of the herb met leslies nostrils .
she loved that the triple level rack contained only decorations and her most used and loved vanilla extracts , rather than the twenty - four herbs and spices that came with the housewarming present from her parents .
she used to grow all the herbs for it , but started buying them from the store shortly before she moved here .
steam rises and the smell of fresh herb fills my nose .
~~~~ deeper in the bowels of london , tucked down a narrow cobbled alleyway , the sharp bouquet of smoldering herbs permeated a shuttered room .
thumping her short staff on the floor with every step , molly led the way deep into the heart of the keep , to her stillroom filled with pungent potions , powders and salves , and fragrant bunches of herbs drying from the ceiling rafters .
shed been too drained by then , and too dopey from the painkiller the herb woman had administered to care where she was .
http : //www.mimiriser.com also by mimi riser : novels eyes of the cat part 2 eyes of the cat part 3 eyes of the cat part 4 eyes of the cat complete novel sherwood charade kiss my blarney stone space rats and rebels lifestyles of the witch & famous hevens gaite the stardust series : every jack needs his jil all fired up ( novella ) short stories the great race if wishes were kisses joy to the worlds the robin flies again star cookies & comfort white wolf christmas the lovestruck series : marrying mona seducing sophia nonfiction texas treats cooking up christmas homemade halloween treats the kitchen witch everyday magic book the kitchen witch glossary of cooking herbs & spices the kitchen witch guide to the timeless art of herbal tea spice up your love life !
the kitchen smelled of a mixed aroma of onions , wine , and fresh herbs .
you burn some herbs , light some candles , chant some words .
kara put a teacup down in front of the older man , and then selene appeared with a big amethyst in one hand and a bowl of mixed herbs in the other .
she poured the remaining water from the tea kettle into a saucepan , lit the burner underneath it and stirred it slowly while sprinkling her herbs into the water .
hey , i ve got your childbirth herbs in my pillowcase , your protection incense burning and your power stone being crushed to dust in my fist , sis .
we used her stuffing recipe , you know the one with the mushrooms and bacon and herbs .
and make sure you buy those vitamins and herbs on the list .
a coiled snake skin , herbs of various sizes and colors , nuts , berries , bones , and a host of other unidentifiable objects .
she added in a rush , before slowing to add , its the warmest aspect and would be great for herbs , tomatoes and other plants that like the heat .
across the far side of the wisteria arbour , to darcys immediate right from where she was standing would be the herb garden .
he used the small bathroom and realized it smelled of her feminine presence , a little like roses and herbs .
kira 's eyes showed a flash of sentimentality as she recalled her mother 's slender hands sorting precious herbs for their stew .
i carefully stir the eggs and toss in a handful of fresh herbs .
the reception by the restaurants to the option of a fresh supplier close by , producing all year , top quality and organic vegetables and herbs for less than they were now paying , was enthusiastic .
the herbs most desired were garlic , basil , rosemary , thyme , cilantro and so on .
entering the nursery , the warmth blankets me immediately , warming my cool skin as the sweet scent of the herbs fills my nostrils conjuring wonderful memories and healing my still guilt ravaged soul .
i tapped on the shop website , and scrolled through all the pictures and clickable links for herbs and spells available for purchase .
dried bunches of herbs and flowers hung from the ceiling behind it , and shelves cluttered with glass jars of every shape and color adorned the wall .
it was food that tasted like it had been cooked in paradise and sprinkled with magic herbs to convince her shed never tasted anything this good and she never would again .
she took a long sip of herb tea and looked at the western landscape paintings on the wall .
kira and ian celebrated over a sumptuous dinner of grilled pizza with fresh herbs and mozzarella along with a giant salad .
but i had to rely on the old standards like spells , candles , herbs , tarot cards , crystals if i wanted to truly tap into my powers .
i angled my head , staring down at the bright green herbs between my fingers .
i scraped the herbs off my chopping board and into the garbage , then reached for a jalapeno .
one by one , i emptied her vials and potions and herbs into the running water ; she may be able to build herself back up as a conjurer one day , but at least she would n't have a head start .
they had runner beans and courgettes and whole rakes of salads and herbs .
he smelt quite unlike anyone grey had ever encountered ; gamy , certainly - he wondered , with a small thrill , whether the grease the man wore might be bear - fat - but with the tang of herbs and a sweat like fresh - sheared copper .
the heat of the indies had n't done the battered tin of bear - grease any good , either ; the rancid fat nearly overpowered the scent of the peppermint and other herbs mixed into it .
sister eustacia had been very kind , taking her and a couple of other new postulants round the walled estate , showing them the big gardens where the convent grew medicinal herbs and fruit and vegetables for the table , the chapel where devotions were held six times a day , plus mass in the mornings , the stables and kitchens , where they would take turns working - and the great hopital des anges , the order 's main work .
- and slipped around a barrow billowing with green sallet herbs .
a full bucket of milk not merely spilt , but apparently thrown at something , the manger overturned , the door left open and two of the cows escaped into the herb garden . '
she took down a box of green tea bags , hoping the magical healing qualities of the herbs soothed her .
food was an art form , and i was taught about texture , flavor , herbs .
tony came out with a plate of fish simmered in herbs .
` ` since the cook refused to name those eleven herbs and spices , i had no choice but to buy us a big bucket of the original recipe .
broth simmered with a mixture of savory herbs floating on the slowly churning surface .
she closed her eyes , and the memory was so powerful , she could almost smell the pungent herbs right then .
as they edged down the street toward herbs , the restaurant that doris , lexie 's grandmother , owned , lexie sat up straighter .
even from a distance , jeremy could see the lights blazing from inside herbs .
` ` i thought herbs was only open for breakfast and lunch . ''
` ` you ' ve been sort of quiet since we left herbs . ''
lunch at herbs , maybe a little porch sitting ... '' jeremy laughed .
doris and jeremy were having lunch the following afternoon at herbs .
he threw on a clean shirt , ran a brush through his hair , and slapped on some cologne ; a few minutes later , he was passing herbs on his way to the library .
thinking that she was at herbs , he headed back that way , looking for but not seeing her car , then swung past her house , figuring she must have made it an early day .
` ` if she had her way , i think she 'd run a restaurant like this instead of herbs . ''
an hour later , after checking out and quickly loading the car , they were sitting at a table at herbs across from doris .
after leaving herbs , jeremy had swung by lexie 's and dropped off the baby items .
until that instant , he 'd forgotten that he 'd simply left lexie at herbs without a car in which to get around , and he nearly laughed aloud .
i figured that after we closed , i 'd suggest a picnic and we 'd grab some sandwiches and sodas at herbs and i 'd surprise you by bringing you here .
twelve ` ` i have n't heard from him , '' lexie admitted the following afternoon , eyeing doris across the table at herbs .
lexie stopped outside of herbs , squinting in the bright afternoon sunlight .
while dr . sommers was checking and poking , they talked about the recent spate of hot weather , a story on the news concerning forest fires in wyoming , and the fact that the doctor still wanted to drive out to boone creek to eat at herbs , a place that more than one of his patients had raved about .
doris was sitting across the table at herbs the following day ; because he had n't told his family , she was the one person he could confide in .
she stepped forward and glanced around , taking in the vast array of copper pots that hung suspended under the ceiling alongside bunches of dried herbs .
her heart swelling with infinite joy , rebecca grabbed an apron from a hook behind the door and proceeded to follow whatever instructions madame renarde and molly gave her , fetching dishes , chopping herbs , grinding pepper and crushing garlic .
when they were alone again and their plates had been filled with succulent chicken br**sts , as well as potato slices fried in butter and herbs and covered in a light but piquant red wine sauce , daniel said , ` ` i really appreciate everything you did this evening .
she winced as she chewed the pungent herb .
he handed over several cloves of the fragrant herb .
dried herbs usually used for cooking lay nestled among the desiccated petals of various flowers .
ignoring her protestations , he quickly emptied the last of the containers into the bathwater ; then , holding the empty containers awkwardly in one hand , he upended the basket over her , raining flower petals and herbs over her hair and shoulders into the water .
hethe gave the basket a good shake to make sure that every last flower petal and bit of herb was in the bath with her , then staggered away from the tub , dropping the now empty containers back in the basket as he did .
his wife 's head swiveled , her eyes fastening on him with murder in their depths as she glared out from beneath the bits of dried flowers and herbs that had caught in her hair .
one should never haphazardly mix perfumes and herbs .
if anything , adding the herbs , flowers and oils had only accentuated her original stench , amplifying it .
his amusement dying , replaced by concern now that she was no longer standing before him , arms outstretched , hair and body littered with bits of herbs and dried flowers , he hurried for the stairs to the great hall in search of assistance .
shaking her head , old joan tossed aside the herbs she had been mixing and started afresh .
` ` and someone who knows something about herbs and such , '' he added , scowling as he realized he had no idea of the name of the healer in his castle .
kneeling before it , she produced a small wooden bowl from her sack , and various herbs , too , and began to mix them as hethe walked over to open the door .
retrieving some more herbs , the healer moved to place them in the warm bathwater .
` ` the healer , mary '' - he made himself recall and say the girl 's name ; it was time he started being a proper lord around here - ` ` she used some herbs in the bath that stopped the itching and removed the smell . ''
she quite clearly recalled the day templetun had given them the news of the upcoming wedding - ducky 's suggestion that maggie knew ` ` this and that about herbs '' , or joan ` ` might know of something we could give him to - ` ` kill him , she now finished what she had stopped her maid from saying at the time .
not every spell required books and herbs , candles or circles , or any of the million and one accoutrements the magical set swore by .
the next day he 'd caught her in the basement rolling some of his herbs in rolling paper and smoking them .
dayne threw a handful of herbs at simon and raised his arms .
mom smelled the sage from her herb garden right after sage was born .
` ` so are my herbs .
brad had marinated them in a mixture of soy sauce , italian salad dressing and herbs - a blend he could probably never duplicate again .
alix stepped inside and breathed in the simple beauty around her - the scarred oak table , scrubbed clean , the pots of herbs , the handwoven curtains and braided rug .
and starting in may the cafe had added a ten - minute carryout lunch , which consisted of homemade soup and a freshly baked herb scone .
she swallowed another spoonful of soup and reached for the herb scone .
she used natural remedies - herbs , bark , eye of newt . ''
he could n't easily identify the herbs , but thought there was a hint of mint .
many of the fresh herbs were used in her prized recipes , and he wondered what she 'd serve tonight .
roy returned to his crossword as his wife washed fresh herbs and rolled them in a paper towel to store in a refrigerator bag .
she poured the seafood sauce in its olive oil and fresh herb base over top .
despite its size , the kitchen was warm and inviting , with its oak table , its woven rug on the polished floor and bunches of drying herbs by the window .
they were her specialty , and the blueberries came from their own small patch next to peggy 's pride , her herb garden .
` ` do you have a herb garden ? ''
still whistling as he pulled into the driveway , he found his wife watering her herb garden .
peggy 's garden was still in bloom , her herbs scenting the air .
it was sophie who took tessa to her room , and sophie who put her in her nightgown and then in bed , and sophie who washed her burned hand with a cool flannel and bound it up with a salve that smelled like herbs and spices , the same salve , she told tessa , that charlotte had used on sophie 's cheek when she had first come to the institute .
i caught the scent of herbs , spice , heard the trickle of water somewhere in the distance , and music .
i took in the herbs , the beads , the snake .
some herbs , red pepper .
i could n't believe i was putting such store in a bag of herbs , except i had n't seen a gator since charlie died .
he smelled quite unlike anyone grey had ever encountered : gamy , certainly - he wondered , with a small thrill , whether the grease the man wore might be bear fat - but with the tang of herbs and a sweat like fresh - sheared copper .
ever try herbs ?
she trampled through her mistress 's herb garden , unable to see the thyme through her tears .
her sweet next - door neighbor david franklin ordered pizza , which hailey improved by adding fresh oregano from the herb garden she 'd brought from home and installed in the corner by the window .
chinese herbs .
only a few short blocks from the historic center of town , this lively market sprang up on a patch of pavement every friday from noon to five : white tent roofs rose above it all like ice - cream peaks ; beneath them , a dazzling , glittering array of fruits and nuts , berries , herbs , vegetables , crafts , and honey .
she had a long , low table set up , draped in newspaper - the sunday comics this week - and dotted with boxes that held this week 's crop : bright red apples , plump raspberries , baskets full of herbs , and the vegetables : green beans , tomatoes , broccoli , and summer squash .
deciding on a sandwich with locally made cheese and a homemade herb spread she 'd picked up from a local street vendor , she sat at her tiny table and stared through the picture window , enjoying the breeze on her face .
sure , her great - grandmother had been a medicine woman , but i 'd figured they were discussing herbs and roots , and maybe they had been , along with other things .
it was pretty much the only meal she ever put any effort into - lovingly patting the chuck roast down with fresh herbs , laying it on a bed of onions and carrots and potatoes from the farmer 's market , all swimming in rich red wine .
after i 'd picked out the herbs and vegetables and paid louie and petted his tiny yorkie that sat vigilantly on the counter , watching every transaction with eagle eyes , i ran to the liquor store across the street for a bottle of dry red from the finger lakes - one big enough for cooking and for drinking .
union square 's market was open air and the smell of fresh herbs and flowers mingled with the bright sunshine to create a festive atmosphere .
her mother had beenan expert withhealing herbs , jeremy told her , buthad diedlongbefore beingable to teachvaloree anyof what she needed toknow .
racks of drying herbs hung near the fireplace , filling the room with a spicy scent that mingled with the smell of burnt wood .
` ` i ' m taking the books and all magical tools and herbs and potions .
if you do n't think he 's the enemy , you ' ve been smoking too many of your magic herbs . ''
he uncorked several bottles , opened some books , sprinkled a few herbs , and chanted some words in a strange language that did n't seem like latin .
dayne finished dropping herbs into the cauldron .
incense burned in a censor , and he had a dish with an unidentified herb crushed in it .
he placed the charm on the ground inside the circle and sprinkled it with the herbs in the dish while chanting : ` ` revelare tuum secreta .
revelare tuum secreta ... '' a pure white smoke rose out of the herbs , swirling into runic markings , forming the combination for the charm .
a dark - haired man came near her to start his group chant while other magic users were distributing appropriate herbs .
he had a sudden distant memory of laoghaire mackenzie and an ill wish , a bundle of herbs tied with colored thread .
it was near twilight , but the place glowed like a king 's treasure , reds and pinks and whites and yellows glimmering in an emerald jungle in the dusk , and the air flooded in upon him , moist and caressing , filled with the scents of flowers and leaves , herbs and vegetables .
the spicy smell of her shampoo , flowers and herbs and cinnamon dancing with her natural oils .
the hours passed with hearty italian lasagna , fresh garlic bread with cheese and herbs , and a bottle of chianti .
a heavily cut wooden island held baskets filled with fresh fruit and cloves of garlic , herbs sunk in bottles brimmed with olive oil , dry pastas , and red , ripe tomatoes .
when she walked in , the house practically expanded with the scent of garlic and herbs and tomatoes .
yours is that weird holistic guru who likes to give out herbs and stuff .
he 'd never had a frozen vegetable with her and was beginning to get used to the bottles of herbs on the windowsill , the baskets of tomatoes and prunes , grapes and lemons that littered the countertops .
the yukon potatoes were chopped and served tableside , dripping with oil , garlic , and herbs .
massive counters surrounded the space that was covered with fresh herbs , tomatoes , and an array of pots and pans .
i ' ve had owners who took a holistic approach , with herbs and acupuncture to lessen the pain , but again , with the age of the dog we need to look at other options . ''
the herbs and spices used to flavor the meal were richer and far more exotic than she was used to .
caleb 's hands and shirt were full of greenery , what lydia suspected were herbs from the herb ship .
caleb 's hands and shirt were full of greenery , what lydia suspected were herbs from the herb ship .
it is mint , she thought as caleb embraced her , crushing the herbs between them , the scent of broken leaves and of released aromas tickling her nose and making her mouth water with anticipation of the culinary delights that would come tonight .
as caleb released her and turned to krysta to give her a polite hug , she watched her friend close her eyes and breathe in not the scent of the herbs but the scent of caleb .
like how she felt when she sat on top of a coffee house , in the rooftop garden among flowering bushes , small plants , little herb gardens ; the hippie feel of the kind of place that had been regulated out of cities like boston and cambridge .
no fresh herbs , so dried would have to do .
the militant smell of hot lead began to permeate the room , competing with the major 's pipe smoke , and quite overpowering the pleasantly domestic atmosphere of rising bread , cooking , dried herbs , scouring rushes , and lye soap that normally filled the kitchen .
i dived for the open window , spat into the herb bed beneath and went on spitting , to the accompaniment of giggles and snorts from the beardsleys , who were most diverted at the unexpected entertainment .
she did n't turn and go , though , but lingered , her gaze flickering over the mounds of drying herbs on the gauze racks and the implements of my surgery .
i could smell honey , blood , herbs , and the faintly metallic scent of fresh - severed flesh - but no sweet whiff of pus .
i mixed a bit of honey with my powdered herbs , then scooped a small dollop of purified bear grease into the mortar .
i rose with sudden decision and began to tidy my cupboards , lining up bottles in order of size , sweeping out bits of scattered herbs , throwing away solutions gone stale or suspect .
there were assorted herbs that could assist labor , but most of them were not things i 'd use , were there any danger of hemorrhage .
leaving them with refreshment , i escaped to my surgery and spent a pleasant quarter of an hour alone with the herbs , decanting infusions and separating a heap of rosemary to dry , surrounded by pungent scent and the peacefulness of plants .
she had thrown sweet grass and some other herb on the fire ; the chimney hole was drawing well and he could see white smoke rising upward in a wavering pillar , very calm , but a sense of constant movement in it .
but if they are n't walking around- '' she swallowed , trying to ignore the half - imagined taste of bitter herbs and burning .
once arrived at the place , raymond had checked them all , to see that they carried the few necessities they might need - tinderboxes , tobacco , a little money of the time - and then given each one a wampum necklet , and a small leather pouch , which he said was an amulet of ceremonial herbs .
no , i ' m afraid we ' ve nothing much to be going on with save herbs . ''
my arms ached ; i had been pounding herbs , lifting patients , carrying water ...
then roger rubbed the herbs slowly between his palms , showering the dusty , greenish crumbs into the barrel , their pungent scent mingling with the smell of the blood , as jamie spoke the words slowly , in an ancient tongue come down from the days of the norsemen .
he scooped a pinch of the herbs himself , and rubbed them between thumb and forefinger , in a rain of fragrant dust .
the coals in the small brazier smoked and flamed higher , and the bunches of dried herbs rustled uneasily overhead .
he uttered a piercing yowl , which brought jamie out of his study , mrs . bug and amy from the kitchen - and phaedre out of the surgery , where she had been grinding herbs for me .
rolling carefully onto her side to prevent the poultice falling off , she took a good pinch of aromatic herb , sprinkled it down the center of the paper , and rolled as tidy a joint as i had ever seen in boston .
amy hurried over to take the big bundle i had brought - this contained my medical chest , the more scarce and valuable herbs from my surgery - and the sealed jar with the latest shipment of white phosphorus that lord john had sent as a farewell present to brianna .
it contained assorted bits and bobs , herbs , he thought , and feathers , perhaps the tiny bones of a bat .
my needlecase was nearly as precious to me as the small chest in which i carried herbs and medicines .
kneeling next to me , jamie flipped back the lid of my medicine box , studying the layers of bottles and boxes and bits of gauze - wrapped herbs .
to my annoyance , i lacked several of the herbs i needed for the sleeping tonic i had in mind .
it was the scent jack randall had favored , and jamie found exposure to the herb 's perfume anything but soothing .
` ` i brought some herbs for you .
i got the bundles of herbs from my reticule and laid them on her side table .
she was silent for a long time , toying with the bundles of herbs on the table .
she collapsed into my arms , weeping hysterically and scattering herbs .
i do n't care what it costs ; ye 'll need privacy for taking the herbs , and we dinna want the chance of someone seeing ye , if you ' ve naught but a hammock slung in the bilges . ''
jamie had volunteered to be the guinea pig for testing the herbs , and they had worked magnificently on him .
jamie had exclaimed , startled despite himself at the first demonstration of the herb 's efficacy .
` ` that 's no the herb , '' murtagh interjected dourly .
master raymond did not write , but every so often , a parcel would come addressed to me , unsigned and unmarked , but containing odd things : rare herbs and small , faceted crystals ; a collection of stones , each the size of jamie 's thumbnail , smooth and disc - shaped .
i glanced down into the basket of herbs and medicines on my arm .
he grinned at me ; i had been a doctor - a surgeon - in my own time , but here i passed as nothing more than a wisewoman , skilled in the use of herbs .
ian joked that the strong scent of herbs that hung about me must repel them , but i thought it went further than that - even when i was freshly bathed , the insects showed no desire to bother me .
river run boasted a ` ` simples '' room , essentially a small closet in which dried herbs and medicines were kept .
he smelt of wine and candlewax , of herbs and highland wool .
` ` meet me by the herb garden - and take care not to fall down the stairs and break your neck , aye ? ''
phaedre had combed her hair and braided it ; i took up the big stone jar of herbs .
` ` for your wee herbs and bits of plants .
in addition , i made rare visits with ian to anna ooka to see nayawenne , returning with baskets and jars of useful herbs .
i reached for the packet of poulticing herbs and folded them into the cloth .
jamie saw it , and cocked a brow at ian , who obligingly rose and towed his lordship away to share his pallet in the herb shed .
` ` i think , '' i said , hesitating as i formed a vague plan , ` ` that perhaps you had better camp outside with the boys tonight - you could sleep in the herb shed , or camp in the grove .
he poured it carefully over the herb mixture , and a sweet fragrance rose up in the steam .
i put back the jars of herbs , and sat down with my blasted wool again .
on the first night , ian had gallantly given brianna the trundle bed and gone off to sleep with rollo on a pallet in the herb shed , assuring her that he liked the privacy .
it was getting overchilly to be having at it in the herb shed or the forest - though he would admit that floundering nak*d in the huge drifts of yellow chestnut leaves had a certain charm , even if it lacked dignity .
i hoped the girl was n't ill ; pale and silent , she had pled a headache and gone to bed in the herb shed .
i had none of the european herbs , no hellebore , no wormwood .
the small patch of potato vines was all right , so were the peanut bushes ; rabbits would n't touch those , and did n't care for the aromatic herbs either , except the fennel , which they gobbled like licorice .
i should brew a fresh bucket of spruce beer to go with the roast venison , though ... as i wandered toward the herb shed to see if i had any maypop fruits for flavoring , my eye caught a movement at the far edge of the clearing .
hangin 's what 's wanted for herbs , ye ken , or maybe to be dried on a frame and put in a bit o ' gauze bag or a jar , but whyever you 'd be after squashing the wee things flat , i ' ve no idea . ''
mrs . fitzgibbons was soon back , with an apron full of garlic bulbs , gauze bags of dried herbs , and torn strips of old linen .
i set her to boiling water and peeling the cloves of garlic while i inspected the contents of the herb packets .
the herb garden , valuable repository of healing and flavors that it was , was cradled in an inner courtyard , large enough to allow for sun , but sheltered from spring winds , with its own wellhead .
some of the herbs on the shelves , no doubt .
the cupboard seemed a good place to start , with an inventory of the herbs and medicaments already on hand .
there were a number of more or less harmless substances in beaton 's jars , as well as several containing dried herbs or extractions that might actually be helpful .
next day , after a long morning of treating new patients , rummaging the stillroom for useful herbs to replenish the medical supplies cupboard , and - with some ceremony - recording the details in davie beaton 's black ledger , i left my narrow closet in search of air and exercise .
` ` you were saying yesterday to colum that ye needed betony and some odd bits of herbs ? ''
but to read , from a cozy distance of one or two hundred years , accounts of child hangings and judicial mutilation , was a far different thing than to sit quietly pounding herbs a few feet above such an occurrence .
' oh , arthur , ' ` ` she dramatized , ` ` ' had our own union been blessed'-not much chance , if i ' ve aught to say about it , '' she said , dropping the soulful mask for a moment with a tilt of her head toward the herb shelves- '' ' why , how would ye feel , my darling , should your own son be taken so ?
i was running short of some of the most popular herbs .
bunches of drying herbs , carefully tied with threads of different colors , hung neatly in rows from the rafters overhead , brushing my hair with a fragrant dust as we passed beneath .
this was nothing like the clean , businesslike order of the herb room downstairs , though .
` ` it starts the same in any case , but the herbs and the words are different for each thing .
i recognized the scent of rosemary in the smoke , but i was n't sure of the other two herbs ; foxglove , perhaps , or cinquefoil ?
while no one claimed such results for me , there were several to say - truthfully - that they had seen me often in mrs . duncan 's herb room , mixing medicines and grinding herbs .
while no one claimed such results for me , there were several to say - truthfully - that they had seen me often in mrs . duncan 's herb room , mixing medicines and grinding herbs .
the source of the scent was a small metal cup filled with herb - scented oil , suspended from a heavy , rose - bossed iron base and hung over a candle flame .
he was obviously restless and uncomfortable , but eased a bit as i told him about my explorations of the day ; the library , the chapel , the winepress , and finally , the herb garden , where i had at last met the famous brother ambrose .
i undid the small packets of herbs and scattered the contents into my brazier , where the myrrh leaves gave off a fragrant smoke , and the crumbs of camphor flamed with tiny blue tongues between the red glow of the charcoal sticks .
i felt sick with betrayal of him , but in the extremity i had forced my mind to clear as geilie had shown me , concentrating on the flame of the candle , breathing the astringency of the herbs , calming myself until i could bring him from the shadows , see the lines of his face , feel once more the touch of his hand without weeping .
it was time to begin the business of organizing for the morning 's surgery ; looking at jars of sutures , restocking the herb jars in my chest , refilling the large alcohol bottle , and brewing up the medicines that must be made fresh .
barter was the common means of trade - i knew that well enough , i thought , glancing down at the bag of odd things folk had brought me in payment for my herbs and simples .
i frowned , slowly putting rolls of bandage and bundles of herbs into my bag .
i slung the bag of surgical linens and dried herbs over my shoulder and picked up the medical chest by the leather strap jamie had made for it .
nayawenne - the old tuscaroran lady who gave me my medicine bag - she said there were ' women 's herbs . '
` ` what 's the plant - the women 's herb ? ''
6 for auld lang syne roger waited at the edge of the clearing , watching brianna as she stood by claire 's side , pounding herbs , measuring off liquids into small bottles , and tearing bandages .
he can sleep in the loft above the herb shed , '' he added .
the thought of herbs reminded her , and she reached down again , cautiously so as not to waken him , and slid one slippery finger deep inside to check .
the gauzy bundles of dried herbs had been shaken free of dust , but carefully hung back on their nails .
i can treat the sores and give him herbs against fever - that 's all . ''
it kept coming back and coming back into my mind , so i finally went out by myself to work in the herb shed .
a small posy of dried herbs , carefully twisted into a knot , lay on the shroud , just above the heart .
i brought some food '' - she waved at the bulging saddlebags on her horse- '' and some herbs from the sherstons ' garden i thought you might use . ''
she touched bree 's face , quick and light , then turned half away , reaching to take down a tied bundle of marjoram from the array of hanging herbs on the beam above the hearth .
i had brought twenty - five gallons of honey with me , as well as some of the imported european herbs and seeds from wilmington .
he had sometimes seen the mohawk rub themselves with herbs , to disguise their natural odor when hunting , but even oil of peppermint would n't make a dent in kenny lindsay 's stench .
and the nearest thing to a hospital - claire and her herbs - a day 's walk away .
` ` they had roots and herbs that they mixed with dung or hot cornmeal , to make a poultice . ''
pressing my lips together , i rubbed the herbs between my hands , into the beechwood brewing cup , and with no more than a faint sense of self - consciousness , silently said the blessing of bride over it .
i poured most of it over the waiting herbs , and left them to steep , while i poured him a cup of cold water to wash away the taste of the penicillin .
we had got enough honey - water and herb tea into him so that his eyes were no longer sunken with dehydration , but the bones of cheek and jaw were still prominent ; he had n't eaten in more than forty - eight hours , and the fever was consuming an immense amount of energy , consuming his tissues .
i hastily dumped the wet leaves from the herb tea onto a small plate , to give the worms a temporary refuge .
i began to make a list of the herbs i had on hand , and under each name , all the uses that i knew for that herb - whether i had ever made such use of it or not .
any herb used to treat a septic condition was a possibility - cleansing lacerations , treating mouth sores , treatment of diarrhea and dysentery ...
meanwhile , i had made a selection of those herbs with a reputation for the internal treatment of suppurative conditions , and made a stiff decoction of them , steeped in boiling water for several hours .
i had brought other herbs as well , but i knew that for the tuscarora , for the cherokee , and for the mohawk , sage was holy , the smoke of it cleansing .
later , many years later , hannah realized that poor old mrs . birch had probably planned to boil up her hog 's head the next day with herbs and cornmeal for scrapple or headcheese , or some such rural delicacy .
` ` voodoo is n't herbs and natural remedies .
every one of my favorite spices and herbs permeated the air .
bex and jared worked furiously in the kitchen , their laughter and conversation filtering to the formal dining room along with the delicious smel s of savory herbs .
he 's still feasting on my fingers when he follows suit and grabs a piece of cauliflower and feeds it to me , and as all the herb flavors and olive oil melt in my mouth , i suck on his fingers too .
she spices all his meals with natural herbs like thyme , basil , rosemary , a little dash of garlic or cayenne pepper , and some kick - ass combinations that i ' ve been jotting down for when i get back home .
bunches of garlic , dried herbs and chilli peppers were strung from the smoke - darkened beams in the low ceiling .
later , when they made camp , concha went foraging for herbs .
she told him about her plan to dig up a portion of her back lawn and turn it into an herb garden .
digging up the earth for her herb garden was a good example .
she mixed herbs and mashed the leaves , adding just enough water to make a paste .
lorna passed on some weeks ago and the laird , while skilled with a needle , has no knowledge of herbs and poultices .
keeley carefully deposited the herbs into one of the bowls and straightened her skirts .
` ` when will you collect these herbs ? ''
she stopped into the kitchens to visit with gertie and ask if there were any herbs she needed for her preparations .
the scents of tomato plants and herbs filled the greenhouse , calming hope 's frayed nerves .
why , yes , of course meat was salted for preservation , and milk had to be churned , and herbs had to be scattered on the floor rushes to keep them sweet smelling .
if you need more information , give me a call at herbs , a restaurant here in town .
he checked his watch ; it was a little after two , and he figured that the lunch rush at herbs was probably ending .
three only a few tables on the porch were still occupied when jeremy reached herbs .
doris had called the moment he left herbs and told her about the man in black from new york city , who was here to write about the ghosts in the cemetery .
` ` he was at herbs ?
six the following morning after showering under a lukewarm trickle of water , jeremy slipped on a pair of jeans , sweater , and brown leather jacket and made his way to herbs , which seemed to be the most popular breakfast place in town .
he was n't sure eating at herbs was worth it , even if the food was great .
` ` i take it you went to herbs , '' she remarked .
` ` are you going to herbs ? ''
that would n't happen to be the waitress at herbs , would it ? ''
they were at the far edge of downtown , a few blocks from herbs , near the boardwalk that stretched along the riverfront .
eight across town at herbs , deputy rodney hopper was stewing over his cup of coffee , wondering where on earth lexie and that ... city boy had gone off to .
not at herbs .
benson and tricket , albert the dentist , all eight members of the town council , including tully and jed , the mayor and the staff from the chamber of commerce , the entire school board , all nine county commissioners , the volunteers from the historical society , three accountants , the entire crew from herbs , the bartender from lookilu , the barber , and even toby , who emptied septic tanks for a living but looked remarkably spiffy nonetheless .
after doris had gone back to herbs to get the cooking under way , the mayor had rolled in and mentioned the awful news about jeremy and lexie , and rachel had called him straightaway .
` ` have you thought about checking herbs ?
before heading to herbs , jeremy swung by lexie 's house , noting the drawn curtains in the window and the fact that her car was gone .
the morning rush at herbs had died down , and the restaurant was in the twilight period between breakfast and lunch , when things were cleaned up from the last rush and preparations were being made for the next .
his anger fading , alvin paused in the doorway of herbs when he saw jed sitting at one of the tables .
seventeen jeremy glanced at his watch as he stood on the porch at herbs , waiting for alvin to finish his conversation with rachel .
he saw a strangely grainy photograph of herbs and another of the town as viewed from riker 's hill .
` ` and doris was n't at herbs , i know that much .
he thought immediately of herbs , but remembered it was n't open in the evening .
the scents of savory steak and herbs rose to her nostrils .
nora grabbed the herbs she needed and wheeled back around , adding them to the sauce .
` ` so much promise wasted , '' they whispered to my dad over drinks at herb 's tavern .
` ` and i do so adore the color of your hair , '' mary added from the other end of the table , where she 'd been advising lady amanda and lady hyacinth about the uses of a variety of different herbs .
` ` because this rotten item i find shall be something i have prepared beforehand with special herbs to make her woozy and sleepy and not likely to fully wake until morning .
` ` now , come ; i needs must send my maid to fetch the necessary herbs to achieve the right effect . ''
perhaps he will be kind enough to cook it and to add in some spices and herbs to make it more palatable . ''
one of the herbs or spices the cook had used to hide the rot was bitter and nasty.it was so bad she nearly spat the meat back out , but determination made her chew and swallow .
` ` surely he risks the herbs lauda put on the meat wearing off if he waits too long . ''
osgoode nodded , then suggested , ` ` speaking of those herbs , after we stop malculinus , mayhap you should just slip into murie 's room to see that whatever it is she was given has caused her no harm . ''
` ` lauda must have been too generous with her herbs .
it made balan realize how effective the herbs lauda had given murie were .
balan stared , aghast , wondering if those herbs lauda had given murie had somehow distorted the actual event , combining the fire and his kisses in her mind .
perhaps the herbs or the gamy meat had made her feverish .
i should not like to help you deliver the babe out here in a rough camp without aid or herbs or medicinals to help . ''
the small gardens around the buildings that had once boasted herbs and spices were now growing wild and filled with weeds .
she helped me make the bed and hang the furs and find herbs for the fire , '' she said quickly .
` ` his lordship and osgoode returned with a boar from their hunt , and i came to find the herbs i should like to stuff it with . ''
the sooner i start that the better ; else we will be either eating tasteless , unseasoned dishes or purchasing herbs at an exorbitant price . ''
cheese , flour and exotic herbs we can not grow here , and - ` ` ` ` cheese , flour and exotic herbs ? ''
` ` she wentto see if there is an herb garden behind the kitchens .
thegreat - hall walls stillneeded whitewashing , therewerestill the two smaller roomsabove stairsto be tendedto , and the kitchens as well , not to mention the herb garden .
raising her head , she calledout , ` ` is there a grocer here whocansupplymewith herbs ? ''
` ` and the breadsand so on that you ordered from the baker , as wellas the herbs from the grocer , shallbewelcome , '' lady gervillesaidfirmly .
cassie was in the herb garden when the phone call came .
the table was on its side , and herbs and drying racks were scattered on the floor .
we had meetings sometimes , and those of us with the sight would make notes of what we saw , and those with the healing touch would talk about herbs and things .
for spells , she needed all the proper tools : sage stick , herbs , candles , salt , etc .
the bag had been emptied , and herbs and tools and crystals were lined in rows , the crystals in color and height order .
candles , crystals , herbs .
tam tossed some strongly scented herbs around them .
ilysa helped the old seer turn on her stool to face the hearth , then tossed a handful of the herbs tearlag used to enhance her visions onto the fire , causing it to spit and crackle .
` ` nineteen , '' ilysa said as she briskly mixed herbs into a paste .
* * * while everyone else in the household was in the courtyard watching the fight , ilysa frantically looked through her trunk for the bag of herbs tearlag had given her .
then she scattered the herbs that were supposed to enhance visions over the brazier .
as she dipped and whirled , she sprinkled the special herb mixture into the fire with both hands , causing it to snap and shoot sparks into the darkness .
this time , she could not use connor 's chamber to help connect the vision to him , so she stole a loose hair from each of the men 's tunics to mix with her herbs .
after ramming the bar across her door , she put an extra peat log on her brazier , then cut the hair into the herbs with her dirk .
` ` no , i have n't seen father , '' flora said and tossed some herbs into the pot she was stirring .
she tossed a handful of the herbs she had brought onto the fire , and a burst of sparks shot above her head .
` ` i remembered that ye collected healing herbs in the glen when the moon was full . ''
after closing the door , she quickly donned her gown and heavy cloak , then gathered the herbs she thought she might need into her basket .
she reached into the leather pouch tied to her belt for her dried herbs .
she tossed some of the herbs onto the fire and sparks flew high into the sky .
` ` how often does your chef come up for herbs ? ''
dried herbs .
here 's some herb tea laurel made up for me over the summer , '' she added , putting something in cassie 's hand .
` ` it 's a simple herb and gem elixir for chills , '' she said quietly to mrs . blake , and there was something reassuring about her voice .
` ` candles , herbs , flowers , words , movements . ''
they lighted the candles , and sprinkled the flowers and herbs over the ground where gage had fallen .
she charged the canvas pouch of herbs with earth , water , air , and fire by sprinkling salt on it , flicking water from a glass on it , breathing on it , and passing it over a lit candle which had been sitting ready on the coffee table .
granny quincey was holding a bunch of herbs , and adam 's grandmother , a silver bell .
around his neck was the canvas pouch full of herbs diana had prepared .
when he began to psychologically torture dimmesdale , giving him all those strange roots and herbs , chillingworth reminded me of dr . timbers and his staff .
it 's a lovely french onion soup , which will be followed with an herb salad with goat cheese croustades .
they 'd tossed in a collection of clean - scented herbs from the island , and it was n't bad .
instead of two - pound beef steaks that took a bowie knife to cut , he now ate beef cooked in wine , chicken wrapped in herbs , trout smothered in slivered almonds .
inside the box was a small glass bowl filled with dried herbs and flowers .
she 'd prepared a decoction of herbs for her .
with the night ahead looming large in willa 's mind , it was not surprising that the herbs were the first thing she attended to on arriving in the room she and her husband were to share .
eada had pressed the small pouch of herbs into her hand ere leaving for the village earlier and willa had hooked the laces of the pouch to her girdle so as not to forget it at the table .
she watched the herbs whirl around in her cup and wondered if she 'd added enough .
she would never need the herbs again .
setting the mug back on the chest , she grabbed up the pitcher and began to drink straight from it , gulping at the fruity liquid in an effort to wash the taste and bits of herb from her mouth .
where are the herbs i gave ye ? ''
she had wished they would hurry up , however , for she very much feared that it had been a mistake to disregard eada 's instructions and take the entire pouch of herbs .
so much so that she actually began to regret all the effort she 'd put into distracting eada so that she would not again ask about the pouch of herbs .
examining the bag , he realized at once that it had held herbs of some sort or other not long ago .
willa remembered mixing the herbs eada had given her in the ale that had been set out .
willa grimaced as she recalled the bitter tasting meade mixed with eada 's herbs .
willa had assumed the nausea was caused by too much food and drink , nervousness , and eada 's herbs reacting badly together .
eada checked on them twice a day , changing hugh 's poultice and dosing them both with various vile tasting herbs meant to help them heal .
she ignored hugh 's irritation at being ordered about by one of his own servants and left the room in search of meade into which to mix her herbs .
the scents of the savory garlic - herb roasted chicken and vegetables blended with the delicious aroma of yeasty bread .
samantha stepped into the cool interior of the restaurant and let the mouth - watering smell of garlic and herbs wash over her senses .
fresh baked rainbow trout came from the oven , sprinkled with delicate herbs .
the scent of hanging dried herbs coated the air , the smell earthy .
even the scent of dried herbs and flowers that emanated from the linens immersed her in a fantasy world .
she had mahi - mahi encrusted with herbs and spices and also sampled some of noah 's beef tenderloin stuffed with lobster .
` ` adriane and i have n't had a lot of time to get to know each other , '' she replied diplomatically , then picked up her cup of herb tea and took a sip .